===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Albemarle Corporation's Q1 2025 Earnings Call. I will now hand it over to Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability.
Meredith Bandy: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's First Quarter 2025 Earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after market closed yesterday, and you'll find the press release and earnings presentation posted to our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive and Neal Sheorey, Chief Financial Officer Netha Johnson, Chief Operations Officer and Eric Norris, Chief Commercial Officer are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including our outlook, guidance, expected company performance and strategic initiatives may constitute forward-looking statements. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation that also applies to our call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations can be found in the earnings materials. And now, I'll turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thank you, Meredith. For the first quarter, we reported net sales of $1.1 billion including increased specialties volumes and record lithium production from our integrated lithium conversion network. Adjusted EBITDA was $267 million reflecting strong year-over-year improvements in specialties and kitchen. We generated $545 million in cash from operations, achieving an operating cash conversion rate exceeding 200%. We are maintaining our 2025 outlook considerations based on recently observed lithium market prices. These considerations include the anticipated direct impact of tariffs announced to date. Note that the direct impact of tariffs is expected to be minimal as Albermarle benefits from global diversification and current exemptions, particularly for critical minerals such as lithium salts and spodumene. Neal will provide more details on this later in the call. Regardless of shifts in the external market environment, Albemarle remains focused on controllable factors to ensure competitiveness through the cycle. To that end, we continue to act decisively across four key areas, optimizing our conversion network, improving cost and productivity, reducing capital expenditure and enhancing financial flexibility. For example, through April, we achieved approximately 90% run rate to get to the midpoint of our $350 million cost and productivity improvement target. And our team has identified opportunities to reach the high end of the $300 million to $400 million range. This includes incremental volume improvements as we ramp our new facilities and cost savings from placing our Chengdu site on care and maintenance. This quarter, we are also providing updated forecasts for global lithium market demand and supply. We anticipate global lithium demand growth in the 15% to 40% range in 2025, depending on tariff impacts, policy changes and macroeconomic trends. Longer term, we expect the lithium demand outlook to remain robust, more than doubling from 2024 to 2030, driven by the energy transition and global demand for electric vehicles and grid storage. Incentivizing supply growth requires long term lithium pricing well above current spot prices. Now, I'll turn it over to Neal, who will provide more details on our financial performance and outlook considerations. I will conclude our prepared remarks with further details on our lithium market forecast before opening the call for Q&A.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Kent, and good morning, everyone. I will begin with a review of our first quarter financial performance on slide 5. We reported first quarter net sales of $1.1 billion which were lower year-over-year, mainly due to lower lithium market pricing. The pricing decline was partially offset by higher volumes in specialties. Energy storage volume was flat year-over-year as we optimized our own lithium conversion network and reduced the need for tolling volumes. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was $267 million down 8% year-over-year, as lower input costs and ongoing cost and productivity improvements partially mitigated the impact of lower lithium pricing and reduced JV pretax equity earnings. Our focus on cost is showing through in the improved quality of our business, evidenced by our adjusted EBITDA margin improving by approximately 400 basis points year-over-year. Earnings per share was breakeven in the first quarter. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was a loss of $0.18 after preferred dividends and excluding discrete tax items and other nonrecurring factors. Slide 6 highlights the drivers of our year-over-year EBITDA performance. As I mentioned, Specialties drove the volume benefit, while energy storage volume remained stable due to ramping conversion plants balanced by lower tolling volumes. Q1 adjusted EBITDA was down slightly due to lower lithium pricing and pretax equity income, partly offset by reduced COGS from lower cost spodumene. Our SG&A costs were down more than 20% year-over-year due to our restructuring and cost savings initiatives. Adjusted EBITDA increased by 30% in Specialties and 76% in Ketjen year-over-year. Corporate EBITDA declined due to a foreign exchange loss compared to last year's gain. Turning to slide 7 for an update on the recently announced tariffs. The focus of our comments today will be on the direct impact of the tariffs that have been announced or amended as of this earnings release. We estimate the direct impact of the tariffs in 2025 to be relatively modest at approximately $30 million to $40 million on an unmitigated basis. This impact is mostly attributed to Specialties and Ketjen. Notably, the direct impact on our energy storage business is expected to be effectively zero as most of our lithium production is sold within Asia. Additionally, we benefit from current exemptions for critical minerals, such as lithium salts and spodumene. Our teams are actively working on mitigations to these impacts, and we expect the mitigated impact could be significantly lower. In some jurisdictions, we have inventories that help to mitigate near term impacts in other cases, tariffs present opportunities to increase sales in countries with lower tariffs. For instance, we may be able to capitalize on our US manufacturing footprint to sell more bromine products from Magnolia into US end markets. While the full economic impact of the recently announced tariffs and other global trade actions is unclear, we benefit from our global footprint and the current exemptions for critical minerals. As a result, we're able to maintain our full year 2025 outlook considerations even with the anticipated direct impact of tariffs announced to date. Moving to slide 8. As usual, we are providing outlook scenarios based on recently observed lithium market pricing. And on this slide, we have presented Albemarle's comprehensive company roll up for each lithium market price scenario. As I just mentioned, these outlook considerations have not changed since we unveiled them last quarter. As a reminder, we have provided modeling for three price scenarios, including: year end 2024 market pricing of about $9 per kilogram lithium carbonate equivalent, or LCE the first half 2024 range of $12 to $15 per kilogram LCE and the fourth quarter 2023 average of about $20 per kilogram LCE. All three scenarios reflect the results of assumed flat market pricing across the year in conjunction with Energy Storage's current book of business, with ranges based on expected volume and mix. Turning to slide 9 for additional outlook commentary by segment. First, in Energy Storage. As a reminder, for 2025, approximately 50% of our lithium salts volumes are sold on long term agreements with floors. Our contracts continue to perform in line with our forecast, and we have no significant contracts up for renewal this year. With these long term agreements, plus other sales on contracts with volume commitments and market based pricing, we continue to expect volumes to be slightly higher year-over-year. This is primarily due to the ongoing ramp of the Salar yield improvement project in Chile, plus production ramps at our conversion sites, which helps improve fixed cost absorption and results in reduced tolling volumes. We realized a strong first quarter Energy Storage EBITDA margin of 36%, thanks to lower input costs and a greater proportion of lithium salts sold under long term agreements. Second quarter margin is expected to be lower due to a lower proportion of lithium salts sold under long term agreements. Net net, we continue to expect the full year and the first half 2025 Energy Storage EBITDA margin to average in the mid-20% range, assuming our $9 per LCE price scenario. In Specialties, we continue to expect modest volume growth year-over-year. We also expect to see revenue and pricing improvements mid-year, partially due to steady demand and temporary industry supply disruptions. Q2 EBITDA is expected to be lower primarily due to product mix. Finally, at Ketjen, we expect modest improvements in 2025 related to product mix, continued execution of our turnaround plan. While revenue is expected to improve sequentially, Q2 EBITDA is expected to be lower due to product mix. Please refer to our appendix slides in the deck for additional modeling considerations across the enterprise. Advancing to slide 10. We continue to progress broad initiatives designed to maintain our long term competitive advantages through market cycles. Given the ongoing dynamic environment, we are consistently augmenting our playbook of potential measures to ensure timely adaptation as required. In terms of optimizing our lithium conversion network, we achieved record quarterly production at five sites across our company operated conversion network, La Negra, Kemerton, Xinyu, Qinzhou and Meishan. Meanwhile, since our announcement last quarter, we've shifted operations at our Chengdu facility, which is ramping down and preparing to go into care and maintenance. These actions allow for lower cost to serve, better fixed cost absorption and reduced tolling volumes. Second, improving costs and productivity. We have moved rapidly on our $300 million to $400 million cost and productivity target and have already reached an approximately 90% run rate against the midpoint of the savings range. And additionally, we have identified opportunities to reach the high end of the range and are already developing execution plans to drive those benefits. These opportunities include further reductions to non-headcount spending, supply chain efficiencies, and further volume improvements at key manufacturing sites. Third, we remain on track to reduce capital expenditures by more than 50% year-over-year. And finally, we remain focused on enhancing our financial flexibility and driving cash flow generation and cash conversion even in this uncertain market environment evidenced by our more than 200% operating cash conversion in the first quarter driven by the receipt of the customer prepayment. In summary, we remain focused on our deep and broad playbook of actions in our control, and we continue to execute successfully across our planned operational and financial priorities. Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity metrics on slide 11. We ended the first quarter with available liquidity of $3.1 billion largely made up of $1.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents and the full $1.5 billion available under our revolver. The measures we've implemented to control costs, capital spending and cash conversion have also enhanced our financial flexibility. As a result of our proactive efforts to reduce costs and optimize cash flow, we ended Q1 with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.4 times. Slide 12 highlights our commitment to effective execution and converting earnings into cash. This is demonstrated by improved operating cash flow conversion resulting from operational discipline and efficient cash management. In the first quarter, operating cash conversion exceeded 200%, a large part of which was driven by the customer prepayment received in January. However, even when excluding this prepayment, first quarter operating cash conversion was 73%, above our long range target, thanks to the timing of Talison dividends, enhancements in inventory and other cash management actions across our enterprise. And just as important, we delivered slightly positive free cash flow without the customer prepayment. As we said last quarter, we anticipate that our 2025 cash dividends from the Talison JV will be below historical average as Talison completes its CGP3 capital project at the Greenbushes mine. Nevertheless, we expect operating cash flow conversion to surpass 80% in 2025, exceeding our long term target range, driven by ongoing working capital improvements and the $350 million customer prepayment. Combining that with our capital spending range of $700 million to $800 million, we maintain our expectation of breakeven free cash flow for the full year of 2025. I'll now turn it back to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Neal. Now I'll cover our long term lithium supply demand outlook. Lithium is vital for the energy transition, and our long term business drivers are robust. Beginning on slide 14, 2025 EV demand growth is off to a strong start led by China, with EV sales up 41% year-to-date, driven by subsidies for battery EVs and plug in hybrids. China now represents approximately 60% of the overall market demand. Europe also had a strong start to the year with sales up 19% in January and February, thanks to a step change in regulatory emission targets. Finally, North America grew 17% year-over-year with US trends improving due to greater model availability and affordability. Overall, these trends reinforce confidence in the industry's long term growth potential and continue to highlight that the regional dynamics are important factors to consider as the industry expands. Turning to slide 15, we expect lithium demand to more than double from 2024 to 2030, driven primarily by stationary storage and electric vehicle demand. Near term, we expect 2025 demand growth in the range of 15% to 40%, a wider than usual range reflecting uncertainties around tariffs and other trade actions and their impact on the macroeconomic environment. We feel confident in the ability to reach the low end of the range given year-to-date performance, revised EU emission targets and even modest growth in China. The high end of the 2025 outlook range assumes strong grid installations, particularly in China and South Asia, plus Europe and China EV sales growth continuing closer to the year-to-date trend. For what we know today, we see the most likely outcome being a growth rate in between these two extremes in the mid 20% range or similar to the growth rate in 2024. These figures include the anticipated impact of tariffs announced to date under current macroeconomic conditions. However, they do not include the impact of a global economic recession. We expect lithium supply to remain relatively balanced over the forecast period given recently announced and ongoing project curtailments and delays. Incentivizing supply growth to meet long term demand requires prices well above current levels. The global energy transition is undoubtedly progressing. It is a matter of how fast, not if. Globally, electric vehicle market penetration or share of vehicle production is expected to exceed internal combustion engines by the end of the decade. In China, EV production is expected to overtake ICE production by as early as this year. European EV penetration is driven by the EU's CO2 emissions targets and is expected to reach 65% by 2030, assuming the current policies remain in effect. The US EV market is earlier in its development with a range of outcomes primarily reflecting uncertain policy impacts. On the supply side, there have been several announced curtailments both upstream and downstream. Non-integrated hard rock conversion remains unprofitable and large integrated producers are facing pressure. As prices have declined, we now believe that about 40% of global capacity is currently either at or below breakeven, of which only about one-third has come offline. In a growing market, all of that supply and more is required to meet long run demand. In fact, we estimate lithium supply must double by 2030 to keep pace with demand. As a result, we continue to expect that prices well above current levels are required to support the necessary investment. In summary, on slide 18, Albemarle delivered solid first quarter performance while continuing to act decisively to preserve long-term growth optionality and maintain the company's industry leading position through the cycle. We are maintaining our full year 2025 company outlook considerations, building on the progress we've made to drive enterprise wide cost improvements and strong energy storage project ramps. We are progressing broad based comprehensive actions to manage controllable factors and generate value across the cycle. I am confident we are taking the necessary steps to maintain our competitive position and to capitalize on the long term secular opportunities in our markets. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rock Hoffman with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Rock Hoffman: We're already one third done with, the year. Could you speak a little more to, the different scenarios which may get the demand to lower the higher end of that, guided 15% to 40%, within the vendor in 2025?
Kent Masters: Yeah. So I guess okay. So that's right. We're about a third in, but it's a pretty uncertain environment at the moment. So and that reflects the range that we put out there, why it is as wide as it is. And we said in our comments, we thought for lack of another number, I mean, the middle of the range is kind of what we think is reasonable at the moment. I mean, that's the two extremes are kind of the downside and the upside. So either everything going the wrong way or everything going in the right direction. So our best view at the moment, it's in the mid 20% range. That's our view. We're off to a good start, so it was stronger than that. And we know that some of that was pulled from last year a little bit. So our best guess is in the mid-twenties.
Rock Hoffman: And just as a follow-up, could you speak a little more to the progress in your productivity initiatives? And given you're already 90% of the way through the midpoint, in other words, roughly $315 million run rate, Is there upside to that $400 million high end either in 2025 or thereafter?
Kent Masters: Yeah. So we're kind of fighting to get to the top end of that range, but that's a this is a kind of a one off program. We look at productivity and those type benefits as something that we constantly do. But we think we can get to the top end of the range. We've gotten to kind of 90% of it at the moment to the at least the midpoint. And we think we'll get to the top end of that range, but then we'll keep working on that. So productivity is kind of a constant thing. It is not something that's going to end when this program is over, and we'll continue to look for opportunities around that.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with Mizuho Securities. Your line is now open.
John Roberts: Back to the range on lithium demand forecast, do you have an opinion on how hard or easy it would be for US and European EV makers to copy some of the recent Chinese breakthroughs in cell pack design? How easy or how hard?
Kent Masters: I think look. We're still early in the technology curve around lithium ion batteries and other batteries in the similar space. Right? So we are still early, either on the ones that are the more mature, like the high nickel and LFP. I think we're still early in that cycle. So you're going to still see advancements. You're going to see them from global players regardless of what geography they're in. So I think there's still a lot to play out around energy storage and whether it's lithium ion or sodium, for example. We're still early in that technology curve. So there there's a lot of room for improvement and from a variety of different players.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Rusch with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much, guys. This one's for Neal. I mean, if you look at the industry now that we've seen some deeper rationalization, how are you thinking about cross cycle cash management and return on investment if we think about a three to five year time period around those stock?
Neal Sheorey: So, look, from a cash management standpoint or maybe, more importantly, I think where I go to first is thinking about the cash conversion, of this company. Obviously, for the work that we are doing around our cost savings, ramping our assets, and so on, if I look over the next three years, we've set a range of, 60% to 70% kind of cash conversion as our benchmark, and that's what's turned up as we've done benchmarking with similar companies. And so that's something that we want to strive for, not just performing that way in a single year, but really being able to do that in a more consistent way. And I think as we line out our assets and, you know, get through our cost savings and work on the productivity initiatives that Kent mentioned, I think that we can get there, and we can do that in an in a ratable way. We've also said from a- this kind of ties into the cash management piece from a leverage standpoint. Obviously, we want to be lower than where we are today. We've always said that less than two and a half times across the cycle is our target. We're not there today, so we're going to keep working on that. And you've seen the things that we've done to enhance our financial flexibility and make sure that we have, we're moving in the right direction on that front. So, look, I don't think there's a big change in our long term targets, but I hope what you hear from our comments today and the performance that we've had over the last several quarters is that we are very focused every day on ensuring that we're driving to those targets or better, kind of using this benchmarking mindset, to guide our actions.
Colin Rusch: And then just on the lithium contracting strategy, I appreciate the comments that you don't have any major contracts rolling off this year. As you see the landscape evolving a little bit and we start to see autonomous vehicles start to drive more EV adoption. Is there another cycle where you guys will have a little bit more leverage around contract negotiations and pricing as folks really start to attack the autonomous vehicle market here by the end of the second?
Kent Masters: I think from just from our contracting strategy, I think, ultimately, it doesn't change. It evolves. And I think our customers, they want to have long term security of supply, the contracting element is part of that. Different markets have different preferences from a contracting or not contracting standpoint. So the Chinese market is, for the most part, spot. But a lot of the OEMs and players within the industry, particularly in the West, like to have a contract. They like that security of supply. They know that they've got that supply lined up for them. So I think we'll continue to do that. Up around where it's autonomous or not in that market, I'm not sure that changes our contracting strategy. I think, it will evolve over time depending on the way the industry evolves, but I still see us having a mix. And we always talk about the portfolio we have. So we have a certain amount of our portfolio in spot. We like having a certain part of that. We like having a piece in contracts. We see that it allows us to play in various parts of the market and mitigate risk in certain contractual strategies. So you'll always see us with that portfolio. It will probably shift a little bit over time depending on the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Cunningham with Citi. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Rachel on for Patrick. Very helpful view on the lithium demand. I guess, how much of the strong demand year-to-date would you attribute to tariff prebuying? And any concerns on gas at risk for ESS given the tariffs?
Kent Masters: I'm not sure if much of it was tariff prebuying so much as it is was about- we do know that our customers have told us they shifted volume from the end of last year into this year more about regulatory issues in Europe than anything else. And it was a strong start to the year. I'm not sure we can define exactly what that it was, so we didn't have as weak of a period around Lunar New Year as we normally do. So it was a little stronger on that. I don't think it was tariff related, but with regulatory in Europe and to be honest, I'm sure why it was stronger than it was in China, but it was.
Unidentified Analyst: On the supply side, you've mentioned supply curtailments, but we've continued to see that supply response mainly from China. So do you think there are particular regions where you expect to see supply removed or any large project cancellations?
Kent Masters: I think well, and it's going to be nonintegrated hardrock conversion. Right? So either the hardrock resource or that conversion is- they're in the difficult part on the cost curve. So that's probably where we see that, and we see it more in Western players than we would in Chinese players.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov with KeyBanc.
Aleksey Yefremov: Just to stay with the lithium market. You're forecasting demand to grow 200 to 600 kilotons this year. How much do you think the upstream capacity would be added this year as well?
Kent Masters: So I think so you're basically saying supply demand. Right? So given the market growth, we see how much comes on. So there's room to absorb that, but there is still some capacity that will come on. I don't know exactly. I mean, our view of supply demand essentially stays more or less the same throughout the year unless a significant amount comes off.
Aleksey Yefremov: And then about your feedstock costs, we saw that cost of mining fell at Wodgina. I don't know if you really saw the benefit of that this quarter or expect to see later this year. But could you also broadly talk about your outlook for mining costs at both Wodgina and Greenbushes and maybe La Negra as your volumes ramp in Chile?
Kent Masters: Yeah. So, like, I guess you'd have to go through each of those. I mean, we're driving Greenbushes there is pretty mature. We've got a lot of initiatives around that where we're getting more focused on the mining, so we are able to drive cost from that. CGP-3 will be the next big step there, and that program comes on later in the year. So you'll get a little bit more scale, which will help us on a cost standpoint. Well, I'd do know we're working through a probably a difficult part of the mine at the moment to remove material and get to the best ore there. So it's higher at the moment, but we expect to get the better cost position there. And LA Negra is one of the lowest - from the Florida Atacama, the one of the lowest sources, lowest cost sources resource in the world. So we continue to drive, productivity and operations there. The Salar Yield project is ramping up. We had record production at La Negra in this particular quarter, so that's all going well, which should drive the cost down slightly. Those are incremental improvements, but they move to drive the cost down as we leverage the fixed cost over more volume.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Perrella with UBS.
Chris Perrella: I wanted to follow-up on the margins within Energy Storage. And how much lower, I guess, are contract sales in 2Q? And how do the volumes ramp over the course of the year to sort of come out to your mid-20% margin target for the full year?
Neal Sheorey: This is Neal. Maybe I can give you a little bit of color here. So, you know, the first thing, to highlight about the first quarter is, historically, just in general from a seasonality perspective, the first quarter is usually a slower volume quarter for energy storage. And I think you can see that in our deck. We provided our production in energy storage. It was around 40 kT in the quarter, and that's less than 25% for the year. And so what you should expect is that there will be our higher volume months tend to be in the second and the third quarter. And, usually, with those higher quarter months, what that means is that there's more volume that is going to be sold off of our long term agreement. So those are going to be at prices a little bit more like current market prices or current spot prices. So that's why we say from an energy storage perspective, it's more of a mix as the volume ramps up over the next couple of quarters. And that's why we see the margin kicking lower in the second quarter versus the first quarter.
Chris Perrella: All right. And just a follow-up question. With the cutback in CapEx and the ramping or the remixing of your production or optimizing of your conversion network, where do you guys see maintenance CapEx on a go-forward basis when everything settles out over the course of this year?
Kent Masters: When you're asking the question, I was thinking about a longer term answer rather than this year. So I think it's going to be a little longer term, but look. We're trying to get about a 6% of revenue from a capital standpoint, and we kind of say that at a mid-cycle price. We just say at $15, we would aspire to get to 6%, and we're a bit above that now. Prices are a little lower than that. That includes some small capital projects that give us productivity, incremental benefit, cost out type programs in that. So that's kind of where we're driving. And if we get to that point, then we'll reassess and see if we can do something different like that. But we're above that at the moment, but that's where we're headed.
Neal Sheorey: And Chris, this is Neal. Maybe just to give you a little bit of color. We actually provided a chart. We didn't provide it this quarter because nothing has changed about it. But if you look at our last quarter earnings deck, we provided a chart with a little bit of that breakdown of our capital spending. As you can imagine, because of the reductions we've made, there's very little capital that we're spending on incremental growth right now. Most of it is going into regulatory, maintenance capital, those kinds of things. And it wouldn't surprise me if you go back and look at that chart. You'll probably come to a number in the, call it, $400 million or $500 million kind of range that's in that sustaining bucket.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Jackson with BMO.
Joel Jackson: First question, there's been some reports over the last week or so that one chemical conversion plant or chemical plant in China broke a long-term contract, broke floor pricing. know that you did nothing gets reset this year. I think some need reset next year in your own book. Are you starting to see some discussions with your customers asking questions as the lithium price keeps sort of eroding slowly here?
Kent Masters: I'm not exact sure of the question, Joel, what you're getting at. So let me start-
Joel Jackson: You came back that a chemical plant in China broke its long term contracts and broke its floors. Are you seeing any discussions from customers on asking if they can break their floors too?
Kent Masters: I would say no. Not any different than we have for the last three years. We all talk about this. Our contracts evolve over time, and we've adjusted them. So we did have contracts in the last cycle that, the floors did not hold, and we've adjusted the nature of the contract and who we contract with. So that’s why you see us go more to the spot market in China. But our contracts are holding, and, that doesn't mean that we don't renegotiate them over time. If our customer wants something, we want something. If we can find a middle ground, we adjust. We've done that over time, and I how it goes, how this market works over time. But I think our contracts are holding and doing what we expect them to do.
Joel Jackson: And then it's kind of a two part, my second question, but would you first agree that what's caught the market off guard the last couple years is not demand. Demand's been fine. It's been just supply. And then following up on that in a prior question that was asked on this call, you have a very granular demand outlook. The supply outlook or comments you gave seem like more high level. Do you not worry that the supply there, it's hard to see it coming. And, you know, even with great demand growth, it's going to lead to a tough market, because there is so much supply out there. It's hard to see.
Kent Masters: It is difficult to understand the supply side. I think the demand side as well, but there's more external people looking at it, and people report on that. So it's, I think, a little easier to get your head around it. Supply is a little different. It's stickier. Things that we are pretty sure are losing cash or still operating. Difficult to understand that, how long people can hold on to that. So there will be pluses and minuses that we don't necessarily see coming on the supply side, but I think what gives us some comfort is that long term, that marginal cost that is required to get the volumes that are necessary to meet demand means prices have to be higher or those investments won't happen. So I think that's the best way I can answer that question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Neal, could I ask you, the $350 million of deferred revenue that came in, it's obviously cash on your balance sheet now, but it's also a deferred liability on your balance sheet. So I'm wondering, do the credit rating agencies, when they look at your metrics, do they give you complete credit for the $350 million in the net debt to EBITDA calculation, or do they haircut it by some amount because, ultimately, you have to deliver on that revenue and their costs associated with doing such?
Neal Sheorey: Without getting into maybe the specifics of our discussion with the rating agencies, yes, they do give us credit for that prepayment, and it has to do with the way in which we've structured that prepayment. But I think more importantly, the discussion with the rating agency hasn't just been about the prepayment. It's been about really the collective series of actions that the company has done to ensure that we have the financial flexibility and keep working our leverage down and get it under control. So I think, outside of the prepayment even, they've been very happy with the focus that we've had as a team on ensuring we've got the right metrics going forward.
Vincent Andrews: And just as a follow-up, on cash flow from financing this year, last year, had about $350 million of outflows, most of which was the common and the preferred dividend. But I think there was about $50 million or $60 million of other items in there. Would you anticipate a similar amount of that this year to $50 million, or would it be less than that or a little bit more? Any thoughts there?
Neal Sheorey: I'm trying to remember, sort of where we sit right now, on all those miscellaneous items. That's probably a good assumption for now, Vincent. I can always have the IR team get back to you, but I don't expect a lot of noise in that, in that part of the cash flow statement outside of the dividend payments that we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
David Deckelbaum: Neal, maybe for you, I just wanted to clarify. As you think about maybe the $9 a kilo scenario, if that persists in the ‘26, given all of the cost cuts that you guys have exceeded on so far, you guys guided on the EBITDA margin for the second quarter and obviously highlighted the strength in the first quarter. How do you sort of think of the normalized EBITDA margin for the Energy Storage business exiting this year in sort of a $9 a kilo world?
Neal Sheorey: So, look, I think there are a couple of things. The Energy Storage business obviously is generating healthier margins, and we talked about this in the prepared remarks that the quality of the of the business and of the company has improved because of the cost savings. As you roll over into next year, I think there are a couple of things that are at flat pricing, there's couple of things that are working in our favor here. You know, obviously, as we get into 2026, number one is our assets will be further ramped. That's the Salar Yield Improvement Project. That's Meishan, Kemerton, etc. So that should help with our fixed cost absorption and, obviously, incrementally improve the energy storage margin. I think another piece of this also is that, you will have more production coming out of, Greenbushes with the CGP-3 investment then coming online. So that's obviously not only a benefit for that JV, but that also means that we can push more of that Greenbushes spot through our own operation and even maybe, leverage some of our tolling network as well to increase our volumes in the market too. So, look, I think net net, not counting on price, I think that we still have some tailwinds that can be beneficial to the energy storage business, even going into 2026. And by the way, I forgot to mention, then you have a full year also of the cost savings. So not only do we- this year, obviously, we are ramping into the cost savings, and we're continuing to deliver that. We hope to be at a pretty high run rate by the end of this year. Then next year, you obviously get the full benefit of that, through the entire company, but, of course, the Energy Storage business benefits from that as well.
David Deckelbaum: As my follow-up, just maybe for Ken, just a higher level question. In the outlook, you talked about that industry is obviously operating below incentive price levels now. How do you think about if pricing were to move to incentive levels, what is sort of the incentive price for Albemarle to begin spending growth CapEx again? And I guess, given some of the recent focus on the balance sheet and obviously on margin and cost savings, how long would you need to see a price response back to incentive levels before looking to get out of maybe maintenance level and start investing for long-term growth versus perhaps shoring up the balance sheet?
Kent Masters: Yeah. So I mean, look. Our priorities now is we are shoring up the balance sheet, making sure we're in the right position there. Look, the incentive price for different projects are all going to be different. And depends on where they are, what it is, whether it's resource from a resource perspective or conversion, they're all at different prices. And it's. whether it bounces back and the prices bifurcate by market would be another indicator of that. So those would be some of the things we would need to see, and we get a little price room, we're not going to jump toward kind of big investments. We're going to be a little bit cautious here. And as you say, shore up the balance sheet is our priority at the moment is to make sure that we can manage this business through the cycle. So we do think there are going to be cycles both up and down, and we have to make sure we're in the right position for that and balance that with the growth because we want to make the investments in the right place. And we do have access to resources, world class resources that we can invest behind, that's probably where you see us go first.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan with RBC. Your line is open.
Arun Viswanathan: Congrats on the Q1 performance. First off, you mentioned the potential for grid storage to drive maybe some slightly better than expected volumes or maybe in the upper end of that range. Could you just discuss maybe some more of your efforts there and or maybe even within the industry? Have you seen any further commercialization there? And what's Albemarle's participation there?
Kent Masters: Yeah. So I mean, the fixed storage or grid storage, we tend to call it fixed storage, but it's the same thing. It has, over the last few years, been about renewables and then balancing that with storage. So there were regulations in China that if you did renewables, you're required to put storage with that renewable at the same location. That regulation has changed, but you're still required to do fixed storage, but it can be done centrally. So that's a little bit of a shift in the regulation, but it's the incentives are still there, and that's a growing space now. It's becoming a little bit more about grid stability around AI data centers and things like that. So same application, interestingly enough, we're selling it to the same customers. We sell to the same location, and but they're selling into different segments. And, a few years ago, we had trouble understanding where the volume was going into, right, whether it was fixed storage or mobility or EVs, and we've spent some time trying to understand that a little better. We have a better handle on it than we did. But even today, we sell to the same customers, and that goes into the EV market or to the fixed storage market based on their book of business. So it's opportunistic, and it's been a good space for us. Frankly, a couple of years ago, we didn't think it was a place for lithium to play, that it would be a minor spot. Fixed storage now is getting close to 20% of the demand for lithium. And last year, it grew more than EVs marginally, but still it was growing there. So it's going to be an important component of our portfolio over time.
Arun Viswanathan: I guess, last year, we did see some curtailments over the summer. You noted that several other competitors in the lithium space may be in uneconomic territory. So do you expect some similar curtailments this year as you move into the summer? And similarly, do you expect curtailments based on environmental regulations? Or maybe you can just comment a little bit about supply given you've already commented on demand.
Kent Masters: I don't have a way of saying what everybody in the industry is going to do. We know that there's pressure because of the cost position and where prices are. There'll be pressure on people, and how long they hold out and operate at breakeven or less is hard to say. We have seen some assets, the highest ones we know have come out of the market, and we don't see them coming back in the near term. And, there'll be pressure for others to come out of the market, but I can't say when and if they do it. It's impossible to call. And then environmental pressure, around lepidolite in China, assuming that's what you're talking about, we have don't have great insight into that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Dan Rizwan for Laurence. How does your strategy shift if governments subsidize supply and keep prices at the lower end of the range?
Kent Masters: Yeah. I guess our strategy is make sure that we are at a cost position and competitive at the bottom of the cycle wherever that is. And what gives us confidence we can do that is the quality of the resources that we have. That allows us to participate at the very bottom of the cycle. And I don't think it can stay there forever. So there will be opportunity, but the strategy really is the same. It's to leverage the quality of the resources we have and to make sure that we are very cost efficient.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pete Osterland with Truist.
Pete Osterland: First, just wanted to ask a clarification on the mix impact driving the energy storage margin guidance. You're expecting 50% of volumes on LTAs for the year. What percentage are you expecting to be sold under LTAs in the second quarter?
Kent Masters: We don't give that level of specificity by the quarters. Like I said, I think I will lean back on my answer earlier on the call, which is in the first quarter, we had lower volumes and a little bit more of our mix was on those LTAs. As you think about the second quarter, think about, as a percentage wise, there will be less volume on the LTAs and more as we ramp our volumes, more will be on those other contracts that we have that are more tied to current market prices or current spot. And so that's the mix point that we're trying to make here is that as we ramp those volumes, there will naturally be more volumes on those kinds of contracts, and that will lead to the margin being a little bit lower in Q2 versus Q1.
Pete Osterland: I also wanted to ask about recent news that there's going be some new derivatives contracts for battery materials, including lithium being launched in June. What impact do you think that this could have on your lithium contract? I mean, you get any sense from customers that whether it's duration or pricing terms of how your contract mix would evolve if there's additional pricing transparency in the market?
Kent Masters: Yeah. I would say it won't have much of an impact initially, and it could over time if they take hold and there's more volume in the space, but there are other financial instruments out there now that you can hedge, but they're not significant, from a volume standpoint. So it doesn't impact us on a material basis. And I think that would be the same way at least in the near term. If they take hold, and we anticipate they will over time and they become a larger piece that our customers could hedge and we could hedge and do things a different way, but that volume is not available today.
Operator: Our final question comes from Andres Castanos with Berenberg.
Andres Castanos: My question will be on bromine, please. Have you noticed any changes in the situation of bromine and bromine derivatives from the USA to China? Has this impacted bromine pricing in general or at least in maybe some decoupling in the two regions?
Kent Masters: I don't know that we've seen a change. They do move in that direction. They have over time. I don't know that we've seen a significant change in derivatives from bromine moving to China.
Eric Norris: No. We haven't seen any change in that. Tariffs have played a role and a potential role, but there's been some exemptions as well that have allowed. So there hasn't been any real material change in the flow. And maybe the biggest short term change is just a response to maybe a shortage supply in the industry that moved prices over the last month from $3 a kilogram to a high of $5.14 a kilogram, but that's since come back down to between a range of $3 and $3.29. So that's moved through the system already.
Operator: Thank you. That's all the time we have for questions. I will now pass it back to Kent Masters for closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Thank you, operator. And to wrap up, Albemarle's strong operational execution and strategic framework positioned us to effectively navigate market conditions and maintain our long term competitive advantages, including our world class resources, process chemistry expertise, and our customer centric market approach. We are dedicated to delivering value for our stakeholders and driving sustainable growth. Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you face to face at the upcoming events you see on the next slide listed on slide 20. Stay safe, and thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Albemarle Corporation's Q4 2024 earnings call. I will now hand it over to Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability.
Meredith Bandy: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the market yesterday, and you'll find the press release and earnings presentation posted to our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; and Neal Sheorey, Chief Financial Officer. Netha Johnson, Chief Operations Officer; and Eric Norris, Chief Commercial Officer, are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call including our outlook, guidance, expected company performance and strategic initiatives may constitute forward-looking statements. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation, which also applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations can be found in our earnings materials. And now I'll turn the call over to Kent.
Jerry Masters: Thank you, Meredith. For the fourth quarter, we reported net sales of $1.2 billion and an adjusted EBITDA of $251 million with year-over-year EBITDA improvements in all of our business segments. Turning to the full year of 2024. We achieved an adjusted EBITDA of $1.1 billion in line with our outlook considerations due to significant productivity and cost improvements, higher volumes and strong contract performance. Our Energy Storage segment delivered a 26% year-over-year increase in sales volumes, surpassing our initial guidance of 10% to 20% growth, driven by successful project ramps and increased spodumene sales. We also generated $702 million in cash from operations with an operating cash conversion rate exceeding 60%, which is above our target of 50% and in line with our long-term objective. Albemarle continues to act decisively across four key areas: optimizing our conversion network, improving cost and efficiency, reducing capital expenditure and enhancing financial flexibility. We'll touch on each of these areas in more detail later in the call. As part of these initiatives, today, we're announcing new measures to further optimize our global conversion network, including placing the Chengdu lithium conversion facility into care and maintenance by midyear of 2025 and shifting capacity at our Qinzhou lithium conversion facility somewhat from hydroxide to carbonate. As we did last year, we are providing our outlook based on a range of lithium market prices, including a new $9 per kilogram scenario and updated $12 to $15 per kilogram and $20 per kilogram scenarios. Compared to 2024, we have improved our outlook across these ranges due to our ongoing efforts to enhance productivity and reduce cost. Additionally, we have further decreased our full year 2025 CapEx outlook by an additional $100 million, we now expect to spend in the range of $700 million to $800 million. Thanks to these and other measures, we now have line of sight to achieve breakeven free cash flow in 2025. Now I'll turn it over to Neal, who will provide more details on our full year and fourth quarter performance, outlook considerations and market conditions. Then I'll conclude our prepared remarks with updates on our long-term competitive position, strategic framework and execution.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Kent, and good morning, everyone. I will begin with a review of our fourth quarter and full year 2024 performance on Slide 5. In the fourth quarter, we reported net sales of $1.2 billion, which represented a year-over-year decline primarily due to lower lithium market pricing. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was $251 million, an increase year-over-year driven by improvements across all 3 businesses as well as reduced corporate costs. Note that last year's adjusted EBITDA included a $604 million lower of cost or market pretax charge. Earnings per share for the fourth quarter were $0.29. Adjusted earnings per share reflected a loss of $1.09, excluding gains on asset sales, reduced restructuring charges and discrete tax items. For the full year 2024, net sales were $5.4 billion, marking a year-over-year decrease primarily related to lower lithium pricing, partially offset by robust growth in lithium volumes. Full year EBITDA reached $1.1 billion, in line with our outlook considerations. Slide 6 shows the drivers of our year-over-year EBITDA performance. Our Q4 adjusted EBITDA of $251 million surpassed last year's result due to higher volumes, productivity and lower COGS. The EBITDA volume benefit was driven by higher volumes in specialties and the conclusion of the MARBL JV marketing agreement at the end of 2023. The COGS improvement was split between lower spodumene costs and reduced lower of cost or market adjustments. These benefits were partially offset by lower pricing and pretax equity income, mainly from reduced lithium and spodumene market prices. As Kent mentioned, adjusted EBITDA improved year-over-year in all 3 business segments, and we also reported lower corporate overhead costs. Moving to Slide 7. We present our outlook considerations for 2025. As we did last year, we are providing ranges of outcomes for our energy storage business based on recently observed lithium market pricing, including year-end 2024 market pricing of about $9 per kilogram lithium carbonate equivalent, or LCE, the first half 2024 range of $12 to $15 per kilogram LCE and the fourth quarter 2023 average of about $20 per kilogram LCE. Within each scenario, we have provided ranges based on expected volume and mix. We anticipate that energy storage volumes will be slightly higher year-over-year. All three scenarios reflect the results of assumed flat market pricing across the year in conjunction with Energy Storage's current book of business. These scenarios illustrate the improved stability of our Energy Storage business. Given our extensive resource positions worldwide and our cost and productivity actions, we can sustain margins even with lower year-over-year lithium pricing. Additionally, we have maintained significant operating leverage with potential to benefit if pricing increases. For example, if market pricing were to average $12 per kilogram LCE, similar to last year, we would expect to see margin improvement rising from the mid-20% range that we delivered in 2024 to the mid-30% range. Moving to Slide 8. We present modeling considerations for Specialties, Ketjen and Corporate. Specialties 2025 net sales are projected to be $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion with adjusted EBITDA of $210 million to $280 million. Ketjen's 2025 net sales are projected to be $1 billion to $1.1 billion with adjusted EBITDA of $120 million to $150 million. The Corporate outlook shows a planned decrease in capital expenditures, which are now expected to total $700 million to $800 million in 2025, down from $1.7 billion in 2024. Corporate costs in 2025 are expected to range between $70 million and $100 million. We are seeing the benefits of our nonmanufacturing cost improvements and the changes in our operating structure. Corporate costs in 2025 are expected to decrease year-over-year, excluding favorable FX and interest income in the prior year. Adding it all together, slide 9 presents Albemarle's comprehensive company roll-up for each energy storage market price scenario. Recall that the full year 2024 included approximately $100 million of pretax equity income from onetime additional offtake by our JV partner at Talison. Notably, assuming a consistent average lithium market price of $12 per kilogram LCE in 2025, we expect cost and productivity improvements to more than compensate for the reduced equity earnings. Turning to Slide 10 for additional outlook commentary by segment. For Energy Storage, we anticipate volumes to be slightly higher year-over-year primarily due to the ongoing ramp of the Salar yield improvement project in Chile. In addition, we continue to ramp our conversion sites, including Meishan and Kemerton, which helps improve fixed cost absorption and result in reduced tolling volumes. Last year, we indicated that about 2/3 of our lithium salts volumes were sold on contracts, including both long-term agreements with floors and other contracts. For 2025, we've indicated that 50% of our lithium salts volumes are sold on long-term agreements with floors. This number now excludes other contracts to help simplify modeling. Our contracts continue to perform, and we have no significant contract renewals this year. We continue to have additional sales on contracts with volume commitments, giving us greater confidence in our volume expectations for this year. We foresee a modest volume-led recovery in Specialties year-over-year driven by strength in pharma, autos and oilfield applications. Finally, in Ketjen, we expect modest improvements in 2025 results related to product mix, cost and productivity improvements and continued execution of our turnaround plan. Please refer to our appendix slides in the deck for additional modeling considerations across the enterprise. Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity metrics on Slide 11. We concluded the fourth quarter with available liquidity of $2.8 billion predominantly comprising $1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents and the full $1.5 billion available under our revolver. The measures we have implemented to enhance our cost structure and operational efficiency have also increased our financial flexibility. As a result of our proactive actions to reduce costs and optimize cash flow, we ended Q4 with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.6x, favorable to previous expectations. For additional information on covenants, please refer to the appendix. We have a single upcoming maturity, which is our EUR 372 million Euro notes at 1.125% 8 percent due in November of this year. Given the favorable rate, there is no immediate urgency to refinance, and we continue to evaluate our options for managing this maturity. Slide 12 shows our focus on execution and converting our earnings into cash, evident in improved operating cash flow conversion due to operational discipline and cash management. For 2024, operating cash conversion was 62%, surpassing our target of 50% and aligning with our long-term target range. This was driven by increased Talison dividends from higher Greenbushes sales volumes and inventory and cash management improvements across operations. Looking to 2025, we expect our cash dividends from Talison in the year to remain below historical averages as Talison completes the CGP3 project at the Greenbushes mine. Nonetheless, we expect operating cash flow conversion to exceed 80% in 2025, above our long-term target range, due to ongoing working capital improvements and a $350 million customer prepayment. This prepayment relates to a recently signed contract for delivery of spodumene and lithium salts over the next 5 years at market index prices. As you see here, our efforts to enhance operating cash flow and cash flow conversion are paying off. This focus is evident in our free cash flow expectations this year. We now have line of sight to breakeven free cash flow through new capacity ramp-ups, inventory management, bidding events, cost and productivity measures and other cash conversion enhancements. Turning to Slide 13. I will provide some comments on the current conditions of the lithium market. We are in the process of updating our longer-term supply-demand forecast in light of recent policy and market developments. We expect to provide a more comprehensive update with our first quarter results. Lithium remains crucial to the energy transition and the long-term drivers of our business remain strong. The global energy transition is undoubtedly progressing. It is a matter of when, not if. In 2024, electric vehicle registrations increased by 25% year-over-year. Sales reached a new quarterly record in Q4 with December achieving all-time highs for both BEVs and PHEVs. Sales are influenced by customer preferences and the availability and cost of different models. As early as next year, we anticipate that consumers will find EV prices comparable to those of internal combustion engine vehicles. Global battery costs have fallen below the critical $100 per kilowatt hour pack average, which supports the relative EV affordability. Plus, EVs represent only a portion of the broader picture. Grid storage demand is also performing exceptionally well, increasing by nearly 50% year-over-year in 2024 driven by installations in the United States and China. Grid storage demand now constitutes nearly 20% of global lithium demand, up from less than 5% a few years ago. On the supply side, there have been several announced curtailments both upstream and downstream. Nonintegrated hard rock conversion remains unprofitable and larger integrated producers are facing pressure. Our estimates of pressure on the global cost curve are unchanged. We think that at least 25% of the global resource cost curve is either at or below breakeven. Slide 14 details 2024 global EV growth by region. China's demand was the key global driver by far, with demand increasing 37% year-over-year driven by balanced subsidies for battery EVs and plug-in hybrids. China now represents about 65% of the market demand. Europe had the weakest demand due to reduced subsidies and economic challenges, but potential price cuts and emissions targets may boost growth in 2025. North America grew 14% year-over-year with U.S. trends improving due to more model availability and affordability. Overall, these trends reinforce confidence in the industry's long-term growth potential but continue to highlight that the regional dynamics are important factors to consider as the industry expands. I'll now hand it back to Kent.
Jerry Masters: Thank you, Neal. Moving on to Slide 15. I will discuss the major initiatives we are implementing to reset our cost structure. These measures will enable us to sustain our leadership position and be competitive across the cycle. Moving to Slide 16. It is essential to place our recent initiatives within the context of the measures we have been implementing over several quarters as we navigate the current business environment. This year, we are optimizing our conversion network, including new actions at Chengdu and Qinzhou, improving cost and efficiency with significant progress toward our $300 million to $400 million target for cost and productivity improvements, reducing capital expenditures as we refine our 2025 execution plans and enhancing financial flexibility. Taken together, we now have greater confidence in our ability to achieve breakeven free cash flow as early as this year at current price levels. Our initiatives are comprehensive and designed to sustain our long-term competitive advantages in response to market conditions. As the dynamic environment persists, we are continually adding to our list of potential actions so that we can adapt as necessary. Turning to Slide 17 for additional details. The shifting market underscores the need for a globally diversified conversion network with product flexibility. As previously mentioned, we are optimizing production from both our carbonate and hydroxide assets. achieving record production at the La Negra lithium carbonate plant in Chile and the Meishan lithium hydroxide plant in China. As we have reviewed our conversion network for improvement opportunities, we have made the decision to place our Chengdu plant on care and maintenance due to market conditions and shifting product mix. Chengdu is a relatively small plant with a capacity to produce approximately 5,000 tons of lithium hydroxide annually. We will continue to service those customers through the ramp of newer, larger plants in Chile, China and Australia. This approach will enable us to provide high-quality secure supply to our customers while driving network efficiencies and better leveraging our scale. Moreover, we have identified a highly capital-efficient project at Qinzhou to shift conversion capacity partially from hydroxide to carbonate in response to strong market demand. In Australia, performance of our Kemerton lithium hydroxide facility continues to improve, and the site recently commenced its first battery-grade commercial sales. On the resources front, we are focused on preserving and maximizing the value of our advantaged low-cost resources. The Salar yield improvement project has exceeded a 50% operating rate milestone and is progressing towards nameplate capacity. We are leveraging our brine expertise, for example, in hydro geological mapping, to maximize recoveries at every stage of the resource. At Greenbushes, CGP3 is expected to produce its first ore in the fourth quarter of 2025, providing additional feedstock for increased lithium salts volumes in 2026. The Talison team, together with our JV partners, has undertaken technical studies to optimize Greenbushes' operation over the life of the mine. Please refer to Slide 18 for more details on cost and capital considerations. We've achieved over 50% of the $300 million to $400 million cost improvement announced the last quarter as we moved quickly to execute on our plans. Our goal is to reach a full run rate by year-end, possibly sooner. Additionally, we're reducing 2025 capital expenditures by $100 million to $700 million to $800 million, down more than 50% from 2024. This result stems from a more detailed review of our projects. Full year 2025 CapEx will focus on core assets with priorities on health, safety, environmental improvements and cost reductions. Moving to Slide 19. The actions being taken are intended to preserve Albemarle's competitive advantages and position the company for long-term value creation as outlined by the strategic framework on Slide 20. Our strategic framework continues to guide how we operate Albemarle as we lead the world in transforming essential resources into critical ingredients for modern living. Our vision is still the same. We want to lead with impact and be purpose-driven. The markets we serve are unchanged. Both of our core businesses have enormous secular growth opportunities across mobility, energy, connectivity and health, including the energy transition, electrification, population growth and shifting demographics. I want to feature on that next row of boxes, which highlights our strategic and competitive advantages. And they're highlighted in more detail on Slide 21. First, our industry-leading resources are unmatched with large-scale, high-grade and therefore low-cost assets. This core advantage is enhanced through our innovation and advanced process chemistry capabilities. We've used this for growth in the past and now are increasingly aiming these capabilities toward cost savings and incremental growth opportunities. Customer centricity is key. We stay focused on both the customer and end user, integrating from the resource to the final product. Close collaboration with customers lets us understand market trends and technology shifts, allowing us to adapt in our dynamic markets. We continue to get positive feedback that our customers seek to work with Albemarle for our capabilities, scale and reach. Lastly, our commitment to people and planet stewardship is fundamental. It underscores our value proposition by supporting our team and promoting sustainability across all our business lines and in the communities where we operate. There is no question that while our strategic framework has not changed, our execution has certainly adapted. We have implemented several key initiatives to enhance our operational efficiency and agility. Our commitment to innovation is evident in the strategic investments we have made in research and development. We are exploring cutting-edge technologies and sustainable practices to ensure that we remain at the forefront of the industry. This includes developing next-generation polymeric flame retardants and optimizing lithium conversion to meet shifting market demand. Innovation is also core to preserving our resource advantage with projects like the Salar yield improvement project in Chile and an innovative process upgrade in Jordan that we call NEBO, both of which allow us to increase production more sustainably without incremental brine pumping. We're also driving out cost and reducing capital intensity. For example, by leveraging advanced data analytics and digital tools, we are improving our ability to monitor and optimize production processes in real time. Throughout these changes, we remain dedicated to safety, sustainability and operational excellence, aiming to create long-term value for our stakeholders while fostering a more sustainable future. In summary, on Slide 23, Albemarle delivered solid 2024 performance while acting decisively to preserve long-term growth optionality and maintain the company's industry-leading position through the cycle. Our full year 2025 company outlook considerations build on the progress we've made to drive enterprise-wide cost improvements, strong energy storage project ramps and contract performance. We are focusing on taking broad-based proactive steps to control what we can control and ensure we are competitive across the cycle. Albemarle remains a global leader, and I am confident we are taking the right actions to maintain our competitive position and to capitalize on the long-term secular opportunities in our markets. I look forward to seeing some of you face-to-face at upcoming events listed here on Slide 24. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Patrick Cunningham at Citi.
Patrick Cunningham: I guess my first question is on the contract mix. That remaining 50% piece not on long-term agreements, should we assume most of those follow spot mechanisms? And then was there any significant tranche of those long-term agreements that came up for renegotiation recently and had any respective reset in floors?
Jerry Masters: Yes. So your comment about the other 50% pretty much at index is -- that's a good assumption. And the shift that we've moved, I mean, we've reported previously that it was about 2/3 on contracts. So now we're reporting contracts only with floors. We had some long-term contracts that didn't have floors, and we pulled that out of that definition now. So that 50% has floors. I don't think we've had any we renegotiated in the near term recently or that have come up.
Patrick Cunningham: Understood. That's helpful. And if I'm reading the chart correctly, it seems like most of the CapEx reduction was CapEx previously devoted to the resource base. So where are you cutting back investments in resources? And given the current program, how quickly can you repossession and invest in additional brownfield to maybe support higher volume growth 2027 and beyond?
Jerry Masters: Yes. I'm not sure that's right. I mean, if you go back, I mean, the capital we pulled back a lot of it was conversion initially, and then we've gotten a little bit more focused, and we have pushed out on some resources and we're getting very focused on kind of the highest-quality, lowest-cost resources and we're not out pursuing as many resources as we were at one time. So I think the big piece, if you look at the capital that we've cut from our plans, a big piece of it was on conversion, at least initially. And then now we're getting a little bit more focused on operations, sustaining capital, and we have to cut back on resources as well. And I think, I mean, we've said a number of times that we can -- we think we can grow at 15% kind of a CAGR over a period from '22 to '27. And we start running out of the theme a little bit. So those growth rates come down after '27. And a lot of that -- most of that is about resource.
Operator: Our next question is from Rock Hoffman with Bank of America.
Rock Hoffman Blasko: Could your actions including cutting CapEx and placing Chengdu under care and maintenance influence the broader market? And how might your actions adjust further if pricing stays at the low end of the scenario analysis?
Jerry Masters: So I think you said do we think our actions at Chengdu will influence the market. So no, it's -- I don't think so. I mean, we're doing that because of market conditions and product mix. So we have an opportunity to shift some product from hydroxide to carbonate at Qinzhou. And Chengdu is one of our smallest facilities, which is why it's probably not that -- wouldn't influence the market that much. And then we make up that capacity because we're still ramping other larger assets at Xinyu, Qinzhou as a small investment and then Meishan and Kemerton as well.
Rock Hoffman Blasko: Got it. And would you be able to explain the wide range in the tax guide for 2025?
Neal Sheorey: This is Neal. Yes, so the wide range is really driven by the variety of scenarios that we have on the page or in the deck here. One of the reasons why we had kind of an odd tax rate in the fourth quarter and really in 2024 overall is that, as you've seen over the last few quarters, we've been reporting losses in a couple of jurisdictions where we took tax evaluation allowances. So therefore, we didn't get to recognize the tax credits in our tax expense line. Those two jurisdictions in particular are China and Australia, where we have some particulars that require us to take those tax valuation allowances. So why there's a wide variety on the tax ranges, it's really about where the lithium price is and that influence on our pretax income. Obviously, at the lower end of the range, what our guidance has said is go to a tax rate very similar to what we did in 2024. And if you're at the higher end of the range, you kind of come more to our run rate kind of statutory rate that we have based on our geographic mix.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank.
Apurva Kilambi: This is Apurva on for Ben. So you've discussed the line of sight to being free cash flow breakeven in 2025. So is that -- is achieving that really just the case of all the dominoes falling in place? Is there anything that could put this at risk beyond just pricing collapsing?
Jerry Masters: Well, I just -- we have to execute against our plan, right? So that is our plan to do that. We have to execute against that. And pricing would be one of those. But we have -- look, they're a pretty aggressive plans. You see the actions that we've taken. We think we've executed pretty well against it so far. So -- but we just need to execute to accomplish that.
Apurva Kilambi: Perfect. And then as a follow-up, at this stage, with all of the kind of revised plans that you've laid out, do you foresee any need for a capital raise in 2025? And if so, is there any sense of what magnitude or what form that could look like? I know last year, you folks did the preferred convertibles. Is that kind of no longer in the picture given all of these actions that you've planned?
Jerry Masters: Yes. So we're taking all these actions so we don't do that, right? So -- and we are -- again, that we have to execute against that but we see ourselves being free cash flow positive through the year, and we don't have plans to do an equity raise.
Operator: Our next question is from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Kent, on your realized lithium prices in Q4, what was the difference in spread between your spot sales and your contract sales?
Jerry Masters: So we don't normally report on the exact pricing and particularly on our contract piece. So I'm going to decline to respond to that.
David Begleiter: Understood. I believe back in Q4, you were saying that roughly 10% to 12% of global lithium supply was shut down and curtailed due to lower prices. Is that still a good estimate? Or has it moved up since then?
Jerry Masters: Yes. So I think we were saying about 25%, we believe, is underwater. And we still think that's the case.
David Begleiter: But how much is actually curtailed or shut down?
Jerry Masters: Yes. So probably about -- it's about half of that 25%, I would say. And I think that both those numbers still hold.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: On Slide 7, where you provide different scenarios, is the meaning of this slide that you're -- if there were no change in lithium prices today, the energy storage adjusted EBITDA would be between $0.6 billion and $0.7 billion? Or because of your contract prices, it's more complicated than that?
Neal Sheorey: Jeff, this is Neal. I think my answer is probably going to be towards the latter part of how you described it that, look, the prices that you see at the top of that slide are observed market prices, not our price -- what our realized prices are but market prices. The numbers below that then is if you take those market prices and move that through our book of business, you get these kinds of EBITDA ranges.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. Great. And then what you do on the right-hand column is you have some assumption, and you say we assume spodumene market pricing average is 10% of the LCE price. But aren't spodumene prices already below that? And you say you assume full Talison sales volumes. Are you currently receiving full Talison sales volumes? And what does that mean? What has to happen for you to receive full Talison sales volume?
Neal Sheorey: Yes, Jeff, let me take the second one. What we mean by full Talison sales volumes is that all the partners at Talison are taking their full allocation. That is the assumption that we've made. That hasn't always been the case if you go back over the years, but our assumption going forward is that's the case. As -- where I sit right now promptly is that is also the case right now. We're taking our full allocation in this environment. With regards to the spodumene average of 10% of LCE price, look, to your point, it has moved around over time, anywhere from -- in the 5% to 10% kind of range. So what we wanted to do was at least just put a mark in, in terms of how we've done these considerations, and we picked 10% because that was something that we sort of recently observed in 2024. But to your point, it can and it does shift around with the market dynamics.
Operator: Our next question is from John Roberts at Mizuho.
John Ezekiel Roberts: I believe IGO guided for essentially flat 2025 volume at Greenbushes. Can you confirm that? And then where is your growth, the 5% to 10% growth for 2025 coming from?
Eric Norris: John, it's Eric. That's correct. CGP2 was fully utilized, which was the last expansion at Talison in 2024. CGP2 does not come on until the very end of this year. So there is no growth capacity at Talison until that comes on. That's sort of the, as you know and appreciate the lumpy nature of bringing on capacity. Our 0% to 10% guidance on growth is all coming out of Chile, where the Salar yield project continues to ramp and drives debottlenecking effectively over the La Negra plant to march towards nameplate.
John Ezekiel Roberts: And then on Slide 18, you're targeting sustaining CapEx of 4% to 6%. Is the percent of sales the right way to think about targeting sustaining CapEx given the volatility that you get in pricing?
Jerry Masters: Yes. So we -- that's the right point. So we -- and we say that on a stabilized market, right? So -- and it's aspirational at the moment for us because we're not there, but we're also at what we think is the bottom of the market. So it's a good benchmark. We say a mid-cycle pricing is where we go to that. We're not at that level today. We still have some work to do around that. But we're getting focused on it and we wanted to have a benchmark out there that we can aim at.
Operator: Our next question is from Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. .
Joel Jackson: I want to follow up a little bit on Ben's associate's prior question. So can you talk about what -- if you go to 2026, how much of the half of your sales here that are contracted floors? Do we expect the floors have to be negotiated? And how do you think about the balance sheet leverage if spot prices stick around where they are and we are renegotiating floors for 2026?
Jerry Masters: Yes. So look, we provided guidance for '25, not '26. But the way our contracts work is they don't -- and they don't usually end and then get renegotiated. They get adjusted over time as our customer wants something, we want something, they have adjusted. That's how they worked over time. And we expect that to happen. You see our portfolio of contracts has become a little bit more spot oriented in the recent past. That's because China is the biggest market. It's a spot market. It's growing. We've got new capacity coming on there with Meishan ramping. So that's really why that has shifted. Our contracts simply don't just come to an end. We negotiate terms somewhere along that and extend them out a year or two, and we've done that over time. And I suspect that's how it's going to play out going forward.
Joel Jackson: Okay. And then talking about 0.25% -- in your estimates 0.25% of lithium supply is underwater, maybe half of that's curtailed. We just -- it seems like CATL is bringing back lepidolite production in the last bunch of weeks. There's some maybe some rational behavior going on, although those mines are downstream with cathode and the battery. So I mean it seems like there are actors in this industry that are maybe manipulating price, maybe don't have the same objectives as Albemarle and other public companies. I mean, how do you act in this market? And is there any hope for material recovery if such behavior by such actors continue?
Jerry Masters: Okay. So I don't know if I can comment on all of that. I would say that we're pretty focused on making sure we can compete at the bottom of the cycle. And so when you see us taking actions and have targeted at that. So the capital that we pulled back on our growth to reduce capital as a result of that, driving cost out of the business, getting more focused on cost, not as much on growth and making sure that we can compete at that cycle and then pivot when the market comes back to take advantage of more growth and higher prices. So that's the approach that we're taking.
Operator: Our next question is from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: I wanted to follow up on the $350 million customer prepayment. And just a clarifying question to start off with, which would be, I assume that's included when you talk about the 80% conversion as well as being free cash flow neutral this year. I assume you're including the $350 million. And all else equal then, does that mean next year cash flow would be $350 million less?
Neal Sheorey: So Vincent, on the -- this is Neal. On the first part of your question, you are correct. So the $350 million is included in our cash conversion number of 80% for 2025. And with regards to looking over to 2026, let me just give you maybe two things to think about here. You are correct that, that $350 million won't recur again in 2026. But also remember that there are a lot of other things from a cash standpoint that will actually start to benefit us in 2026 and beyond. One of the key ones that I'll point out is that from a Talison JV perspective, right now they're obviously going through a large investment program. That program is going to be done at the end of this year. So we would expect, even in this low environment, as you would expect, Talison is a very competitive asset. So we would expect a return to dividend payouts from the JV as we get into 2026.
Vincent Andrews: And then just as a follow-up on your cash flow statement, for starters, thank you for the increased disclosure on working capital. But I have a reconciliation question. You have a new line item that says inventory net realizable value adjustment. And this year, it's a negative $500 million. Last year, it was a positive $604 million. So I'm just wondering, does that line reconcile somewhere else within cash flow from operations? Or what is that? Or any more detail you can provide would be helpful.
Neal Sheorey: Yes. So that line, Vincent, is predominantly going to be a reflection of the lower of cost or market adjustment that we took in fourth quarter of 2023. And so that's why you see those adjustments, and so that's the best -- the most of that line is related to that.
Operator: Our next question is from Aleksey Yefremov from KeyBanc.
Aleksey Yefremov: If you look at your CapEx, you're talking about maintenance level. Assuming market prices don't change, can you get to that maintenance level in 2026? And would you be willing to do so under these conditions?
Jerry Masters: Yes. So I'm not going to make a commitment for capital for '26. But those are -- our aspirations is that we want to get to like maintenance capital at that particular level. So we still have in our capital opportunity -- growth opportunities, say, growth or cost saving opportunities, smaller investments. So the Qinzhou investment that we talked about on the call is a good example of that, low single-digit millions of dollars. We were able to shift from hydroxide to carbonate about 10,000 tons a year. So that -- and that's great return project and pretty low capital. So we continue to look for those. Those tend to be more focused on cost savings now and maybe incremental growth, like what we're doing at Qinzhou. But the 4% to 6% at mid-cycle, that's an aspiration that we work to, and we continue to focus to try and drive to that. Whether we get there in '26 or not, we've not laid out plans in that detail for '26, so I can't answer that.
Aleksey Yefremov: And on CGP3, it's an important project for your cash flow this year and next year especially. Any comments on risk assessment for delays, cost overruns, that kind of thing? Like how is the project going from your point of view?
Jerry Masters: Yes. I think we're on schedule and around budget. I don't know exactly whether we're right on budget or not, but it's pretty close from a budget and a schedule perspective.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin McCarthy at Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Kent, you talked a little bit about the grid storage growth in your prepared remarks. Can you comment on your outlook for 2025 in that end market? And is your share in grid storage higher or lower or about the same as it is in your customers in the EV arena?
Jerry Masters: Yes. So the grid storage has been one that's been a positive surprise for us for a few years now as it's been growing. I think it was up almost 50% this year. And we anticipate that continuing to grow. And a couple of years ago, we probably would have thought lithium may not be the best solution for grid storage, but I think the way battery costs have come down and the popularity of LFP, it looks like grid storage is going to be lithium-based and LFP-based going forward. So it's a good opportunity. And it's on -- it's kind of, I think, everywhere. So the U.S. is starting to play out. You see that in Europe, and then China has been really strong around that. So it's a positive. It's a bright spot and it's offset a little bit of the little less growth that we saw in EVs and some of the shifts between plug-in hybrids and BEVs as well. So it's covered that and build in nicely.
Eric Norris: And Kevin, as for the market share, first of all, it's largely an LFP market. So if you look at our share in LFP on EVs, PHEVs, et cetera, can be similar to our share in grid storage. It's the same companies. It's deepened back into the supply chain that are providing the cathode and battery materials into that. So that's what determines our share of those relationships, not necessarily the end markets.
Kevin McCarthy: Understood. And then secondly, if I may, Kent, as the tariff regimes continue to evolve here. Are you managing the company any differently today than you were last year as it relates specifically to tariffs?
Jerry Masters: So are we managing the company differently? Look, we're paying very close attention to see what happened. It's evolving. I'm not sure, no one knows exactly what the final impact will be. But the direct impact on Albemarle is not going to be that significant. I mean, we're not -- we don't ship from China to the U.S., I mean, significantly. There is some, but it's not a big part of our business. It will impact our customers more than it will impact us directly. So the knock-on effect of us is some -- is what we're really paying attention to.
Operator: Our next question is from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: So a couple of questions. First, on Energy Storage, how much of your capacity is under long-term contract compared to the EV market?
Jerry Masters: Laurence, I'm sorry, you said -- that was a fixed storage question?
Laurence Alexander: The Energy Storage side of your business, how much of that is under long-term contract? .
Jerry Masters: It's about 50%.
Eric Norris: Yes, it's the same, Laurence. Yes, the other 50% -- we talked about 50% being under floor-based contracts. The 50% that's not is the pricing mechanism of spot in the contracts. It's a mix of contracts that are shorter in duration and spot.
Jerry Masters: Okay. Sorry. Just to clarify there. So what we -- when we said the 50%, so those are long-term agreements, and we have floors on those agreements. There are some other longer-term agreements, we don't have floors. So we're now categorizing that in the same category as spot.
Laurence Alexander: Okay. Perfect. For the $350 million of cash inflows, just to be clear, if -- would the net effect be that the EBITDA related to that would show up in 2026 or '27 but then the cash conversion suffers? Or is there also an EBITDA -- is there also an impact on the EBITDA bridge?
Neal Sheorey: Yes. Laurence, I think you're circling on kind of the right mechanism here. So we have taken the prepayment upfront and already received it here in the first quarter. You'll see that with our first quarter results. And then we satisfy our obligation through product deliveries over actually the next 5 years. So -- and that's at prices that are indexed to market. So you are right. We will then recognize EBITDA in increments as we make those deliveries, but it is over the course of the next 5 years.
Operator: Our next question is from David Deckelbaum at TD Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: I was hoping to follow up just on the plans at Qinzhou to convert some of the capacity to carbonate versus hydroxide, mainly just being is this decision really just to capture the discrepancy in margin? Or do you have very differentiated views now over time on just the appetite for hydroxide? Are you seeing customer resistance for hydroxide volumes in the market and then you're seeing this pivot as a necessity to sell product at this point? And are there further plans? Should we expect further plans to pursue more conversion from hydroxide to carbonate?
Jerry Masters: Yes. So look, it is -- I mean, the hydroxide, there's a market hydroxide, it's growing. Carbonate is growing faster. So there's a stronger demand for carbonate. And this was kind of a unique opportunity for us because the plant was designed in this way. And we had -- there's a few things we have to execute against to take advantage of that. It's very small capital, as I said before. It's low single-digit millions in order to make that shift. It gives us more flexibility in the market. The market is stronger around carbonate now, so we can take advantage of that. Over time, we can shift this back either way. Once we make this investment, we'll be able to go -- we could go back to hydroxide if we wanted to or stay on carbonate. At the moment, it makes more sense to be on carbonate. It's about the market and the fact that this was designed in upfront, and we had to kind of finish some work in order to leverage the capability.
David Deckelbaum: If beyond sort of this year and the next you wanted to lean more heavily into carbonate, is there tolling capacity available in China that would enable you to do that? Or would that have to be a more significant investment on your part?
Jerry Masters: No, there's tolling capacity that's available and that -- we've taken advantage of that in the past, and it gives us flexibility in our supply chain. And then the growth you see from us in Chile as well at La Negra has allowed us to grow with that market, particularly around kind of on the back of the work at La Negra, but particularly Salar yield in the Salar.
Operator: Our next question is from Benjamin Kallo with Baird.
Ben Kallo: I wanted to follow up to an earlier question and maybe frame it just slightly different. There's capacity coming off-line, utilization going down and demand going up for EVs even at a slower rate than maybe we predicted a couple of years ago. At the same time, with all of that happening, which should indicate prices going up, prices have been coming down. So can you talk to anything to help us understand what that is and then anything that would change that? And then my follow-up question is, I do see a lot of reports around recycling in China. It seems like that's becoming a bigger industry there. I'm just wondering your thoughts around the impact of that on pricing as well.
Jerry Masters: Yes. So there are a lot of moving pieces in your question, but also in the market, right? So it is -- I mean, there's capacity that has come off, higher cost capacity. There is new capacity that has come on. There's excess conversion that sits in China as well. And then the recycling part. I mean, recycling has been growing over time. We actually -- with prices come down, we've seen recycling drop off a little bit in China because it's just not economic given where prices are for new material. All of that is going to work its way -- has to work its way through the system. It's a dynamic market. It's hard to say. But I would anticipate higher cost assets coming out, particularly. We've got -- we're still growing. This market is still growing 20% plus, right? So it's just not quite as high growth rates as we had anticipated, but it is still growing significantly. And China is the main driver of that, but North America and Europe are kind of coming from there. So there's going to be growth in this market for a long period of time. Capacity comes on in chunks and you get an imbalance, prices are going to be down. I don't know if I can explain it more than that. It's a very opaque market and particularly because a lot of it happens in China, but it is -- it relies basically on the supply/demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Spector with UBS.
Joshua Spector: I wanted to just ask on the prepayment that you got. Is there any requirement there to make further investments or some preemptive expectation around CapEx spending? Or was that just something you decided to do given your needs for cash and the customer focus on volumes?
Neal Sheorey: Yes. Josh. No, there's no further requirement on our side. We have everything we need to be able to satisfy that contract. And I would just say the last part of what you said, I'd say it a little bit differently. We have discussions with customers all the time. We've done these kind of prepayments actually in the past, and this was just a unique opportunity that came across our desk. And it was one that we went after. So I think it's just a sign of how we work with our partners in many different ways.
Joshua Spector: Understood. And I guess just to follow up on some prior questions, so specifically with the CATL restart, I've heard some mixed things around supply maybe being temporarily tighter versus their cost being more in line, I guess, closer to where the market prices have moved towards driving their restart. Do you guys have any view internally about why that's happening against the low price environment?
Jerry Masters: No. Look, I would say, I mean, look, we'd modeled more lepidolite coming in. So we weren't exactly targeting this particular asset, be the one that came back on. But we had lepidolite volume. China it's a strong market. It's growing. They're short of resource, not surprising. They're trying to get more domestic resource. So I think it's -- I think it's no more complicated than that.
Operator: Our last question comes from Andres Castanos from Berenberg.
Andres Castanos-Mollor: Of the 2025 lithium volumes, how much of it would be spodumene sales and how much would be lithium salts sales? Are there any significant tolling volumes left?
Jerry Masters: So I don't have that split, but it's mostly salt, right? There's -- the spodumene sales that we do are really more for transparency in the market, understanding that. We do sell some of that, other than we've shifted a little bit from a prepaid perspective. There's spodumene in that. There's not a lot of that in '25.
Eric Norris: Yes. It's under 10%, 15% of total LCEs this year roughly in that order of magnitude. It's basically the production coming out of Wodgina.
Operator: Thank you. That's all the time we have for questions. I will now pass it back to Kent Masters for closing remarks.
Jerry Masters: Okay. Thank you, operator. In conclusion, Albemarle's strong operational execution and strategic framework have positioned us to successfully navigate dynamic market conditions and maintain our long-term competitive edge. We are dedicated to delivering value for our stakeholders and driving sustainable growth. Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to continuing on our journey together. Stay safe and take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Albemarle Corporation's Q3 2024 earnings call. We ask that you please hold all questions until the completion of the formal remarks, at which time you will be given instructions for the question and answer session. Also, as a reminder, this conference is being recorded today. I will now turn the call over to Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability.
Meredith Bandy: Thank you, and welcome everyone to Albemarle's third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the market yesterday, and you will find the press release and earnings presentation posted to our website under the investor section at Albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer, and Neal Sheorey, Chief Financial Officer. Netha Johnson, Chief Operations Officer, and Eric Norris, Chief Commercial Officer, are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including our outlook, guidance, expected company performance, and strategic initiatives, may constitute forward-looking statements. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation, which also applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations can be found in our earnings material. And now I will turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thank you, Meredith. During the third quarter, Albemarle continued to demonstrate solid operational execution, delivering volumetric growth in energy storage and specialties, year-over-year EBITDA growth in specialties and kitchen, strong operating cash conversion of over 100%, and leverage metrics well below our covenant limits. We also continued to progress our cost improvement plans, further ramp our new facilities, and deliver higher volumes. As a result, we are maintaining our full-year 2024 corporate outlook considerations. In a few moments, Neal will give more detail on our third quarter performance, key results, and actions we are taking to preserve our financial flexibility. My focus today will be on addressing the outcomes that we are now driving as a result of the comprehensive cost and operating structure review we progressed over the past few months. In conjunction with this review, we are implementing a new operating structure, transitioning to a fully integrated functional model designed to deliver significant cost savings and maintain long-term competitiveness. We are targeting $300 to $400 million of further cost and productivity improvements by eliminating redundancies, reducing management layers, and optimizing manufacturing costs. These savings are due in part to the difficult but necessary decision to reduce our global workforce by an additional 6% to 7%. In total, we have eliminated nearly 1,000 roles, including all the actions announced this year. We also are now driving a year-over-year reduction in our full-year 2025 capital expenditures by at least $800 million or about 50%, with a disciplined focus on critical health, safety, environmental, and site maintenance and a phased approach to maintaining our world-class resource base. We are confident these actions are the right steps to adapt to market conditions while serving our customers and pursuing long-term value creation. I will have more to say about our cost-out and productivity plans later on the call. I will now hand it over to Neal to discuss our financial results during the quarter.
Neal Sheorey: Thanks, Kent, and good morning, everyone. Beginning on slide five, I will summarize our third quarter performance. We recorded net sales of $1.4 billion compared to $2.3 billion in the prior year quarter, a decline of 41% driven principally by lower pricing, particularly for lithium. During the quarter, we recorded a loss attributable to Albemarle of $1.1 billion and a diluted loss per share of $9.45. Adjusted diluted loss per share was $1.55. Our GAAP result included a pretax charge of $861 million related to capital project asset write-offs at Kemerton 3, and putting Cameron 2 into care and maintenance, of which about 10% is cash outflow in the second half of the year. This charge was below our initial estimate that we provided on the last earnings call of $900 million to $1.1 billion. Turning to Slide six, our third quarter adjusted EBITDA of $211 million was lower than the prior year period, also primarily due to lower lithium pricing. This was partially offset by lower cost of goods sold primarily related to reduced spodumene pricing. Other positives include higher volumes in energy storage related to delivery of our growth projects, and in specialties related to stronger end market demand. Our cost and efficiency initiatives also provided productivity which more than offset inflation. Looking at adjusted EBITDA by operating segment, we saw improved year-over-year profitability in specialties, due to productivity improvements and better end market demand. Catch in EBITDA also improved year-over-year as we continue to execute our turnaround plan during the quarter. Moving to slide seven, as Kent mentioned, we are maintaining our full-year 2024 outlook considerations thanks to the execution of cost and productivity improvements, continued strong volume growth, including higher sales volumes at Artalison JV, and contract performance in energy storage. As a reminder, these scenarios are based on historically observed lithium market pricing, and represent a blend of relevant market prices including both China and ex-China pricing, for lithium carbonate, and lithium hydroxide. Turning to slide eight for additional commentary on outlook, we expect corporate full-year 2024 net sales to be near the lower end of the $12 to $15 per kilogram scenario primarily due to weaker second-half pricing for lithium, offset by contract performance. Full-year 2024 adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in the middle of that same scenario range thanks to successful cost-cutting and productivity improvements. In energy storage, we now expect full-year volume growth to be more than 20% year-over-year, as we have continued to benefit from solid demand particularly in China, and ongoing ramps of our new facilities. Fourth-quarter volumes are expected to be down sequentially primarily due to timing of spodumene sales volumes, reduced tolling, and planned outages. Margins are expected to be slightly higher sequentially as the benefit of lower-priced spodumene in cost of goods sold offsets the impact of unabsorbed fixed costs as our new plants continue to ramp. At both specialties and kitchen, we continue to expect modest sequential improvements in the fourth quarter, thanks to better end market conditions and productivity benefits. Please refer to our appendix slides in the deck for additional modeling considerations across the enterprise. Moving to our balance sheet and liquidity metrics on slide nine, we ended the third quarter with available liquidity of $3.4 billion, including $1.7 billion of cash and cash equivalents and the full $1.5 billion available under our revolver. Actions we have taken to improve our cost structure and enhance operational efficiency have also provided enhanced financial flexibility. Thanks to our successful actions to reduce costs and optimize cash flow, we ended Q3 with net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 3.5 times, or two turns below the covenant limit in the quarter. To navigate market conditions, we took proactive measures in the quarter around our covenant waiver. The outcome of our action is shown on slide ten. In October, we proactively extended our covenant waiver through the third quarter of 2026 and reshaped it to ensure we have the financial flexibility needed as we execute our new operating structure and cost reduction actions. Moving forward, our goal remains to stay well within these limits through solid financial and operational execution, as we have shown throughout 2024. Slide eleven highlights our execution focus which is demonstrated by the continued improvement in our operating cash flow as a result of operational discipline and cash management actions. Our operating cash flow conversion defined as operating cash flow as a percent of adjusted EBITDA, was greater than 100% in the third quarter, primarily due to timing and management of working capital. We continue to expect full-year operating cash conversion to be approximately 50%, at the higher end of our historical range and above our expectations at the beginning of the year. This is driven by increased Talisin dividends with higher sales volumes at green bushes, and working capital improvements, including a significant focus on inventory and cash management across our operations. This means that we expect fourth-quarter cash conversion to be lower than recent quarters due in part to cash outflows associated with the workforce reductions we announced today as well as the timing of JV dividends. As a reminder, we account for our 49% interest in the Taliesin JV via the Equity method. Therefore, the impact to cash flows is in dividends received. As we have said before, we expect dividends to be lower than normal year, and into 2025 as Taliesin completes the CGP3 capital project at the Greenbushes mine. I'm pleased to see that our efforts to improve operating cash flow conversion are yielding results. We will continue driving toward free cash flow breakeven through our ongoing ramp of new capacity, inventory management, bidding events, cost out and productivity measures, and other cash conversion improvements. Turning to slide twelve, we will provide a few comments on current lithium market conditions, which have shown some positive signs. On the supply side, there have been several announced upstream and downstream curtailments. Non-integrated hard rock conversion is unprofitable, and larger integrated producers are under pressure. We estimate that at least 25% of the global resource cost curve is unprofitable or operating at a loss. On the demand side, grid storage demand continues to surprise to the upside, up 36% year-to-date led by installations in the US and China. Global electric vehicle registrations are up 23% year-to-date, led by China, and demand growth in the United States is also up double digits. Slide thirteen breaks down global EV demand growth by region. China represents 60% of the overall EV market with continued strong year-to-date demand growth of more than 30% in line to slightly ahead of initial expectations. In terms of demand mix, we have seen stronger growth in plug-in hybrid sales in China, as current subsidies are more balanced between battery EVs and plug-in hybrids. Chinese plug-in hybrids include range-extended vehicles with battery sizes somewhere between traditional battery EVs and plug-in hybrids. Meanwhile, the softest demand region globally is Europe, where EV sales growth is down slightly year-to-date due to reduced subsidies and weaker economic conditions. Potential price cuts and the drive toward EU emission targets represent rebound opportunities in 2025. North American sales are up 13% year-to-date, far stronger than suggested by recent headlines. US EV sales trends have strengthened in the back half of the year benefiting from increased model availability, and affordability. Looking further out on slide fourteen, longer term, we continue to expect lithium demand growth to expand by 2.5 times from 2024 to 2030. The global energy transition remains well underway, supported by consumer preferences, government policies, and technological advancements. From an affordability perspective, the global EV supply chain is on track to achieve the critical $100 per kilowatt hour tipping point, where EVs are at purchase price parity with ICE vehicles. The Chinese industry has likely surpassed that target with the rest of the world not far behind. Overall, these trends continue to reinforce our belief in the long-term growth potential of the industry. With that, I will now hand it back to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Neal. Turning to slide fifteen, I will cover the significant yet necessary actions we are taking to re-baseline our cost structure while allowing us to maintain our leadership position and preserve future growth. Let me start with our new operating structure on slide sixteen. Over the past several months, we have evaluated multiple models, balancing cost with an agile go-to-market approach. Following this review, we announced a new operating structure transitioning to a fully integrated functional model to deliver significant cost savings and maintain our long-term competitiveness. This slide shows our leadership team with several title and role changes to reflect our new structure. From a financial reporting perspective, we will continue to report across our three segments of energy storage, specialties, and kitchen. Our fully integrated organizational structure is designed to flex with the complexities of our markets and to strengthen our core capabilities in a cost-effective way to maintain our leadership position. Turning to slide seventeen, it's important to put our latest actions in context of the series of self-help steps we have been progressing for several months as we navigate the current business environment. Albemarle continues to act urgently across four key areas: optimizing our conversion network, improving cost and efficiency, reducing capital expenditures, and enhancing financial flexibility. Our actions are broad-based and designed to maintain our long-term competitive advantage in light of market conditions. And given the dynamic environment we continue to face, we are always adding to our list of potential actions so that we are ready to pivot as necessary. I'm confident in the team's ability to deliver these improvements based on our performance to date. We highlight that on slide eighteen. Here is a summary of our progress on the cost savings and cash flow initiatives introduced in January and July of this year, as well as the additional actions we are announcing today. All these programs are in execution, and the January and July actions are on track or ahead of plan, demonstrating our sharp focus on operational efficiency and proven ability to execute. Regarding the $300 million to $400 million of cost improvements we announced today, we expect to achieve a $40 million to $50 million run rate by the end of this year. Additionally, we plan to reduce our 2025 CapEx to between $800 million and $900 million, down about 50% versus 2024. How we got to these cost-out and CapEx targets was through rigorous analytics that involved a combination of robust peer benchmarking and bottoms-up project planning to estimate target savings. Over the quarter, we analyzed spend across three categories: non-manufacturing costs, specifically SG&A and R&D, manufacturing cost, and capital expenditures. Our levers to deliver the non-manufacturing and manufacturing cost and productivity savings are detailed on slide nineteen. Our total cost-out opportunity of $300 million to $400 million includes approximately $150 million in manufacturing opportunity split between cost reductions, like energy and maintenance efficiencies, and increased volume through plant ramps, yield improvements, and other areas. The $150 million to $250 million of non-manufacturing cost improvement follows a robust benchmarking review with the assistance of a third-party consultant. We evaluated and analyzed our non-manufacturing cost structure against like-sized peers in lithium and other related industries like specialty chemicals and mining. The biggest driver of these non-manufacturing savings is the change to our operating structure. The integrated model we made effective November first allows us to consolidate activities and reduce duplicative work, optimizing management layers, and increasing efficiency. Other key drivers include shifting more activities to established hubs and low-cost jurisdictions and leveraging technology to reduce manual work. We will continue to internally track our actions and progress through an established program management office, which will be laser-focused on these initiatives and leveraging our ability to execute. Slide twenty breaks down the third leg of our work, which is the reduction of our 2025 capital expenditures by more than $800 million versus 2024. Overall, we are targeting sustaining CapEx of 4% to 6% of net sales, in line with historical performance and specialty chemical averages. Though we have pulled down our spending, we will continue to invest in critical health, safety, environmental, and site maintenance projects. Through our disciplined capital allocation, we will maintain our industry-leading resource base at a phased manner. Additional growth capital will be limited to primarily high-return brownfield expansions and productivity improvements. Moving to slide twenty-one, the actions we are taking are designed to maintain Albemarle's significant competitive advantages and position us for long-term value creation, which is encapsulated by our strategic framework shown on slide twenty-three. Our strategy is unchanged but as always, we will adjust our execution to pivot and pace with the dynamic markets we serve. Our strategic framework continues to guide how we operate Albemarle as we lead the world in transforming essential resources into critical ingredients. The resources we provide play a critical role in areas where a compelling long-term growth profile. And we have competitive strengths that will allow us to navigate the environment highlighted in more detail on slide twenty-three. First, our world-class resources are arguably the best in the industry, with large-scale, high-grade, and therefore low-cost assets. In energy storage, we have access to some of the highest-grade resources in both Hard Rock in Australia and brine in Chile. Similarly, in specialties, we are the only producer with access to both tier-one bromine resources globally in Jordan and the United States. Second, our leading process chemistry know-how is key to achieving further productivity and cost improvements, safely and sustainably. At both the Salar and Magnolia, we have evaluated a wide range of direct lithium extraction options and are piloting solutions. Third, we have a pipeline of high-impact innovative in both bromine and lithium. Our research testing, and piloting facilities in North Carolina, Louisiana, and Germany allow us to participate in differentiated high-margin segments and support our customer-specific requirements. Fourth, Albemarle's leading industry position as a partner of choice is demonstrated through our partnerships with iconic pioneering companies. Both our businesses have high net promoter scores with significantly positive gaps relative to competitors, reflecting long-standing successful relationships with major customers. And we are increasingly recognized for the good work we do and the good that our work is doing. For example, we were recently named as one of the world's best companies by Time, demonstrating our commitment to creating a more resilient world and advancing the sustainability objectives of our customers. In summary, on slide twenty-four, Albemarle delivered another solid performance in the third quarter, including higher volumes in energy storage and specialties, and year-over-year improvements and adjusted EBITDA for specialties and kitchen. We've maintained our full-year 2024 outlook considerations thanks in part to enterprise-wide cost improvements, strong energy storage project ramps, and contract performance. We are focused on taking broad-based proactive steps to control what we can control and ensure we are competitive across the cycle. Albemarle remains a global leader with a world-class portfolio and vertical integration strength. I am confident we are taking the right actions to maintain our competitive position and to capitalize on the incredible long-term opportunity in our markets. I look forward to seeing some of you face-to-face at upcoming events listed here on slide twenty-five. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion.
Operator: We will now move to our Q&A portion. If you would like to ask a question, please press star five to raise your hand. Our first question is from Aleksey Yefremov from KeyBanc. Aleksey, your line is open.
Kent Masters: Thanks. Good morning.
Neal Sheorey: Was lower fixed cost next year and some volume growth, can you keep your EBITDA at least flat if prices do not change? Or do you expect an increase or decline? So I okay. So that's a 2025 question as we go into a total and to be clear, we are not we are not gonna give an outlook for 2025 on this, but we can give you some kind of puts and takes off 2024. Neil, you wanna take that.
Neal Sheorey: Yeah. Sure. Good morning, Alexei. So, yeah, just a we're we're obviously working through our 2025 outlook right now, so it's a little premature for for us to talk about that. We'll talk about that on the next earnings call. But just to give you a couple of puts and takes here, so obviously, where pricing is today, that's something something that you can observe and and relative to the lower end of our guidance range today, we're probably 20% to 25% market pricing is below the average that we have achieved in in 2024. And so you can kinda build that if you if you assume today's prices kinda roll into next for in terms of a headwind for pricing. I'd also point you to all remember that in Q2, we had a bump up in our equity earnings from the Taliesin JV because we had an unusually high offtake by our partner at the JV and so we had about a $100 million uplift in the second quarter, and I do not expect that to repeat in 2025 as well. Now on the opposite side of that, is, as you mentioned, our fixed cost, we you should expect our fixed costs are gonna come down. We've, had the actions that we've announced today, the $300 to $400 million of cost and productivity action. We expect at the end of this year that we'll be at that 40% to 50% run rate. So that is savings that you can start to build into 2025 and, of course, we'll continue to build on those savings as we go through the through the year. And then, of course, we're also still ramping our our plants. Especially in the lithium business. And so you should you should expect that our fixed assets are are gonna continue to ramp as we go through 2025. So just a few puts and takes to think about things as you go through through 2025.
Kent Masters: And, Neil, I I need to follow-up on the on on the last point, you you cut your CapEx for 2025. How how is it affecting your your volumes next year? And and if you can provide any comments about volume growth right here in lithium.
Neal Sheorey: Yes. I do not I mean, the CapEx cuts were doing now won't impact volume our forecast for volume for next year. Those are it's adds further out and then us getting just tighter. On our CapEx program. So we're we're still we look at I think we previously talked about 20% growth through 2027. Some of the CapEx cuts we've done in taking some volume out, that's probably 15% CAGR through 2027. So that it's a little bit but it's longer term. It's not so much in 2025. Yeah. And, Alexei, maybe just to to pile on to that. The growth that I'm talking about for 2025 is is obviously driven by assets that are already built and and continuing to ramp. So, like, the Salar yield improvement project, Maishan in China, and will continue to ramp in 2025.
Operator: Our next question is from John Roberts with Mizuho. John, your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you. On slide eight in that fourth quarter improved margin guidance for energy storage, what are you assuming for Talos and equity income in the fourth quarter? And what's the Talis and CapEx for 2024 and 2025?
Neal Sheorey: Yeah. So, John, this is Neil again. So when you think about equity income for next quarter, I think your assumption should be I mean, basically, spod pricing has been pretty flattish if you look at third quarter into into fourth quarter. So I think you should think about something kind of similar to what we've experienced in the in the third quarter, all things being equal. And then I think the second part of your question can you repeat that again? The budget for 2025 yet? And what what you think their 2024 CapEx comes in at? Yeah. So it it it is definitely premature for me to talk about the CapEx budget for 2025. For sure, there is capital that the JV continues to need to spend with regards to the CGP3 asset. That's an asset that will continue to be built. It will be finished up in 2025, and we expect it to be actually starting up as we get towards the end of 2025. But, John, we're literally working through the talisman budget with the JV and with the partners right now. So it's a little premature speak to that. We should have more to say okay. On the next earnings call. And what did you have to agree to or pay order to get the revised financial covenants?
John Roberts: Yeah.
Neal Sheorey: John, I won't I won't give you the exact number, but it was it was a very small amount. You should think about it being far less than a million dollars.
Operator: Our next question is from David Deckelbaum with Cowen. David, your line is open.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks for your time this morning. I was curious. You've received some questions on the impact of the CapEx cuts on your long-term growth profile. The reduction of that $800 to $900 million as you go through this strategic review, is that where we should think of approximately maintenance capital or as we get into 2026 and beyond, could we see numbers, you know, quite a bit below those levels?
Kent Masters: Yeah. So we're look, we're getting we're we're tightening down on maintenance capital, and we're targeting a range of 4% to 6% of revenue at some at a normalized level. So you'll see it's a little bit above that this year because we think pricing is below a normalized level. So we're a little above that, but we're also working working to tighten that up. And then you see growth capital in there for high return projects, productivity type projects, brownfield type expansions, which are high return and quick payback. So that's kinda how what we've got built into that that $800 to $900 million. And look, we'll continue to work on that. It depends on the opportunities that that we have, but we'll we'll continue to focus. But we're from a maintenance capital standpoint, we're trying to be in that range of 4% to 6% on a normalized basis. And we're we're a little ahead of that for this year. Or for next year. Sorry. Appreciate that.
David Deckelbaum: Yep.
Kent Masters: And then, you know, just continuing with just the theme of of cash. Preservation, what's what's the outlook for the next several quarters in terms of of cash conversion? Obviously, this quarter, there was some working capital management that really helped that conversion and and and helped kind of fortify the balance sheet. So I'm curious how you think about you know, the the next the next several quarters ahead of us here.
Kent Masters: Yeah. So Neil can give us some specifics on that. But but we're we're we're very focused on it. Some of our key metrics around that is is cash conversion. So up cash flow, everything around that, but a key management metric that that we're focused on is cash conversion. You saw a big number this quarter. We obviously can't we can't repeat that, so it it will come off that. We're we're above historic levels that oh, where we've operated historically, but we're focused on driving that conversion number up. Neil, do you wanna make any specific comment?
Neal Sheorey: Yeah. Just to just to add to that, Ken. So absolutely, I'll double down on what Kent said that we obviously have a very strong focus internally on cash generation, cash conversion, and driving to that free cash flow breakeven point in the future. And we're continuing every quarter to work on this. Several things that we're we've got in flight is obviously working capital management is is very much front and center. We have the cost and productivity that we are already doing, but obviously, today, we've announced even more that we're doing, and so we continue to drive on that. The the other piece that will be very important for our overall cash flow generation is how we think about the dividends coming off of the Taliesin joint venture. One of the reasons that we mentioned in the deck that our our cash conversion is going to be lower in the fourth quarter is that at the moment, we see those those dividends from the Talison joint venture in the fourth quarter coming down. They're right now, our assumption is they'll be zero. But obviously, as we get into 2025 and as we work through things with the JV, it will be very important to as we think through the dividends that that JV can can throw back to the partner.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Isaacson with Scotia Capital. Ben, your line is open.
Ben Isaacson: Good morning. This is Apurva on for Ben. So my question for you is that so you've discussed your leverage covenant providing substantial offer. We thought kind of two x spread in Q3. Is there any color that you can provide on the shape of those limits as they evolve through to 2026? Moving specifically at Q2 and Q3 2025 where that lever the covenant limit rises to kind of 5.75 times. So any color there?
Neal Sheorey: Yeah. Perva. So, you know, essentially, the the shaping of that covenant waiver sort of follows recall that our covenant waiver is calculated on a trailing twelve month EBITDA. And so you can imagine that we've kind of shaped this based on how we look backwards at the the the shape of the EBITDA that we've generated so far in in 2024 as well. So that's really how we we've thought through how the trailing twelve months might look like as we go forward and then shape covenant waiver accordingly.
Ben Isaacson: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Steve, your line is open.
Steve Byrne: Hi. I'm Rob Hoffman on for Steven. In 3Q, realized pricing energy storage has seemingly come in at a lower premium relative to the lithium market price versus prior quarters. Was there any meaningful shift in the percent of contract price with one quarter lags and pricing floors? And what percent of the two-thirds contractors figure has pricing for us?
Kent Masters: Yeah. So I don't there's there's real no change in the contracts that that rolled off during the quarter. So that I'm not sure. So that that is a little different than the way that I think about it. But the contracts really, they they haven't changed. So it's the mix of where those customers are and where that volume gets taken is is how your average moves. Price.
Steve Byrne: And and we're I don't think we're gonna say anything more than we have said before about the contracts and the floors that we have. So we've got contract volume on about two-thirds of it. And some have floors and ceilings and and others don't. But not gonna but it hasn't changed.
Rob Hoffman: I could just ask. This is Eric that that that during during the quarter, we did see our highest volumes that we'll see any quarter. This to date and be hired in the fourth quarter as well. A lot of that was due to the timing of spot sales and spodumene sales. Which would buy us a mix and in a quarter and and has. So, I mean, I think I think you're noting something that is that is is on target that there's a mix effect there. That's not a reflection of contract that I would wash out on a full year basis and we can guidance. Makes sense. And then just a follow-up, given a look lower pricing being sustained, might you consider cutting operating rates to tighten the market rather than the aforementioned guided 15% year term catered growth and volume.
Kent Masters: So we we look at everything. It's probably it's less a little bit about tightening the market, but where it makes sense for us to what our customer demand is, what we see volumes growing to and the mix about where we produce most cost-effectively. So but but we we look we're looking at everything. Including operating rates at plants, but it it's really more about the mix of our customers, the demand growth, than it is about thinking about tightening the market.
Operator: Our next question is from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Vincent, your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and and good morning. Neil, can I ask you on the $300 to $400 million, you know, 40% to 50% run rate by the end of this year? What then you know, gives you such a wide range for I guess, you're gonna finish all off by the end of year. But what would make it $300 and what would make it $400?
Kent Masters: I think that's I mean, it's just it's a range that we're giving and some of the things that we're working through around that. So it's not all completely detailed out. So and, that that dime there's a dynamic of around that. As we go. Some of it is around overhead, some of it's around operating cost, productivity improvements, and things that we're doing at plant. So there there's a range to give us a little bit of breathing room because we're the lower end would be fairly conservative, and the upper end would be a bit of a stretch. I don't think it's any more sophisticated than that.
Vincent Andrews: Fair enough. You can't if I could ask you, know, as we as we look ahead, we're obviously at the bottom of the cycle. Let's let's assume the cycle turns. Let's assume prices go back and I'll make up a number $25,000 a ton. You know, and you clean up your balance sheet issues. What what is Albemarle's strategy in gonna be? Is it just gonna be a reversion to what you were doing prior to last down cycle where you wanna get back into conversion and you wanna go out by resources? Or you're gonna do something different, or are there things you're not gonna do? You know, how are you how are you and how's the board thinking about, you know, sort of the where the company wants to be strategically going forward?
Kent Masters: Yeah. So we've said I actually said our prepared remarks that our strategy has not changed but the way we're executing against it has. So if we so when when we'll react to the market. So prices come back, to be honest, I think we're gonna be a little conservative to make sure that they are gonna stay there. Before we shift our our plans around that. So we'll be we'll be we wanna make sure if they move up, that they're gonna stay up and we're just not in another cycle. And I think right now, we're focused on making sure that we put the cost structure in place to compete through the bottom of the cycle and we'll be able to we're trying to create the flexibility to pivot up if the market returns, but we're gonna be a little conservative to make sure it really changed and we're just not in a cycle.
Operator: Our next question is with Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Kevin, your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy: Hi. This is Matt Hower on for Kevin McCarthy. During your cost structure review, what new processes did you learn from benchmarking lithium peers? And how do you plan to implement those at Albermaril? On slide nineteen, it looks like there's a gap between the current non-manufacturing costs.
Kent Masters: Yeah. Albemarle.
Matt Hower: And out of your meeting peer group? What did you identify as the source of that difference?
Kent Masters: So on the benchmarking, I'll take that. Sorry. We got a phone going off in the room. So I on the benchmark, I'm not sure we learn any new processes from benchmarking our peers, but it's more about a the cost the cost of overhead where people were operating and not it's less about lithium peers than it was just about broad corporate cost structure. With people that have a footprint that looks a bit like ours, very global, with heavy manufacturing those type of pieces. So I'm not sure we picked up any big process changes that we learned from our lithium peers. I I think it's just more about the the aspiration we took from a cost-saving standpoint based on what we saw other corporates doing. And maybe this is Neil. Just to just to add to a couple of things. Look, as an organization standpoint, we were obviously for for growth historically and now in this new environment, we're we're moving to more of a co cost-focused organization. Time and again, that that model that works is the functional model that we announced. And so I think one of the key things that we saw is that there are ways to achieve what you need to from a a strict functional model standpoint. So that's one of the the key things as we functionalize the company. There are naturally gonna be cost and simplification opportunities. And then the other thing I'll I'll point out too is that we have two up and running and and very well very well running back offices and those are areas that we can use much more efficiently especially in functionalized model as well. So those are just a couple of examples. You see them on on slide, I think it's nineteen as well. But those are really some of the core areas where we are finding cost-out opportunities.
Matt Hower: Thanks. And then could you comment on some of the recent supply curtailments that you've seen? There been any significant downward movement in lipidolite supply out of China or Africa? And given that, you know, you estimate 25% of the supply curve to be unprofitable, why do you think it's taken so long to see a a significant downward momentum in supply?
Eric Norris: Yes. Good morning. This is this is Eric. So speaking on lapelite, it was announced during the quarter and we've we've since been able to get corroboration although it's it isn't always clear in China, but that but the lopetalite one of the largest lopetalites suppliers had gone down into care and maintenance, taking some capacity offline, but there's still a pet light in the market. It's obviously, that's all in China. We've also seen continued growth in supply coming that's replacing that serving that growing China market coming out of Africa. We've seen a lot of the shutdowns have been some of the or modulations in some cases, has been out of the western Australian? Sites and some delays on some of the the the Brian projects that were more either Greenfield or significant brownfield expenses have been pushed out. I'm we could get in more detail, but that's a that's a quick summary. As to why more has not come out, it's it it is a little little puzzling. It is a fragmented market. It is a market with significant Chinese presence today. And it's it's a market where you have a lot of young companies whose sole reason for for existing is to to raise a lithium project. They may have cash on their balance sheets, and as long as they can continue to operate, they will do so. They don't have alternative. So I think it's the maturity, maybe one way putting up this market is such it's gonna take a little longer and that is reflected in our lower for longer view on pricing potentially, which is driving us our need to be competitive for the cost the cycle that that and then all these actions that we have talked about taking today.
Operator: Our next question is from Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Joel, your line is open.
Joel Jackson: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just following up on that for my first question. Don't you think that more supply needs to come out of the market, like real supply? Not some projects three years from now, but real spodgy, I mean, real hard rock, real brine out of the market now. To get prices going, or what do you think needs to happen to get prices to recover? And it seems like it can't just be demand. It's gotta be supply at this point. Would you agree?
Kent Masters: Well, I think it's both. Right? So we we we do think more supply needs to come out, and then these and these prices persist as it will come out. It's a matter of how long it takes. And then and demand is still pretty strong. Right? It's over 20%. It's it's buck we've it it's been ticked up a little bit by some of the fixed storage volumes. That that in the last few quarters. A little stronger than we had anticipated, but it it is both. It's both demand and supply, and we we do we need more supply to come out, and we expect it to work at prices at these levels.
Joel Jackson: There have been a lot of stories in the media the last few months about Altima maybe looking at the massive sales whether it be your stake in Greenbushes or or Talosin, which I think you refuted publicly or had a retraction in the media, got a retraction made from that report in the media, but also maybe speculation you'd be considering selling your stake in Wajna you just generally talk about if you're looking at any asset sale.
Kent Masters: But we're always looking at from a port so Ketchum is an example of that that we talked about that and said that's a non-core asset that we look to sell. But Greenbush is something we are not when we're not we wouldn't speculate on rumors around that, but and we but we did clarify green bushes do not something we're thinking about selling.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Sison from Wells Fargo. Michael, your line is now open.
Abigail: Hi there. This is Abigail on for Mike. Just wanted to ask about the status of Kings Mountain, if there's any update in terms of cost or plans or anything like that.
Kent Masters: So King's Mile is a project we continue to push and invest in. So we're we're going through the permitting process that and that process is on track. There there's a a number of permits that are necessary for that, and it's a pretty long time frame to secure all of those, but I would say we we continue to pursue that from a permitting standpoint. And it and the process is at this point, it's on track.
Abigail: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Christopher Parkinson with Wolfe Research. Christopher, your line is now open.
Harris Fein: Hey. This is Harris Fine on for Chris. Thanks for taking my question. For my first one, it'd be helpful to hear some of your thoughts on the implications from the election how you're thinking about tariffs and EV subsidies, and and maybe how you're adapting strategy for that kind of environment. Thanks.
Kent Masters: Yeah. So it is well, it's a little early to to talk about what a Trump administration may do. We know what they've talked about. We'll have to see what they do. But this the energy transition is kind of a global phenomenon that that is happening. It's really driven first by China. Europe, probably the second largest market in that, and then North America. And I don't wanna speculate on what Trump administration might do. We'll have to wait see. I will say that we've we've worked across the aisle in, around the the US, and we have contacts there. We we know what they had talked about, but I think we just have to wait and see what they do, and then we'll we will adjust to that. But it is a global market. And this energy transition is happening. And we're pretty well positioned around the globe to take advantage of that. We we were a strategy had been to pivot to the west. We've kinda backed off that given that prices have been so low and economics are building that supply chain out in the west. We still hope to do that, but we have to wait and see what Trump administration wants to do.
Harris Fein: Got it. That that's helpful. And then for my second one, in slide seventeen, you mentioned, potential upside actions. Accelerating productivity and and reducing capital intensity even more. I guess maybe could you provide a little more detail to what's on the table right now? Anything you can share as to what that might entail? Thanks.
Kent Masters: So look, I think we're work we're working through this and we and as we said before, there we we've given a range because and we're we're being pretty aggressive around that and and it and it covers everything from overhead to R&D, part of that and our manufacturing base. So there's some opportunities to to take cost out of there. So I don't know that we wanna speculate on those. We need to do the work, and then we'll come back to it. Because I think first you'll see, hopefully, we'll be narrowing the range to the upside. As we go through and execute against this. And then if we have anything new to report, we'll do that in time, but I'm not I don't wanna get out in front of.
Operator: Our next question is from Joshua Spector with UBS. Joshua, your line is now open.
Chris Parela: Yes. It's Chris Parela on for Josh. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to follow-up on the contract outlook for lithium next year. I know it's two-thirds under contract, for this year, what are your expectations for the mix in 2025? And then I had a follow-up on use of cash in the fourth quarter.
Kent Masters: So I I guess as we go through this, so as the we're not our our mix won't change materially. Other than the fact that a lot of the growth will come on at spot volumes. It may and it may be under a contract, but it would be probably not with the same level of floors that we have in our current contract. So the growth kind of creates additional mix, if you will, so it's not really a change in those contracts, that the existing contracts per se, but new ones either that come on or we the volume that we sell is on a spot basis. It's more reflective of the spot market.
Chris Parela: Oh, thanks, Kent. And then I guess for Neil, the use of cash in the fourth quarter from an operational standpoint, quite large. Could you just bucket or size out and expand upon what the cash outflow or the use of cash is going to be from an operational standpoint in the fourth quarter?
Neal Sheorey: Yeah. Let me let me maybe give you a couple of things to to think about. So first of all, in the fourth quarter as I mentioned on a on a previous Q&A, we're right now not expecting a dividend from the Taliesin JV. If you go back and and look at what we did in the third quarter or what we got in the third quarter, you'd probably find that that that dividend was in the, let's call it, $70 million to $80 million kind of range in the third quarter. And so that's that's one piece that we won't we're not expecting on in the in the fourth quarter. The other piece is is as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, one of the one is that we there are two things behind our working capital performance in the third quarter. The first we said was working capital management working focused on on driving those to an efficient point by the end of the year. But we also talked about timing of working capital and what that was specifically is we had some items in a pay that moved from the third quarter into the fourth quarter. So we'll eventually have to obviously make those payments. And I I won't give you the exact number here but you can imagine that that's gonna be in the tens of millions of dollars. As we finish up those payments. And then the last one is these the payments related to the cost reduction actions that we announced today. If you go and look in our queue, I'm I I don't know if you've had time to look at that, but we've bread boxed that and it's kind of in that $40 million to $50 million kind of cash outflow range as well. So that that maybe gives you a few key buckets to think about from an operating cash flow perspective.
Operator: Our next question is Patrick Cunningham from Citi. Patrick, your line is now open.
Eric Zang: Hi. Good morning. This is Eric Zang on for Patrick. On the 2025 CapEx guide, can you walk us through the actions you guys taken to bring down CapEx and what is contemplated? And are there any assets under consideration that could potentially go into care and maintenance? Thank you.
Kent Masters: So okay. Midwoth Capital first. So and then know, you can help me on this a little bit. But we've looked up a across the organization and we've taken out there's some growth projects that we have taken out about of capital. We've tightened others up. And from a maintenance capital standpoint, we've gotten tighter on that, a little more rigorous, and I as always said before, what we've kept in, we've got maintenance capital, what we think is minimum that we need. And again, we're targeting that 4% to 6% of revenue for rain in the range for maintenance capital and we're a we're a little ahead of that for 2025 because we used that's on a normalized revenue basis and we think we're below a normalized level given lithium prices. And we've got projects around either oh, pretty short payback investment projects whether they're for cost improvement or additional product that would be a high return short payback type projects. We're still doing those and those larger growth projects, which is why we're we pulled back on our growth forecast out into the future because we're not doing some of those bigger projects that we had planned. And then the the second part of the question, I'm sorry.
Eric Zang: Oh, asset oh, sorry. Another question. So we.
Kent Masters: Yep. Yep. So we've done alright. Yep. I got it. So sorry. So we've we've done the train to at Kimberton and Cara then and depending on where prices go, we will look at other assets both from a resource and conversion standpoint across the portfolio. It's something that that we are that we will look at. We've not made decisions around that. And some of those are are require like say b decisions as well. So Woden is one where we're we're deciding about the number of trains that we operate at Wajina. It's something we have to agree with our joint venture partner.
Eric Zang: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That's all the time we have for questions. I will now pass it back to Kent Masters for closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thank you, Jimmy. Albemarle continues to deliver solid operational results due to our execution across the company. With proactive steps underway to reduce cost and drive performance, we are well positioned to take advantage of the long-term growth opportunities across our end markets. Thank you for joining us today. And please stay safe.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to Albemarle Corporation's Q2 2024 Earnings Call. I will now hand it over to Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability.
Meredith Bandy: Thank you and welcome everyone to Albemarle's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the market yesterday, and you'll find the press release and earnings presentation posted to our website under the Investor Section at albemarle.com. Also posted to our website is yesterday’s additional press release announcing our initiation of a comprehensive review of our cost and operating structure which we will also reference during our comments today. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; Neal Sheorey, Chief Financial Officer; Netha Johnson, President of Specialties; and Eric Norris, President of Energy Storage are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including our outlook, guidance, expected company performance and strategic initiatives may constitute forward-looking statements. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation which also applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations can be found in our earnings materials. And now, I'll turn the call over to Kent.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Thank you Meredith. During the second quarter Albemarle continued to demonstrate strong operational execution. We recorded net sales of $1.4 billion and sequential increases in adjusted EBITDA and cash from operations, thanks in part to successful project delivery, productivity, and restructuring initiatives and working capital improvements. We continued to capture volumetric growth driven by our energy storage segment which was up 37% year-over-year, highlighting successful project ramps and spodumene sales in that segment. For example during the quarter we achieved first commercial sales from Meishan ahead of our original schedule by approximately six months. During the second quarter we also delivered more than $150 million in restructuring and productivity improvements consistent with our efforts to align our operations and cost structure with the current market environment. We are on track to exceed our full-year targets on this front by 50%. Looking to the rest of this year, our operational discipline allows us to maintain our full-year 2024 outlook considerations. Notably, we expect our $15 per kilogram lithium price scenario to apply even assuming that lower July market pricing persists. This is due to higher volumes, cost out and productivity progress, and contract performance. We have made great progress in strengthening our competitive position and enhancing our financial flexibility. However, industry headwinds that began last year have persisted longer than the sector anticipated, making it clear that we must proactively take additional steps. Building on the actions we announced this past January, we announced yesterday that we are taking a comprehensive review of our cost and operating structure with the goal of maintaining Albemarle’s competitive position and driving long-term value. As part of the initial review, we announced the difficult but necessary decision to immediately adjust our operating and capital spending plans at our Kemerton site in Australia. These actions showcase our deeper focus on cost and operating discipline. There's no question that the global energy transition is underway, however, the pace of the industry changes our dynamic and we must remain agile as well. Later on the call, I will spend some time diving deeper into the cost and asset actions that we continue to take in this environment to maintain our competitiveness. And I will also highlight the strategic advantages that remain proof points of Albemarle’s competitive and operational strengths. I'll now hand it over to Neal to talk about our financial results during the quarter.
Neal R. Sheorey: Thanks Kent and good morning everyone. Beginning on Slide 5, let's move to our second quarter performance. In Q2 2024, we recorded net sales of $1.4 billion, compared to $2.4 billion in the prior year quarter, a decline of 40% driven principally by lower pricing. During the quarter, we recorded a loss attributable to Albemarle of $188 million and a diluted loss per share of $1.96. This result included an after-tax charge of $215 million, primarily related to capital project asset write-offs for Kemerton 4. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.4 per share. Moving to Slide 6, our second quarter adjusted EBITDA of $386 million was down substantially versus the year ago period, as favorable volume growth was more than offset by lower prices and reduced equity earnings due to soft fundamentals in the lithium value chain. Compared to the first quarter, second quarter adjusted EBITDA rose 33%, driven by higher sales volumes across all businesses and higher income from increased Talison JV sales volumes. As a reminder, on last quarter's earnings call, we said that we expected an approximately $100 million sequential lift to our EBITDA from higher than normal off-take by a partner at the Talison JV, and that's what we saw in the quarter. Turning to Slide 7. As we've done in prior quarters, we are providing full year 2024 outlook considerations based on historically observed lithium market pricing scenarios. The price scenario shown represent a blend of relevant market prices, including both China and ex China pricing for lithium carbonate and hydroxide. The numbers you see here on this slide have not changed since our last earnings call. What is new is what Kent mentioned at the top of the call. We now expect the $15 per kilogram price scenario to be applicable even assuming lower July market pricing persists for the balance of the year. We are able to maintain this scenario due to the success of our enterprise-wide cost improvements, continued strong volume growth, higher sales volumes at our Talison JV, and contract performance in energy storage. Moving to Slide 8. We continue to prioritize our financial flexibility and strong liquidity to navigate the dynamic market environment. We ended the second quarter with available liquidity of $3.5 billion, including $1.8 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $1.5 billion available under our revolver. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.1 times which was well below the quarter's covenant maximum of 5 times. We continue to add new liquidity resources such as our AR factoring program, and from a long-term debt perspective, we are well positioned and have no significant maturities due until late 2025. Turning to Slide 9, which shows our improved operating cash flow performance and considerations. Our focus on cash generation and efficiency continues to drive important benefits. Our operating cash flow conversion in the second quarter was 94%, which was unusually high, primarily due to increased Talison dividends. We also continued to drive volume growth, cost and productivity improvements, and working capital efficiencies, all of which contributed to our cash conversion. As we look forward, we now expect our full year operating cash conversion to be approximately 50%, which is at the higher end of our historical range. I'll now hand it back to Kent.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Thanks, Neal. Turning to Slide 10, for more details about the actions we announced yesterday to streamline our operations, build on the cost out and productive actions we already have underway, and maintain Albemarle's competitive position across the cycle. Now on Slide 11, I'll first cover the fundamentals in our market. On the demand side, EV registrations are up more than 20% year-to-date through June, led by strong growth in China. However, the pace of growth in Europe and the U.S. has moderated substantially versus the industry's expectations. Across the value chain, we are seeing meaningful mix shifts. First, stronger growth in plug-in hybrid sales, which has translated to smaller batteries with less lithium per vehicle and second, we see a continuation in the trend towards more carbonate-based batteries. Both of these developments are still positive for overall long-term lithium demand, however, they highlight the shifting nature of this value chain as it develops and matures. These demand changes are occurring at the same time as we see dynamic conditions on the supply side. We have yet to see significant changes at the mine level as existing and new supplies continue to come to market. And on the conversion side, there is still oversupply predominantly in China. At current Chinese spot pricing, we believe and are hearing from the market that many nonintegrated producers are unprofitable with some operating at reduced rates or idling production. And we're hearing that even producers who are integrated into cathode or batteries are under pressure. Moreover, current pricing is well below the incentive pricing required for Western greenfield lithium projects. At the same time, geopolitical developments are also adding uncertainties to our business. This includes escalating trade tensions and ongoing armed conflicts. Challenging Western supply chain dynamics are also at play. Notably, the IRA's 30D consumer tax credit has yet to benefit upstream producers like Albemarle. And specific to our position, as written the Final U.S. Department of Energy Foreign Entity of Concern or FEOC rule will impact the eligibility of our Australian product, and we suspect that others could be impacted as well. While current dynamics add challenging uncertainties, there is no question that the energy transition remains well underway, and the long-term growth potential of our end markets is strong, as you can see on Slide 12. The global EV supply chain is on track to achieve the critical $100 per kilowatt hour tipping point where EVs are at cost parity with internal combustion engine vehicles. The Chinese industry has likely surpassed that target with the rest of the world not far behind. Taking all these changes into consideration, we continue to anticipate 2.5 times lithium demand growth from 2024 and to 2030. Additionally, we see battery size growing over time, driven by technology developments and EV adoption. These factors all translate to significantly higher long-term global lithium needs. Turning to Slide 13, in January, we announced a series of proactive actions to preserve growth, reduce cost, and optimize cash flow. Our teams have successfully executed on many of those actions, including ramping in-flight projects at Xinyu, Meishan and the Salar on or ahead of schedule, delivering cost out and productivity actions and we are now tracking to deliver 50% ahead of our initial targets, reducing 2024 estimated CAPEX by between $300 million and $400 million year-over-year, and enhancing our financial flexibility including improving cash generation and conversion. While these steps have served us well, the industry dynamics I just described require us to do more to ensure our competitiveness across the cycle. Building on the actions we announced in January, we announced yesterday that we were embarking on a comprehensive review of our cost and operating structure, pushing deeper into our playbook to further pivot and pace to maintain our leading position. We are focused on the four key areas you see on the slide: optimizing Albemarle's global conversion network to preserve our world-class resource advantages, improving our cost competitiveness and efficiency, continuing to reduce capital expenditures and future capital intensity, and enhancing Albemarle's financial flexibility. The middle section of this slide highlights that we've already taken the next set of actions across these four focus areas. And the bottom of the slide details additional opportunities that we'll closely evaluate as part of the process. The comprehensive review of our cost and operating structure has just begun, and we plan to provide additional details with our third quarter earnings. That said, we took the difficult but necessary decision to bring forward the first step in the review, which is to further optimize our Australian network as we show on Slide 14. As one of the first steps in this comprehensive review, we announced yesterday immediate adjustments to our Australian lithium hydroxide footprint. These changes follow our previously announced decision not to proceed with the construction of Kemerton Train 4. Specifically, we will idle production at Kemerton Train 2 and place the unit in care and maintenance. Additionally, we will stop construction activity on Train 3. Notably, we estimate that stopping construction on Train 3 will save at least $200 million to $300 million of capital spending over the next 18 months. These changes allow us to focus on optimizing and ramping Kemerton Train 1 to preserve optionality and diversity across both product type and geography. In the coming weeks, we'll be identifying other ways to optimize our global conversion network with a focus on the highest priority and highest return options. Our global portfolio of convergent assets and our extensive holding network provide the flexibility to maximize the value of our high-quality resources and to provide either carbonate or hydroxide to meet the needs of our customers as their demands and technologies evolve. Turning to Slide 15. As we deliver these initial savings and begin the next phase of our review, our operating model, the Albemarle Way of Excellence remains the standard by which we operate. By executing our operating model, we are building a culture of continuous improvement to identify best practices at every point in the cycle. We are on track to exceed our initial goals for restructuring and productivity savings through manufacturing, procurement, and back-office initiatives. Much of the better-than-expected performance to date is in manufacturing improvements. For example, optimized PON management at the Salar and overall equipment effectiveness improvements at La Negra have maximized production at one of our lowest-cost assets. These manufacturing benefits in Chile are in addition to the increased efficiency and volume we expect as the Salar yield improvement project continues to ramp. Moving to Slide 16 and our capital spending profile. As I mentioned earlier, we expect 2024 CAPEX to be $300 million to $400 million below 2023 levels. Moving forward, we are evaluating opportunities to further reduce our capital intensity and total capital spending. This will provide enhanced optionality, improve free cash flow, and put Albemarle in a stronger competitive position long term. Our capital spending profile is another element of our comprehensive review and we'll have more to say about our near-term spending plan on future calls. Moving to Slide 17. With all these near-term factors shifting and requiring us to take action, I think it's important to remember that Albemarle continues to have significant competitive strengths. And so I will end with a review of our framework and the core advantages we continue to prioritize as drivers of our long-term value creation. Slide 18 provides our strategic framework, which informs our planning and gives us confidence that we will achieve our growth ambition to lead the world in transforming essential resources into critical ingredients for modern living. This framework defines where we play, how we win, and how we deliver. Albemarle remains uniquely positioned to enable operational excellence during this dynamic period thanks to our competitive strengths, including our globally diverse portfolio of world-class resources, leading process chemistry, deep innovation, and technical know-how, customer-centric approach to the market, and responsible stewardship. Each of our competitive strength will help us right now and well into the future in ways that we summarize on Slide 19. First, our world-class resources are arguably the best in the industry with large-scale, high-grade and, therefore, low-cost assets. In energy storage, we have access to some of the high-grade resources in both hard rock and brine. In Australia with Greenbushes and Wodgina and one of the largest known hard rock assets in the U.S., Kings Mountain. And in Chile with our long-standing position in the Salar de Atacama. Similarly, in specialties, we are the only producer with access to both of the two best bromine resources globally. In Jordan, on the Southeast side of the Dead Sea, the source is the largest concentration of bromine in the world. And in the smack over formation in Arkansas, the only source of commercial bromine in the United States. In both of our core businesses, we maximize the value of our world-class resources by converting and flexibly derivatizing into higher value and use products in our conversion assets or in the case of energy storage, through our extensive tolling network. Second, our leading process chemistry know-how is key to achieving further productivity and cost improvements, safely and sustainably. For example, the Salar yield improvement project utilizes a proprietary technology to enable up to 20% higher yield. At Magnolia, we've leveraged advanced process controls to increase production while lowering costs and improving sustainability. And at both the Salar and Magnolia, we have evaluated a wide range of direct lithium extraction options and are piloting proprietary and third-party solutions in order to be prepared for technology shifts that could be important and more sustainable Salar yield options for this industry. Third, we have a pipeline of high-impact innovative solutions in both bromine and lithium. Our research, testing, and piloting facilities in North Carolina, Louisiana, and Langelsheim, Germany, allow us to participate in differentiated high-margin segments and support our customers' specific requirements. Fourth, Albemarle's leading industry position as a partner of choice is demonstrated through our growing number of partnerships with iconic pioneering companies. Both our businesses have high Net Promoter Scores with significantly positive gaps relative to competitors, reflecting long-standing successful relationships with major customers. And last but not least, our responsible stewardship, strong values and high-performance culture are increasingly recognized by leading organizations. For example, we recently earned an EcoVadis gold medal placing us in the top 5% of global companies and demonstrating our commitment to creating a more resilient world and advancing the sustainability objectives of our customers. In summary, on Slide 25, Albemarle delivered another strong quarterly performance in the second quarter, including sequential improvements in adjusted EBITDA and cash from operations. Despite lower market pricing, we've been able to maintain our full year 2024 outlook considerations, thanks in part to enterprise-wide cost improvements, strong energy storage project ramps, and contract performance. However, we understand these positive actions may not be sufficient given ongoing industry headwinds. Our entire organization is focused on delivering operational excellence while positioning the company to capitalize on the incredible long-term opportunities in our markets. That's why we are taking the proactive steps to control what we can control and ensure we are competitive across the cycle. Albemarle is a global leader with a world-class portfolio and vertical integration strength. We are uniquely positioned to win. I am confident we are taking the right actions to maintain our competitive position and ensure we execute with agility today and in the future. I look forward to seeing some of you face-to-face at upcoming events listed here on Slide 26. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Aleksey Yefremov. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks and good morning everyone. This is Ryan on for Aleksey. My first question would just be kind of around your EBITDA outlook for the year, right. So I understand that you are kind of maintaining the base case or the low case in the $15 per kilo scenario, even though prices currently are, let's say, $11 to $12 per kilogram. Is there the potential that EBITDA could improve if prices were to recover to that $15 per kilogram scenario here in the back half, I mean, you guys talked a lot about improved costs, so just wondering what you think about that?
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: So let's say you characterize what you've said. So even as we've moved that from $15 to, say, $12 to $15. And then we commented that even at July prices, those hold for the rest of the year, we'll make that forecast. And so if there's a chance it could be higher. If prices moved up or there are a number of reasons we're able to hold that forecast is around the volumes that we're selling contract terms, things like that. So it could move up if prices are stronger, it's not collared, so to speak. So if things work in our direction, it could be a number of different things. It could be higher than that. But that's the best visibility we have at the moment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, helpful. And then I know it's early, but just kind of initial expectations on volume growth for maybe 2025 and 2026, just after these actions that have just been taken at Kemerton now? Thanks.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. So okay, you're right, it's early. But I think our volume and what we indicated in the beginning of the year, our volume growth shouldn't be significantly different than that. I mean we are changing some of our -- we're taking out conversion capacity, but we still have the resource that should align to that. So it's not significantly different than we had indicated at the last call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Byrne. Steve, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrne: Yeah, thank you. Kemerton has some more meaningful freight costs than some of your Chinese conversion. But roughly what is the cash margin for Kemerton 2 and where would you put it on the cost curve, what quartile?
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. So I guess we've never put any of our assets and given that type cost out there. So it is -- I guess it's a combination of -- so you're talking about 2. So 3 is really about some of the money that we're spending in growing that. And Kemerton 1 and 2 gives us a couple of things. So it's closer to the resource, but it gives us diversity just geographic diversity. So we would have Chile, we would have -- we have Australia, 1 and 2 help us with that, we have China. And then we still aspire to have conversion in the U.S. at some point if prices come back to that. So I'm not going to give you what our marginal cost is or our cash cost is at Kemerton, but that's some of the thinking that goes into the decisions we've made.
Stephen Byrne: Okay. It seems like there's more than just a cost cut. It's a supply cut. But with respect to the roughly $1 billion -- sure. Go ahead, Kent.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: No, I was just going to say that it is on conversion. It is capacity cut on conversion. The resource is still available.
Stephen Byrne: Right. Understood. The $1 billion charge in 3Q, can you put that into buckets and how much of it is cash?
Neal R. Sheorey: Yes, hi Steve, good morning. This is Neal. So let me answer the second part of your question and maybe the two kind of go together. So roughly speaking, at this time, we've only had a very small group of people working on this. So we'll obviously refine this number quite a bit in the third quarter. But you should think about of that roughly $1 billion charge we announced today, somewhere at least 60% of that is noncash. And similarly, you can expect that kind of on that order represents what's already on our balance sheet that we're writing off. And then we'll give you a better assessment when we get to third quarter in terms of how much of the rest of that is actually cash. But I'd say at least 60% is noncash.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Cunningham. Patrick, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just trying to square the comments last time, cash conversion expectations expected to be well below historical averages versus strength in the outlook here. You had the $400 million to $600 million in headwinds. Was there any improvement in some of those items, whether it's deferral of discrete tax items or other things, some of the working capital ramp for projects, I'm just trying to understand cash drag for the remainder of the year?
Neal R. Sheorey: Yes. Yes. This is Neal, again. So yes, thanks for asking that question because we are -- as we said in our considerations in the prepared remarks, we're taking that range now up to a 50% conversion, which is towards the high end of our historical range now. And there's -- I'd say there's two things that I would point to that where we're doing better than expected. The first is from a dividend perspective from our equity companies, that was certainly better than we expected coming into the year. You heard in our prepared remarks and you know about the additional offtake that we saw at Talison. So that definitely boosted dividends in the second quarter and helped our cash conversion. And then the other part is, yes, on the working capital side, we are highly focused on it, and we have a lot of initiatives around this, and we're seeing some of those come through already in the first half of the year and are continuing to work on that in the back half of the year. So working capital was another nice tailwind to cash in terms of the release of cash from there.
Patrick Cunningham: Understood, very helpful. And then just generally on how we should think about 3Q sequentially for energy storage. Can you help us triangulate how much lower volumes will be sequentially based on some of this onetime benefit, where we should stand for pricing if we kind of hold the July averages here? And then is the remaining sensitivity in your numbers mostly around volume or is there something else?
Neal R. Sheorey: Yes. So I can maybe take the second part of that. We are obviously, from a volume perspective, we're obviously tracking towards the higher end of the 10% to 20% volume growth range that we gave you at the beginning of the year. And I think at this point for the visibility we have, we're probably going to keep tracking towards the high end of that range. So I wouldn't say our earnings corridor or our outlook considerations are really driven by volume per se. It's really around the pricing range that we've given you, that kind of $12 to $15 range today.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. Just -- but the first part of the year was strong from a volume standpoint and that was fine [ph], the upper end of that range, 20%, Neal is saying it's going to be less year-on-year growth in the second half. But that's just because it's so strong in the first half, and we've had a mix of spodumene sales in there as well that's pulled some of that forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews. Vincent, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning everyone. Last quarter, you had a slide on capital allocation priorities and it had a couple of things in it. I just would like to revisit. One was a commitment to investment-grade rating, the second was your ultimate long-term net debt to adjusted EBITDA target of less than 2.5 times, and then thirdly, the continuation to support and grow the dividend. How are you thinking about those three things as part of the comprehensive review?
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes, I don't think our view has changed, right. So that will -- as we go through this, I mean, we'll reiterate that, but I suspect it will stay the same.
Vincent Andrews: And as a follow-up, could you speak a little bit about the factoring and how that process works for you and how we'll see it, I guess, in the working capital results?
Neal R. Sheorey: Yes. So Vincent, to your question, that's right. We put in place an AR factoring program. It's an initial program. We'll continue to evaluate that and add to it as we can as we go along. But essentially, that factoring program is currently untapped. We will use it when we need liquidity if and when we need liquidity. And so basically, at that point, that's when you'll see it, and we'll talk about it. But at this point, it's an untapped resource available to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Parkinson. Chris, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Harris Fein: Hey, good morning. This is Harris Fein on for Chris. So we walked through that the $15 per kilo scenario still holds at $12. I guess how much of that is because of higher Talison shipments and cost improvements and I guess, like where would EBITDA be absent those items if we were just isolating the contract component and I am just kind of trying to get a sense of what that looks like if prices go down to, let's say, $10 per kilo through the back half of the year?
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. So we've said at July pricing, it basically holds the same, right. So $12 to $15 on the slide, but we've said in the remarks that, that July pricing it holds. If July pricing extends throughout the balance of the year, it still holds. So you can work out exactly what that number comes to. And there are a number of pieces that allow us to do that. So it's the volume mix, it is a little bit of additional volume from Talison, it's our contracts. It's a lot of things. It's the cost savings things that we're putting in place. So it's a number of things that go into making that statement true. So it's not one particular thing.
Neal R. Sheorey: Yes, maybe just to add on to that, just a reiteration that those outlook considerations we provided were always a view on the average pricing across the year. And so with the last couple of earnings releases, we've given you -- you obviously know the sales that we've had in energy storage, and we've given you the volumes that we've sold. So you can look at what our average realized price has been. It's been above $15 for the first half of the year. And so when you -- you can take your -- whatever lithium price you'd like to in the back half of the year and do the averaging. But that's why we say when you take July pricing and roll it forward, it falls within that range that we've given you. With regards to Talison, I think the best way to answer that is just to go back to what we've said before. We told you that in the second quarter, we expected about $100 million sequential lift related to the Talison offtake, the additional Talison offtake, and that's exactly what we saw. So maybe that gives you an idea of how to think about that part of your question.
Harris Fein: Got it, that's helpful. And then for my second question, in Slide 12 you show that the global average EV is on track for cross parity with ICE in the next year or two. It would be nice to hear your take maybe on what you make of some of the recent challenges that Western OEMs are having in making a profitable EV and also the fallout from European tariffs on Chinese EVs, kind of how that is playing into your demand outlook?
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Okay. So -- I mean, the cost on -- the cost curve that you see, Neal said on Slide 12. I mean that's a curve that we've been -- that the industry has been looking at for some time. That $100 per kilowatt hour has been a benchmark or a tipping point we call it that people have been looking for, and we're below that in China today. Now some of that fair enough is on -- is because lithium prices are low, but the majority of it is just on the experience curve, the technology and the battery technology. So we think that maintains itself. And then the rest of the world will follow China and they've hit that hurdle. It's not there in the West yet, but we believe that it comes shortly. I'm not -- I don't think I want to comment on the OEMs' cost position. I think a lo1t of it goes into it, including batteries is a big part of it, but it's the rest of the vehicle as well. But we're not -- I'm not going to get into the comment on auto cost positions. But I think the battery technology is hitting those benchmarks we've been looking for, for a long time, and it's only going to get better.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter. David, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you and good morning. Kent, what does the Kemerton capacity curtailments mean for Wodgina production, if anything?
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: I don't think it means anything for Wodgina production. So that there -- as we had said, so we're taking conversion capacity out and the resource piece we continue to operate from both the Greenbushes and a Wodgina standpoint. It's not really related to Kemerton.
David Begleiter: Very good. And just on what's happening in China, how much LiFePo production do you think is shut down and has that number changed at all in the last couple of months here?
Eric W. Norris: David, this is Eric, good morning. I would say in the last couple of months, it hasn't changed materially. There's some that's come off a bit. I'm going to guess tens of thousands of tons or less that is related to where we are in the cost, where price has gone. I think Kent in his remarks talked about the considerable pressure that anybody who is -- particularly anybody is not integrated in buying either spodumene or LiFePo [ph] is under. And in fact, most are operating at a loss, if they're not fully integrated inside of China. And so that's a factor. Another thing that happens this time of year is seasonal production of brine starts to ramp up in Western China. And so that's rising to sort of substitute that drop in LiFePo [ph]. I think overall, though, we're seeing rising inventories of lithium salt. So that is a concern to watch. And obviously, the price pressures I talked about, so I think -- we'll have to see how the industry responds. Obviously, there's a need for some caution in the market given where we see demand versus supply.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Richardson. Stephen, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Stephen Richardson: Hi, good morning. I was wondering Kent, appreciating that the review is ongoing, but I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about your efforts on defining and lowering your sustaining capital. It seems like from the slide that you put forward on 16 that you're suggesting that sustaining capital is a little bit lower than it was previously and that there's a range here of minimum required capital that's sub-$1 billion. And I guess in an environment where current prices are sustained into 2025 do you envision corporate CAPEX below $1 billion next year, is that a feasible number?
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. So we are -- I mean look, we're going through this, we'll be cautious around that, right, to see what we can. As we are operating, we're not growing as fast. We're ramping some of these assets, but we have a view of sustaining capital, and we're challenging that. But we're going to push on that. We'll be rigorous about it. It might take risk, but we're going to be more aggressive around that than others. It's a big piece. Most -- a lot of these assets are still ramping and they're pretty new. So we've been conservative on our estimates around the sustaining capital. So we're going to dig into that and change our approach a little bit, but we see that as an opportunity.
Stephen Richardson: Okay, appreciate that. And maybe just a follow-up, if you did indeed kind of reduce a lot of your growth CAPEX and appreciate that you're outperforming growth on the ramping assets this year, would anybody be willing to hazard of guess as to if you -- on this plan what kind of remaining growth do you think you'd have in the program in 2025 just in terms of thinking about Salar and just the different projects that are out there that are still in flight in terms of growth, would that be still -- is it safe to assume you'd still be growing absolute volumes into 2025 just based on those ramps?
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. No, I think that's right. And I go back to the comments we've said earlier. So what we had said previously in the call or in the previous quarter's call, around the changes we did in January. We've got a couple of years of growth in the assets that we have on the ground and ramping. So we'll continue to do that at 2025 and into 2026, but then it starts to -- without further investment, we start to maximize on that. But we -- and Kemerton doesn't really change that. Again, the resource is there and the investments that we've made in there continue to ramp up. And -- but it's the conversion capacity. Actually changing Kemerton gives us a little more flexibility on product mix, but it limits us a little bit more, we're less diverse geographically around that. And that's the trade-off we're making.
Operator: Next question comes from Laurence Alexander. Laurence, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. Two questions. First can you just give a sense, not so much about kind of the next round of restructuring, but how you think about the longer-term objective. I mean if, for example, prices were to just stay at the current range, where would you expect energy storage margins to go over four, five, six years, however long it took for you to right size or how much do you think you can bring down the cost structure, so that's the first one, just how you think about the longer-term objectives for the business if market conditions do not improve? And secondly, can you just give a bit of a spotlight comments on sort of the state of play for DLE projects in Latin America, what do you need to see either in terms of partnerships or government support for anything to move forward in current conditions?
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Okay. So the first one on the restructuring. So our goal is to put the company within the cost structure and the supply chain that we can compete at the pricing that we see today, and if it stays that way long term. So that's the hypothetical question you're asking, but that's what we're planning for. And we don't know when prices are going to rebound. We know they -- we think a lot of players are operating below cash cost. We think they have to come up. We just don't know when. So we're going to structure the company to operate and be competitive and profitable in that range. So what that margin -- what the margin looks like I'm not going to hazard a guess on that, but it is -- we're going to put ourselves in a position to be profitable and being able to compete where prices are today. Yes, so that's the first question. And the second one, DLE, and you said in South America, I'm going to talk about our view of DLE and our projects, not so much the industry. I mean I don't know -- I mean we are -- we're working on deal. We've got two projects, both going into pilot phase. We've done a lot of work around that for quite some time. One focused on the brines we have at the smackover formation at Magnolia and Arkansas in the United States where we process bromine. And we have that -- we can take that stream and process that. So we have a pilot that is in start-up at the moment around that. And then we'll do a similar pilot at the Salar de Atacama. One, I think we've said this in the remarks, one of the technologies is proprietary. The other is kind of commercial. So we're doing it in a couple of different ways. But I think the key to the -- I mean, DLE is the whole system, not just the extraction piece. There's a lot of focus on the absorption or a solvent extractor and whatever technology used to actually get the lithium molecule out. But the real art in it is the overall system and the integration in making it operate consistently day in, day out. You can do it in the lab, a lot of people can do it in a lab. You need to be able to do it in the field and do it all the time, and that's -- we're doing scale pilots that will prove that out. And so we'll see. So -- and what do we need from a government standpoint around that, I mean, for us, specifically, I don't think we're looking for government necessarily. I mean, funding would help that, but we are moving both of those projects forward. And its important technology for the industry and for us, for us to really leverage the lowest cost resource in the world in Salar de Atacama and get growth from that, we'll need DLE. So it is important. But I don't -- we're not we're not waiting on governments to help us fund it or do anything like that. We're moving forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy. Kevin, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, thank you and good morning. Kent, in your prepared remarks, I think you commented that you're seeing an ongoing trend for carbonate-based batteries. Can you discuss why that's the case and whether that trend is intensifying or not and does it have any bearing on your decision to idle Kemerton 2?
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Okay, so I'll go at a high level. If it gets deeper, Eric will jump in. But I mean, this is -- I mean, it is carbonate is usually the preferred chemistry for LFP technology, and there's been a shift toward LFP. And I would say that's the preferred technology in China. Because China is on such a growth rate and the West is slowing down a little bit. That's -- there's more of a shift of -- a little bit of a portfolio mix toward carbonate. Now the West is looking at carbonate or LFP as well. Therefore, our view from a year or two ago, we always expected a mix. It was a little more hydroxide heavy. Now it's probably carbonate heavy in that view. And then that product mix, I mentioned product mix earlier when I was talking about Kemerton, that does play into that. Kemerton is hydroxide, and we can toll that same resource for carbonate if we need to, and that gives us more flexibility. So it was a consideration in our decisions around 2 and 3.
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you for that. And then as a follow-up, what would you need to see specifically to make a decision to restart Kemerton 2 and how quickly might you be able to do that and is there a meaningful cost to restart?
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. So there's a cost to put it in care and maintenance, right and it would be a cost to come back, but I don't know that it's not dramatic. It would be ordinary course I think if we brought it back. There's a number of things we have to do. Part of the decision about focusing on Train 1 and not 2 is to really optimize that asset, get it to work. We've all -- we have struggled with workforce in Australia and we struggle to ramp the two of them together. So we're going to focus on one, ramp that up to make that really operate, really understand the technology and process. And we think we can bring it back faster and more efficiently to Train 2 when the conditions make that right. So we've got do a few things before we would do that, we would get the plant to operate, really understand the technology and the process chemistry that's unique to Kemerton. And then we can bring that to Train 2. It will be -- but we'll need the market to improve before we do that. And then there would be a time frame in order to bring it back. So it's not going to turn on a dime, but we'll plan for that. And it is not dramatic from a -- not big from a capital standpoint, but there would be cost to bring it back on, and we'd have to bring people back on to do that as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Rusch. Coli, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much guys. As you're working through enforcing these contracts, can you talk about some of the dynamics with the customers and any sort of compromises that you might be making to adjustments. Historically, you've kind of enforced some pricing and you reallocated volumes. Just want to get a sense of how those dynamics are playing out?
Eric W. Norris: Yes. Good morning Colin, it's Eric. As you point out, it's obvious with where market pricing is going. It is a discussion certainly around helping our customers remain competitive through this period of time, while at the same time, respecting the contracts we have and the thresholds that we have there in order to continue to invest on their behalf. I would tell you that all of these contracts are performing to date and it's our expectation that we'll continue to do so. And we'll keep working with our customers. There are things we can do in terms of source. Some of these contracts have a little bit of flexibility, and we can work around spodumene supply versus salt supply. We can look at sourcing points that are different that helps them with their supply chains while at the same time, respecting the core fundamentals of our contracts. So that's basically the nature of the discussions to date.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much. And then just a little bit more on the technology side. As we see more silicon-based anodes, whether it's increased levels of doping or silicon, I know it's completely -- the challenge of lithiation is pretty substantial. Can you talk a little bit about how much leverage you're getting out of the R&D center and helping folks figure out process and approaches to the lithiation challenge?
Eric W. Norris: Well, this remains an area of focus for our growth. And when we talk about some of the advanced materials that are lithium-based looking at prelithiation materials that will support the adoption of silicon anodes or silicone doped anodes as you point out, for higher-capacity batteries that can lend themselves, obviously, to longer battery life or range. And furthermore, there is sort of the next journey -- step on that journey is moving towards a lithium metal anode as well, whether that's a solid state or even a liquid electrolyte used with lithium anodes. So these are areas of growth. These areas we see, frankly, having a faster adoption in technologies outside of electric vehicles, whether there's a smaller format battery and perhaps less risk involved in the customer base as a first step, on the one hand. On the other hand, if you speak to some of the more progressive vehicle producers, OEMs who are looking at future technologies, there's a lot of investment they're doing in this area as well. So it's part and parcel of the overall partnership we have with customers. I mean it's the reason that relative to the earlier question, maintaining a contract relationship and supporting us when prices are low, we support them throughout the cycle as well, is if we got to respect and have strong contracts -- contract relationships because they're more than just supply. They deal with things like technology as well that you're pointing out.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum. David, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
David Deckelbaum: Hi, thanks for the time today and for taking my questions. Maybe for Neal. I just wanted to understand, I think, the remarks with the Kemerton move, it saves $200 million to $300 million over the next 18 months or so. Can you talk about that in the context of where you expect next year's CAPEX to be And more just is $1 billion of sustaining CAPEX, is that a reasonable target for what you could get to next year or still have to take sort of a multiyear progression?
Neal R. Sheorey: Yes, I think I'm going to answer this probably very similar to the way that Kent did. So obviously, as we look at CAPEX into 2025 and 2026, this decision that we're sharing today around Kemerton will absolutely factor into lowering our CAPEX in those out years. And we've always talked about our focus on doing that in this environment. Just as Kent mentioned to an earlier question, we're working through that with our teams right now. And obviously, we understand that what the current environment looks like and that we need to spend a lot of hard time looking at our CAPEX spending and how we can -- where we can bring that down and how we can bring that down as quickly as possible without taking unnecessary risk. So I would just say like we're working on that equation now, and we'll have more to share, I think, in the next couple of quarters.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate that. And then my follow-up is just -- on going forward now, with CGP 3 ramping at Greenbushes and volumes growing there. On the back end now with Kemerton having less capacity, is the commercial profile going forward just all going to be reliant on tolling or do you have flexibility to sell spodumen concentrate into the market? And will you be able to satisfy all of your customer contracts through tolling alone?
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Well, it's not -- well, not just totally. So we've got a network of conversion assets today. And so Meishan is up and operating and ramping as we speak. And we've got first sales from Meishan in this quarter. And we -- as we said, ahead of schedule, we have multiple other facilities in China that we own and operate for conversion. So Kimberton is a portion of it, of our Hard Rock conversion assets. And it will be a blend. We will use some tolling to supplement our conversion assets, but we have significant conversion assets and the Kemerton 3 and 4 is just a portion of it. And again, we'll have 1 operating and 2 to bring on after that. So it's still a significant portfolio of conversion assets that we have, and then we don't want to forget about the carbonate that we bring from Chile as well. So it's a pretty good portfolio of conversion assets. And I would say this is a tweak, not like a big wholesale change in that network with the change to Kemerton.
Operator: Our last question comes from John Roberts. John, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Thanks and who would have thought that [indiscernible] would be the good performing business here in the portfolio. I'll ask a question on the specialties business. Is some of the weakness in specialties temporary channel destocking or had those -- had your channels already destocked like many others have and the weakness you're seeing actually is reflective of the end market weakness?
Netha N. Johnson, Jr.: Yes, John, this is Netha. We are seeing some end market weakness. And rather than weakness, maybe not as quick as a recovery as we expected, particularly in electronics. We did have volume growth of 9%, but price declined. And if you look at the spot price, which is our only public spot price we have in the market in Q1, the Chinese bromine spot price was $3.11 per metric ton and in Q2 was $2.86 per metric ton, and that explains the pricing. But we are seeing green shoots and we are seeing that electronics recovery come, continuing strength in oil and gas, pharma and ag, and we expect to see that growth continue, maybe a little slower than what we thought, but throughout the rest of the year AND sequential growth in our financials as a result of that .
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions. I will now pass it back to Kent Masters for closing remarks.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Okay. Thank you, and thank you all for joining us today. We continue to adapt and move Albemarle forward to better position ourselves in the current market environment, enhance our company's profitable organic growth trajectory, and create long-term value for shareholders. I remain confident in the long-term secular growth opportunities in our end markets and that we are taking the right steps to position Albemarle for value creation. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 14:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to Albemarle Corporation's Q1 2024 Earnings Call. I will now hand it over to Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability.
Meredith Bandy: Thank you. Welcome everyone to Albemarle's first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of market yesterday, and you'll find the press release and earnings presentation posted to our website under the Investor Section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; and Neal Sheorey, Chief Financial Officer. Netha Johnson, President of Specialties; and Eric Norris, President of Energy Storage are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including our outlook, guidance, expected company performance and timing of expansion projects, may constitute forward-looking statements. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation that same language applies to this call. Also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations can be found in our earnings materials. And now, I'll turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thank you, Meredith. During the first quarter, our team demonstrated its ability to navigate dynamic market conditions with actions that position Albemarle for profitable growth and deliver on the operational steps that we have set out to achieve this year. We recorded net sales of $1.4 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $291 million. We saw continued volumetric growth, driven by Energy Storage segment highlighting the demand growth in the segment and our ability to capture it. We also ramp new conversion facilities, executed on our productivity plans and strengthened our competitive position and financial flexibility. During the quarter, we delivered more than $90 million in productivity and restructuring cost savings consistent with our efforts to align our costs with the current market environment. We are on track to deliver more than $280 million in productivity improvements in 2024, demonstrating our excellent execution. To drive lithium market transparency and discovery, we held several successful bidding events for spodumene concentrate and lithium carbonate in March and April. We are encouraged by the results and level of participation to date and plan to continue these efforts. We continue to advance our in-flight growth projects that are near completion or in start-up to deliver near-term volume growth and cash flow. In particular, we've reached important new milestones at Kemerton I and Meishan. Finally, the year so far has developed as we expected and we are reaffirming our full year 2024 outlook ranges that are based on observed lithium market price scenarios that we included for the first time last quarter. Our operational and strategic playbook positions us well to serve our customers today and for the future. With our focused execution and our continued confidence in the elements we provide, Albemarle is well-positioned to drive sustainable growth and create value. I'll now hand it over to Neal to talk about our financial results during the quarter.
Neal Sheorey: Thanks, Kent, and good morning, everyone. Beginning on Slide 5. Let's jump into our first quarter performance. In Q1 2024, we recorded net sales of $1.4 billion, compared to $2.6 billion for the prior year quarter, a year-over-year decline of 47%, driven principally by lower pricing, partially offset by volume growth. Adjusted EBITDA was $291 million significantly down from the same period last year, when pricing and margins across our Energy Storage and Specialties businesses were at peak levels. Diluted EPS was negative $0.08. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.26, which excludes primarily restructuring charges and mark-to-market losses on public equity securities held or sold in the quarter. Our earnings decline was driven mostly by margin compression on lower pricing, especially within our Energy Storage segment. Additionally, we had some margin pressure due to timing of higher cost spodumene flowing through cost of goods sold and reduced equity earnings at the Talison joint venture. These factors were partially offset by volumetric growth, primarily lithium carbonate and hydroxide, and we also recorded spodumene sales at favorable pricing. Also, the Ketjen business recorded increased net sales and EBITDA driven primarily by higher volumes. Looking at Slide 6, we'll break down the company's first quarter adjusted EBITDA by driver. Compared to the prior year quarter, the decline in EBITDA was $1.4 billion related to lower lithium pricing in both Energy Storage and Specialties, $90 million in cost of goods sold due to timing of higher priced spodumene inventories built in prior periods and $270 million related to pretax equity income primarily from our Talison JV. Offsetting these declines were improvements of $251 million related to higher volumes as our Energy Storage projects continue to ramp as well as better Clean Fuel Technologies volumes at Ketjen, and $80 million of net improvements mainly due to restructuring and productivity benefits across multiple areas, including procurement, manufacturing and back office spend. This demonstrates our team's agility and focus on delivering higher volumes and productivity improvements in the current market environment. Turning to Slide 7. As we did last quarter, we are providing outlook ranges, based on historically observed lithium market pricing scenarios. We are reaffirming our outlook considerations published last quarter. There are two notable updates here related to our tax rate and share count expectations. We are updating our adjusted effective tax rate guidance to reflect the range of lithium price scenarios as well as our updated expectations for geographic income mix. At the $15 lithium price scenario we expect a modest tax expense benefit in our P&L. At higher pricing we expect a more typical tax rate in the mid to high 20% range. We have also accounted for the adjusted change in the diluted share count to reflect our $2.3 billion public mandatory convertible preferred stock offering. Moving to Slide 8, where we provide some operating cash flow considerations. We had previously highlighted that, our cash flow conversion would be constrained this year, and I want to provide some additional color on those drivers. As you see here, our cash flow conversion in 2024 is expected to be below historical averages for four reasons. First, Talison is progressing its chemical grade plant, or CGP3 expansion, resulting in lower dividends from the JV. Second, working capital release related to lower lithium pricing is expected to be mostly offset by increased working capital investments for our new plants at Kemerton, Meishan, Salar Yield and Qinzhou. Third, cash tax is expected to be similar to last year, primarily reflecting jurisdictional mix. For example, we will pay Australian cash taxes in mid-year, based on earnings estimates from the prior year period. Finally, we expect to have higher interest expenses year-over-year. Turning to Slide 9. I'll provide further details on trends in each segment's outlook. First, in Energy Storage, we continue to expect approximately two-thirds of our 2024 volumes to be sold on index referenced variable price contracts. The remaining one-third of the volume is still expected to be sold on short-term purchase agreements, including our recently announced bidding events, which Kent will discuss in a moment. Year-over-year energy storage volume growth is trending toward the high end of our expected 10% to 20% range, driven by timing of project ramps and spodumene sales. We continue to anticipate increased year-over-year volumes in the second half of the year due to the ramp of our expansions. All else being equal, we continue to expect improving margins through the year, as lower cost spodumene offsets new facility ramp costs. However, we expect some quarterly variance in EBITDA and margin due to the timing of Talison shipments. Specifically, in Q2, we expect a lift to our EBITDA margin of about 10 points from higher offtake by our partners at the Talison JV. Next, on Specialties. Our outlook reflects continued softness in Consumer Electronics, partially offset by solid demand in Oilfield Services, Agriculture and Pharmaceutical Applications. Furthermore, we are seeing higher costs for logistics as we manage through regional challenges, notably at our site in Jordan. We anticipate higher sales in the second half of the year, on the expectation of modest end market recovery and improved pricing in Bromine Specialties. Taking together, we now expect Specialties adjusted EBITDA to be toward the lower end of the outlook range. Finally, at Ketjen, we are seeing the building success of our turnaround program. We are optimistic about increased volumes driven by high refinery utilization. In Q1, we have seen end market strength primarily in clean fuel technology and expect higher volumes across each of the Ketjen businesses in 2024. Turning to Slide 10 and our financial position. As you know, during the quarter, we took action to maintain a solid investment grade credit rating and further enhance Albemarle's financial flexibility as we navigate this market down cycle. In March, we closed a $2.3 billion public preferred stock offering to fortify our competitive position and stay ahead of dynamic market conditions. Together, with the amended credit facility we discussed in February, these actions put Albemarle in a position to invest in and finish our last mile expansion projects, as well as capitalize on the secular growth trends we see in our core end markets of Mobility, Energy, Connectivity and Health. Following the offering, we repaid our outstanding commercial paper resulting in improved leverage. We ended the quarter with larger than normal cash balance and a primary of that cash will be to complete our in-flight capital project. Our balance sheet management highlights our focus on adopting to changing market condition and controlling the things in our control. Finally, turning to Slide 11 for a reminder of our capital allocation strategy. This is a slide you've seen before and we're touching on it briefly to acknowledge that our capital allocation priorities have not changed. We'll continue to selectively invest in high return growth, but we'll be patient and disciplined. Our near-term focus remains on operational execution and you can expect that our actions will be aligned with driving cost and productivity improvements, ramping our assets to full contribution and preserving our financial flexibility. While we believe current lithium prices are unsustainable for most of the industry in the long-term, we are managing to the current environment. To support our ability to reinvest and grow for the future, we are taking the prudent steps to right size our capital spending and cost structure, focusing on ramping our plants to full contribution and volume growth capture and taking steps to boost cash flow and enhance our financial flexibility. With that, I'll turn it back over to Kent to provide more details on the proactive actions Albemarle is taking in the current market to preserve long-term growth and value creation.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Neal. Moving to Slide 12. We continue to believe in the EV transition and the growth in lithium demand, as well as the opportunity it creates for Albemarle. Despite a downshift in demand growth in Europe and the United States, global EV sales were up 20% year-to-date, led by strong growth in China, which represents over 60% of the global EV market. We continue to anticipate 2.5x lithium demand growth from 2024 to 2030. Additionally, we see battery size growing over time, driven by technology developments and EV adoption. These factors all translate to significantly higher global lithium needs. To put all this in perspective, we expect that this industry needs more than 300,000 metric tons of new lithium capacity every year to satisfy this growth. This means, we need more than 100 new lithium projects across resources and conversion between now and 2030 to support this demand. Moving to Slide 13. Albemarle is actively contributing to the progress of price discovery and efficiency in the lithium market. We have conducted four successful bidding events for chemical grade spodumene and battery grade carbonate. These events inform the market of real time physical trading dynamics and promote greater transparency in the evolving lithium market. While the majority of our sales will continue to be on long-term agreements with our core strategic customers, bidding events give us another sales channel to expand our market access. We have partnered with Metals Hub, an industry-leading source-to-contract platform to host efficient and transparent bidding events. On the slide, you can see a few of the ways we've designed these events to promote transparency and efficiency while meeting customer needs, including zero cost to participate, sealed bids and better confidentiality as well as the winning price disclosed to all bidders following the events conclusion. Going forward, you should expect that we will have a regular cadence of these bidding events, including additional products for sale in various jurisdictions. The primary reason for holding these bidding events is to drive fair and transparent price discovery, something that is good for all market participants. Looking at Slide 14. The Albemarle Way of Excellence remains our operational standard and continues to serve us well. Within the operating model, our focus continues to be on efficiency and ensuring our costs reflect the current environment. As I mentioned earlier, we remain on track to exceed our 2024 target of $280 million in productivity benefits through manufacturing, procurement and back-office initiatives. Recently, we've added cash management to our tracker to enhance cash flow with particular emphasis on optimizing our cash conversion cycle. Looking beyond our cost actions, we also remain focused on the other elements of our model. This quarter, we plan to publish our sustainability report and host our Fourth Annual Sustainability Day featuring key highlights of our sustainable approach and updates on our environmental targets. Moving now to Slide 15. We've said that our focus this year is on getting our in-flight projects to completion and full production, allowing us to drive near-term volume growth and cash flow. We're making solid progress on multiple fronts. The Salar Yield improvement project in Chile is ramping well and has achieved over 50% operating rates. This project allows us to increase lithium production while reducing carbon and water intensity through the application of innovative proprietary technology. It also allows us to capture the full benefits of the capacity expansion at the La Negra conversion facility. In Australia, the first 2 trains, Kimberton I and II are in start-up, ramp and qualification phases. Kemerton I recently achieved a key milestone of 50% operating rates for battery-grade product, and that product is currently in qualification. The remaining capital spend for these facilities is modest and our focus is on continuing to ramp the facilities and get production qualified with customers. At train 3, we are progressing through construction in a prudent way. In China, the Qinzhou plant is ramping on schedule and is expected to achieve nameplate capacity by mid-year. Meishan marked its grand opening in April and is progressing through commissioning having achieved a 50% operating rate for battery-grade material. The remaining capital spend on Meishan is relatively small and related to the ongoing start-up activities. Looking at Slide 16. Our in-flight projects put us in a position to deliver volumetric growth of approximately 20% per year from 2022 to 2027. First quarter sales volumes were recorded at 40,000 tons LCE. We expect 2024 total volumes weighted toward the second half of the year due to demand seasonality and project ramp. We also have the flexibility to toll or sell excess spodumene to maximize economic returns depending on market conditions as we exercise that ability in the first quarter by selling some chemical grade spodumene. Moving on to Slide 17. It's important to highlight the unique advantages that Albemarle has today and how we see those advantages translating to significant margin expansion and earnings generation in the near term. It all starts with our high-quality, low-cost resource portfolio, including the Salar de Atacama, Greenbushes, Wodgina and Kings Mountain. Our global portfolio is arguably the best in the industry. Large-scale, high-grade assets are also low-cost assets and the advantages they provide are not insignificant, as you can see on the left-hand side of this slide. Access to world-class assets is, in turn, one key factor to help us maintain robust energy storage margins across the cycle. For example, at the $15 per kilogram lithium price scenario, we estimate energy storage margins would normalize above 30% after adjusting for the temporal impacts from lower partner offtake at Talison and lower fixed cost absorption at our new plants. And that's before the tailwind of price upside. We estimate that every $1 per kilogram of LCE price improvement would translate to more than 200 basis points of margin expansion. We are also diversified across resource types and finished products, vertically integrated and able to source product from free trade agreement jurisdictions such as Australia, Chile and the United States. Turning to Slide 18. Our comments today reflect the competitive strengths that position Albemarle for success. Beyond our world-class resource base, additional competitive advantages include our process chemistry knowledge and manufacturing expertise allow us to efficiently operate large-scale assets and drive down operating cost. Our targeted innovations, product reliability and reputation for quality make us a trusted partner of choice for our customers and our people and stewardship are a point of pride and competitive strength. We have a proven management team that has operated through cycles and continues to lead with a disciplined mindset. On Slide 19, these factors give Albemarle a strong value proposition and position us to win in the market. Our strategy and path to capitalize on the opportunities align with attractive trends in mobility, energy, connectivity and health is clear. We will continue to lead with discipline and to scale and innovate, accelerate profitable growth and advance sustainability to drive value for shareholders. I hope to see some of you face-to-face at these upcoming events listed here on Slide 20. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Aleksey Yefremov at KeyBanc Capital.
Aleksey Yefremov: I just wanted to ask about your lithium volumes projection on Slide 16. If current prices don't change, can you get to these volumes and capacities, -- was that raising more equity or debt?
Kent Masters: Yes. So -- well, we forecast for the year looking out for the year, so 10% to 20%, and we've said we'd probably be at the upper end of that and those -- the volumes that we show are based on the capital program that the long-term volumes we show are based on the capital program that we have in place and the projects that we're executing currently and no need for additional capital for that.
Aleksey Yefremov: And just as a follow-up, I mean you gave us scenarios for your EBITDA based on pricing. And I was hoping to get a similar idea for your medium-term CapEx. If say prices stay where they are today, would you be able to sustain your current level of CapEx in 2025? Or does CapEx need to come down to balance your cash needs?
Kent Masters: Yes. So if prices stayed where they were today, you'd see us ramping CapEx down. It takes us a little bit of time. So it's not -- we have a run rate that we think is kind of a minimum CapEx level of about -- to maintain assets about $1 billion a year. We wouldn't get there in '25, but kind of a run rate in line with that toward the end of '25, we could if we felt prices were going to stay where they are today.
Operator: Our next question is from Arun Viswanathan of RBC Capital.
Arun Viswanathan: I just want to get your thoughts on maybe fundamentals that you're observing in the lithium markets. These days, it sounds like there was some disruption in some spodumene production. There was some, I think, curtailments in China related to disposal waste altogether that has taken some production off the market and may potentially stabilize the price environment. Could you maybe highlight some of those issues for us and maybe describe the inventory side as well, what you're observing in both the downstream cathode manufacturers and upstream lithium producers.
Netha Johnson: So let me start -- I'll start with that Eric can give you a little bit more detail on inventories. But I mean, you described the situation reasonably well. We've seen, as we expected, some production come offline, [indiscernible] in China and some higher cost spodumene resources. And we've seen price respond to that marginally, I would say, 15% or so change in price as a result of that. But that's what we thought the market would do. We don't really see it running dramatically up, and we still expect to see other resources coming off if prices stay where they are. So it's going to balance as the market kind of figures out exactly what price is doing and how production responds to that. So I think you'll see new projects that are planned coming off and struggling to get capital if we stay at prices like they are. So I think we're in a balancing mode at the moment. And we do expect to see additional resources come out. Eric, you want to talk about inventories?
Eric Norris: Sure. First of underneath that the other factor as important is demand. China stands as a market and start -- first of all, the majority of demand in the world, over 60% of the demand and start contrast to the U.S. or Europe with very strong growth you may have seen reported even in April growth that was quite significant for various automotive producers, BYD being up 49%. So there's very strong growth in China coming off of very low inventory levels. And that's obviously a favorable indicator for price in light of the pressure on producers at these price levels that Kent described. And the inventory more specifically, what we're seeing is inventory is pretty much at very low levels, ending in March, relatively speaking. So less than 2 weeks from a lithium producer standpoint, and about a week for downstream cathode company. That's in China. It's a little higher for battery producers -- or excuse me, for battery inventories. But again, at levels that are very low compared to the average we saw in 2023. So that, coupled with this demand signal we're getting from China, we see it as a positive signal for price going forward. And obviously, we'll have to -- we don't know for sure, but we'll watch that carefully. And should that happen, that will benefit our earnings going forward.
Arun Viswanathan: And I know there's going to be a lot of other questions about lithium. So maybe I'll ask one on specialties. Do you see any risk maybe to given we're geographically where some of your resources are in Jordan, I know there's been some activity there, obviously. So -- maybe you can just give us your thoughts on -- is that part of what's leading you to the lower end of guidance for specialties? Or what else would you cite, I guess?
Netha Johnson: Yes, I think it's a fair assumption. There's always risk in the Middle East. But in terms of our operational, we've seen limited operational impact year-to-date, but the logistics is where the challenge is and we are incurring additional costs to secure those logistics out of that part of the world. So that's what's impacting our business. But that's different than what it was last year. So yes, that's definitely a risk in the second half. As we move into that for specialties.
Operator: Our next question is from David Deckelbaum at TD Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: I wanted to just follow-up on the outlook if prices were to stay the same. You've obviously seen the impact of lower near-term production at Greenbushes. And then obviously, you have CGP3 which is still under construction and ramping. We've heard from Wodgina with the third train kind of being deferred a bit. Do you anticipate any more I guess, corrective actions or responses under some of the JV spodumen facilities that you're involved with, if prices were to remain where they are today?
Kent Masters: So the -- look, the resources that we operate, and we have made adjustments just to the market condition, but I don't think we make further ones. These are world-class resources and the lowest cost position. So we still operate and make money at the pricing level there. These were investments that were kind of happening in the near term when we had opportunities to adjust the execution profile as we have our own conversion assets as well, and our partners agreed to that. So we've made some adjustments. But Long term, we still expect to exploit these resources because they are some of the best in the world.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate that. And I'm curious on the second question, just I think you've highlighted some EBITDA margin recovery in the second quarter with increased partner offtake at Talison and some variability there throughout the year. But as we think about your EBITDA margins in '24 versus '25, is there a ballpark range that you would estimate that commissioning new facilities has a sort of a drag on EBITDA margins this year versus next year? .
Neal Sheorey: Yes. David, this is Neal. Yes, absolutely. That's actually one of the reasons why we put that slide in the deck that showed that our range found that. I think that's Slide 17. So the way that we think about it, it's about a 500 basis point drag this year from the ramp-up of these new plants. Now you won't get all 500 basis points back in 2025 because obviously, we will still be working through the ramp of these facilities. But certainly, you can expect over the next couple of years as these facilities come up to full rate that you should start to see that margin expansion from those plants running full.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Byrne, Bank of America.
Rob Hoffman: Rob Hoffman on for Steve Byrne. Out of the $280 million productivity benefits goal that you have set for 2024, given that you're already, I guess, above of $90 million in Q1, is this faster pace of Ketjen results and guidance.
Kent Masters: So I think we're using the $280 million and as we forecast that out. It's still early in the year. We're probably a little ahead of schedule, but not ready to call it and build into our forecast that will beat that. But we'll be -- we're optimistic. We're comfortable with the program and the target is a pretty big target for us across the organization, and we feel pretty good on a run rate that we can meet that or maybe beat it, but we've not built that into our forecast.
Neal Sheorey: Yes. And this is Neal. To the point of, can you see it in the financials, maybe just one example I'll give you is if you look at our SG&A line. So -- just remember that on the face of the income statement, our SG&A line includes about $35 million of onetime charges that was related to our restructuring activities that we announced in the first quarter. When you back that out and then look at our SG&A line versus the fourth quarter versus where we ended 2023, you will see about a $20 million to $25 million decline in our SG&A costs. So that gives you an idea that we are starting to see some traction on the productivity and restructuring savings that we already announced.
Rob Hoffman: That's helpful. And just a follow-up in terms of your longer-term volume growth chart here, -- why doesn't the potential tolling volume go down over time? Wouldn't you generate higher margins at your own conversion plants?
Eric Norris: Actually your question, just to make sure I'm clear on it. This is Eric speaking. Why would we see tolling volume go down over time?
Rob Hoffman: Why volume go down.
Eric Norris: Oh, I'm sorry. Yes, I think -- fair enough. You wouldn't -- it's all a factor of ramp of plants. Right, what it comes down to -- we have a plant in China Meishan that's ramping at a faster speed than the plant in Australia, and that has to do with operating experience. But if you look at this over a long-term basis, ultimately, we will -- our intention is to be fully integrated and to take all the available resources and convert them with company-built assets as opposed to tolling assets. Increasingly, those -- we would target those to be outside of the U.S., we have a considerable basis, as you know, today in China. But again, depending upon the speed with that, tolling always remains a flywheel, an option for us to go on the speed of branch to go to another alternative. But you're right, I mean, in time, that's why there's a plus/minus on that, it should come down. The [indiscernible] for the most part is a bridging strategy for us, sorry.
Operator: Our next question is from Andres Castanos at Berenberg.
Andres Castanos: I wanted to understand better why are you running spodumene auctions now? And to have a sense on what is the percentage of volume that goes in these options? Are in deals with dollars somewhat impacted by this.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I'm not sure that is the last part of the question. Let me start on the front and you catch that in the follow-up if I don't answer your question. So we're doing the auctions, both on spodumene and on salts, the health transparency in the marketplace, price discovery to really understand, make the market a little clearer, a little more transparent. We get good information for it. And then we've decided to include spodumene as part of that just more transparency in the market, more knowledge that we get around that. And it's an opportunity for us to participate in a different part of the value chain. So it's not a change in our strategy of being an integrated producer. We'll sell most of our products through these long-term agreements on a salt basis as we have historically. So that strategy didn't change, but it's just it's an adjustment to take -- to try and get more transparency in the marketplace and then to sell spodumene a different value, a different product at a different value in the marketplace. So if there are dislocations, we can take advantage of that.
Andres Castanos: Right. So I think it's a small percentage of the total volumes that essentially the deals with the tollers are still in place and they take the majority of the excess spodumene. My second question would be on the level of cost of inventory that you have at the moment for spodumene for the ones you take on board from Wodgina? Can you comment on that more or less where you sit versus the index?
Eric Norris: So I think the question was the cost of our spodumene inventory versus the index. So as we showed in our first quarter results, we are still working off a little bit of spodumene that went into inventory in prior periods, that is at a little bit higher cost than where it is today, and we documented how much of that was in our first quarter results in our EBITDA bridge. You can expect that there'll be a little bit more of that spodumene that we'll have to work off. But for the most part, you will start to see a spodumene costs rolling through our COGS that is consistent with what is in the market as we get towards the middle of the year and in the back half of the year. And that's built into the outlook scenarios that we've been publishing.
Operator: Our next question is from John Roberts at Mizuho Securities.
John Roberts: Last quarter, Slide 13 on Greenbush has discussed the lag and the lower cost of market issue. It projected a spodumene inventory cost for the March quarter of about $4,000 a ton. Does that play out the way you projected last quarter?
Neal Sheorey: John, so this is Neal. We would have to check your numbers. One of the big adjustments we made in the fourth quarter was that LCM, which really collapsed the gap that we previously had, that sort of 6-month lag that we had in the spodumene cost and how it rolls through cost of goods sold. Now even after taking the LCM, we did still -- prices did still come down as we started the first quarter. So we did still have a little bit of higher-priced spodumene that rolled through our P&L. But I think the numbers you're referring to maybe are before we took the LCM adjustment, and we collapsed a lot of that gap with that adjustment.
John Roberts: Yes. All right. And then have your thoughts on the role of catching in the portfolio changed at all since the last call?
Neal Sheorey: I would -- no, I would say. But look, we're -- we've said it's not a core business for us. So we would look to divest that at some point. But -- and we went through a process, which we talked quite a bit about didn't get the value wanted. So we're doing a turnaround. That program is going pretty well, but we would still anticipate doing a transaction on that business when the timing is right.
Operator: Our next question is from Christopher Parkinson at Wolfe Research.
Harris Fein: This is Harris Fein on for Chris. So I'm not sure if I'm reading too much into this. You left the EBITDA sensitivity is unchanged, but also volumes seem like they're trending towards the high end of the guide. Is it wrong to think that EBITDA will trend to the higher end of those ranges as well, all else equal?
Kent Masters: Yes. Actually, it's a fair assumption. Basically, the way that we constructed those EBITDA ranges reason their range is driven by that volume consideration that we have, the 10% to 20%. So I think all things being equal, that's a fair assumption to make.
Harris Fein: Then for my follow-up, there are a lot of moving pieces in the cash flow guide. I guess when I look at the reasoning for the lower conversion rate this year, it doesn't seem like those things are necessarily going away after this year, like you'll always be ramping projects. So how are you thinking about the operating cash conversion going forward?
Neal Sheorey: Well, actually, I have a little different viewpoint on that. I do think that our cash conversion should be improving in 2025 for a few reasons. Number one, as I mentioned or as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, our cash taxes are very similar this year to what we had last year, and that's primarily because of Australia, and we're paying taxes based on income from last year. If you assume that pricing is sort of flat for the rest of the year, I think you should assume that our cash taxes will be lower next year, all things being equal. The other part is that our facilities are so far, as you heard in Kent's remarks, ramping quite well. And so we would expect that those will start to contribute as we get into the back end of this year and into 2025. And as Kent mentioned, right now for where we are, the ramp that you see in our volume growth is just based on the projects that we are finishing up right now and are ramping right now. So we won't be ramping plants forever, that will most certainly come to an end and those plants will begin contributing and the back half of this year and into 2025. So I do anticipate our cash conversion to get better.
Eric Norris: Yes. And just a little finer point on Neal's point, I mean we are those -- the new plants that are ramping will be as we grow, our business grows, they become a smaller part of the portfolio. So we'll still be building new plant and ramping over time, but they become a smaller percentage of the portfolio. And then at the moment, we have a lot of plants ramping in that particular phase. I didn't necessarily plan it that way, but that's how it's worked out. We've got, I think, 4 plants actually ramping now at the same time. And that's not the plan. Going forward, it won't be that many. And if they were, it would be a smaller part of the portfolio just because we've grown.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin McCarthy at Vertical Research Partners.
Matt Hettwer: This is Matt Hettwer on for Kevin McCarthy. Regarding the spodumene and carbonate auctions that you just touched on, what does the customer feedback been like? And how has the auction participation rates trended?
Eric Norris: Matt, this is Eric. We've got very good participation. We're very early in our process. And so we're very -- with a qualification process to make sure we're -- we're inviting people to these auctions that meet certain standards, but that's growing over time. The participation rate we received and the corresponding conversion of those invited versus those who put in a bid has been strong. The interest has been, therefore, good and the outcome has been well received what we think about the market, particularly from a price reporting agency, we found that these through the normal surveying process, the results of these bids have found their way into the price reporting agencies. Of course, they determine how they use that in their next calculations, but it's our anticipation that they're lending there as well. And then as we turn to the -- to our sort of contracted customer base, they appreciate that what we're doing is better understanding in what is a pretty immature market how -- what the drivers are, as Kent was referring to different types of prices, whether that's inside the country, outside of country or an IRA compliant, non-RA compliant product or a spodumene versus a better grade carbonate. It's giving us better intelligence to better segment, understand what's happening in the market and a lot of the same for our customers in the contract side ultimately because that would be reflected in the indices they referenced.
Matt Hettwer: And then as a follow-up, I believe in the prepared remarks, you mentioned expanding the auctions to other geographies and products. What other geographies are you looking at? And in the future, might you include hydroxide in the auctions?
Eric Norris: Yes. So I touched on a little bit when I talked about IRA compliant. But just as reference, almost -- actually, all 4 auctions that we've done today have all been inside of China with available inventory on the ground there. We'll be looking for product outside of China shipped on a CIF basis, for example. We'll be looking at that certainly for our Australia product. We'll be looking at it for [indiscernible] compliance ship to the U.S. and across our product range, including hydroxide.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Isaacson at Scotia Capital, Inc.
Apurva Kilambi: This is Apurva on for Ben. So we're heading into what has historically been a peak buying season in China just off of the earlier comments on demand, are you starting to see this restocking materialize?
Eric Norris: Yes, this is Eric. As I pointed out, we've seen inventories at a fairly low level, ending in March, and I do think a part of the demand is to restock in anticipation of the midyear and into later year seasonality of EVs. It's one reason why it's very hard to look at Q1 sales of EVs and correlate that to real on-the-ground demand because the EVs that are being sold in the first quarter this year were lithium for that was sold late last year -- middle of the late of last year. And we are seeing -- I think it's a part of the demand that I referred to earlier, it's not only fundamental demand for what our increased EV sales that are coming in that -- we see in April and we expect in May and June, but also it's a result of some restocking because some of the levels of which inventory gone to, it just weren't sustainable for these operations to run without taking considerable risk of not being able to meet demand.
Apurva Kilambi: Great. And as my follow-up, looking back with your 10-K, you actually published an updated technical report on Greenbushes. With that report, we saw something of a step down in both grades and recoveries and concurrently, costs have moved upwards. Given those technical effects, where do you see the next phase of resource growth coming from for Greenbushes.
Eric Norris: Well, that's you're correct. You're referencing a report that we published on our SEC guidelines, which are have a different standard. It's not uncommon in mining for different standards around the world and different standards are more strict and how they should be exercised and that produced some of the results you're describing. This is still even in that report on a relative basis the best spodumene resource reported in the world. And our aims are to continue, as we've described to -- we are now executing with our joint venture partners at CGP3 expansion. There is the possibility long term, although we have not announced this formally or committed to it for further expansion of CGP4 and continued operation of that operation at its current grid reported for quite some years, decades to come. So our intention is to maximize that resource given its low cost potential.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Sison at Wells Fargo Securities.
Michael Sison: Good start to the year. You have a slide on sort of minimum capital and I think the line looks like billion. So if hiking kind of stays here, is that where CapEx will go in '25. And what would that mean to your capacity potential in longer term if that has to be the case.
Neal Sheorey: Yes. So I think we've commented on that earlier. So we can -- we would look at the billion that's kind of maintenance capital for us around to maintain our assets and continue to operate there. And we could -- if we -- if prices stay where they are, we could get to that kind of on a run rate by the end of '25, so '26 number, so to speak. '25 would be a little bit higher, but we get to the run rate by '25. That would impact our long-term growth if we went to that level. So the current planning that we have, the projects we're executing at the moment, get us kind of a 20% growth rate through '27 or so. And if we were to cut back to those levels, we'd impact that materially beyond that.
Michael Sison: And as a follow-up, your EBITDA margins for any storage, they're pretty good. And I know you think we need -- you need higher pricing for the industry. So I mean, what price do you think lithium needs to be at to support the growth that is expected for the end of the decade, and maybe any thoughts on where you think others around the world who are -- where their margins are because yours are again, from a -- are pretty good, not as good as it used to be, but I think there's still a pretty good margin.
Eric Norris: Right. So I'm not going to comment on other people's margins. But if we stay where we are, we can operate at about -- at a 30%-ish type margin rate once we get the noise out of the P&L, that kind of the transition from the big prices and some of the spodumene costs. So on a run rate we could get to around 30% and still grow our business for us. I think that's the good margins that you're talking about. We've had stronger margins than that, and they would be stronger if prices move up. The issue with price is really about returns on new investment projects more than it is about our existing business, P&L and the margins that we can deliver. So prices need to move up in order to develop new projects to get the growth the industry needs to support the EV transition. I'm not going to comment on because it's different by every project and every geography as to what price you need and you need to believe that for 10 or 15 years in order to get a return on the project when you go through FID. So I can't say a number and if I had one, I probably wouldn't say it, but they are different by geography, by region, by technology, what the resource looks like. So it's quite different. There's no way to pick one particular number.
Operator: Our next question is from Joshua Spector of UBS.
Chris Perrella: It's Chris Perrella on for Josh. I just wanted to follow up on Neal, the 2Q Energy Storage EBITDA margin that you guided to, given the puts and takes, you have the higher cost spodumene inventory, which is maybe a $50 million drag in the second quarter, but you also have the one-off from Talison. So how does that bridge together to get to your 2Q margin? And then does it step down with the absence of the Talison one-off in the second half of the year?
Neal Sheorey: Yes. So I think if I -- let's talk about the second quarter first. So basically, the way to think about this, I think your numbers are probably all in the right kind of range. If you do the math based on the first quarter and what we said in the prepared remarks that we expect about a 10-point bump in energy storages, EBITDA margin in the second quarter. You probably will get into the range of about $100 million bump to EBITDA Q2 versus Q1. And that's really just driven primarily by the expectation that all partners are taking their allotment off of Talison plus we have that additional 200,000 tons that is getting offtake in the second quarter as well. And so that's basically what serves as the basis for the 10 percentage point bump. In terms of then going forward, it is sort of a onetime bump up. And then what you should expect in the third and the fourth quarter is that we'll come back down to again, pretty healthy margins. It won't be as healthy as the second quarter. But you can expect that we will, as our plants continue to ramp up and we continue to absorb fixed cost, that will continue to get some margin expansion versus the first quarter, for sure, in the third and the fourth quarters as we exit the year.
Chris Perrella: That's perfect. And then a quick follow-up. Sequentially into the second quarter, do you expect volumes to be up? I'm just trying to bridge the seasonality to get to the 190 [indiscernible] for the full year?
Neal Sheorey: Yes. So we will have volume -- at least sequentially, what you're asking about is, yes, we will have some higher volumes as we get into Q2 versus Q1. Remember that the peak for energy storage demand is usually in the third quarter. So we're building to that peak. So it won't be the highest quarter of the year. But yes, I would expect that you'll see a little bit higher volume in Q2 versus Q1.
Operator: Our next question is from Colin Rusch at Oppenheimer.
Colin Rusch: Given the dynamics around geopolitical positioning on manufacturing for batteries and some of the evolution of the tariffs that we're seeing on the solar side and other areas. Can you talk a little bit about the importance of refining and your thought process around that importance in North America as you enter into the balance of this year and next year?
Netha Johnson: Yes. So okay, interesting question. So the politics is playing into the market significantly, and we've got the integrated strategy. So we've got a good resource position, and it's spread around the world, so we have nice diversity around that. And we've built conversion. So we have conversion in Chile, in the U.S., lower scale at the moment. And Australia and China. So we're spread around the world, and we've got nice diversity around that and it allows us to kind of plan for some of these aspects. So our goal would be to have larger scale conversion in North America to satisfy the North American market and we are -- but we've paused on that a little bit, just on some of the issues that you've described, price being a big one, how geopolitics plays into it. And we're going to use that pause to figure out exactly what we do around that.
Colin Rusch: Okay. Great. And then in terms of some of the evolving cathode chemistries, obviously, we're seeing some activity around Delta LFP, and I'm assuming that the precursor materials are evolving a little bit. Can you talk a little bit about some of the specific adjustments that you're making around some of the refining processes to meet those cathode needs in a more tangible way as you go through the balance of this year and into next year?
Neal Sheorey: Yes. I'll start on that. Eric can fill in the gaps. I think -- I mean the biggest thing for us at the moment is with the primary products around hydroxide and carbonate is balancing that. So as LFP has become more prevalent. It's got stronger demand on carbonate and we've been a stronger -- a larger percentage of our portfolio is carbonate historically. We've been building out hydroxide and then balancing those 2 is understanding where those chemistries go. And then long term, it's going to be about solid state and then how you shift from so much -- be more about carbonated hydroxide to about lithium metal. But that's a longer-term scenario. The carbonate hydroxide is playing out in the assets we're building now.
Eric Norris: Yes. So Colin, just a little shed more color around that. I would say that we still see a market that is for hydroxide, high nickel is favored outside of China versus in with carbonate and supporting LFP being a very big part of the China market. The innovations that have been coming out of -- largely out of China and LFP chemistries for higher energy density and efficiencies as well as the cost profile of that cathode are obviously very increasingly now interesting to the West. And so we expect that. Certainly, our Chile position is in a position of power in which we can supply into that opportunity. We'll watch that carefully. As Kent talks about -- had talked about earlier about pausing the investment here in the U.S. or North America to figure out in this uncertain market direction and develop our own strategy there. One of those -- one of the components of that has to be on the assessment of LFP in the U.S., and that will be will be part of that equation as well.
Operator: Our final question is from Patrick Cunningham at Citi.
Patrick Cunningham: In the past, you've talked about the marginal cost of production being $20 [indiscernible] and maybe new projects pushing that curve up over time. Do you still believe that to be the case given we've seen relatively tepid supply response at current prices?
Kent Masters: Yes, it changes -- it changes over time with volumes in the industry. But most new projects come on are going to be higher on the cost curve and moving that up. So we still think that within a $1 or $2, the accuracy of that. But I think we still believe that fundamentally is about the target of marginal cost today.
Patrick Cunningham: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up. Did price floors play a meaningful impact with price levels in the low teens for a good part of the quarter?
Eric Norris: I'm sorry, your question was -- the price floor impact on our realized price for the quarter? Or was that the question?
Patrick Cunningham: Yes, yes. Was there meaningful impact.
Eric Norris: Let's put it this way. We don't disclose a lot of our price floors, and they tend to range because often based on age of contracts. At current prices, some of those floors, some are being tested, floors have held. And so we certainly are seeing the floors come into play for some of our business.
Operator: Thank you. That's all the time we have for questions. I will now pass it back to Kent Masters for closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thank you, and thank you all for joining us today. We continue to innovate, adapt and lead the world in transforming essential resources into the critical ingredients for modern living with people and planet in mind. We are focused on continuing to be the partner of choice for our customers and investment of choice for both the present and the future. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to Albemarle Corporation’s Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand it over to Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability.
Meredith Bandy: Thank you. And welcome everyone to Albemarle’s fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of market yesterday and you’ll find the press release and earnings presentation posted to our website under the Investor Section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; and Neal Sheorey, Chief Financial Officer. Netha Johnson, President of Specialties; and Eric Norris, President of Energy Storage are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including our outlook considerations, guidance, expected company performance and timing of expansion projects, may constitute forward-looking statements. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation that also applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations can be found in our earnings materials. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thank you, Meredith. Now, starting on slide four, our full year results show continued strong volumetric growth, with 2023 marking the highest net sales and second highest EPS in Albemarle’s history. This highlights the focus and ability of our global team to succeed in a macro environment that remains challenging. We ended the year with net sales of $9.6 billion, up 31% compared to 2022, of which 21% was related to volume growth. Energy Storage delivered 35% volumetric growth in 2023. For the full year of 2023, Albemarle’s adjusted EBITDA was $2.8 billion or $3.4 billion excluding a lower cost or market charge recorded in the fourth quarter. Excluding this non-cash charge, adjusted EBITDA was in line with our previous expectations. In January, we announced a series of proactive measures to re-phase our organic growth investments and optimize our cost structure. These disciplined actions should allow us to unlock more than $750 million of incremental cash, advance near-term growth and preserve future opportunities. Today, we will provide our initial thoughts on our full year 2024 earnings. To help investors model Albemarle in the current environment, we will introduce scenarios based on recently observed lithium market prices. Neal will provide more details on this in a few minutes. We remain as confident as ever in the future of Albemarle and ongoing demand for the essential elements we provide to support modern infrastructure, including mobility, energy, connectivity and health. The secular trends of clean energy, electrification and digitalization continue to drive growth. We are uniquely positioned to capitalize on the opportunities in our end markets, in particular lithium demand. Over the past year, we have further strengthened Albemarle’s position and are committed to navigating the near-term dynamics in a disciplined manner to both support and capitalize on these global trends. I’ll now hand it over to Neal to discuss our financial results.
Neal Sheorey: Thanks, Kent, and good morning, everyone. It’s a pleasure to join my first earnings call with Albemarle. I’ve hit the ground running, and in the coming weeks, I’ll be on the road meeting with our shareholders and analysts. I’m looking forward to reconnecting with many of you and building new relationships with those of you I haven’t yet met. Moving to slide five, I’ll start with a review of our fourth quarter and full year 2023 performance. In Q4, we reported net sales of $2.4 billion, down 10% compared to last year, as lower lithium market pricing was partially offset by increased volumes in Energy Storage and higher volumes in pricing in Ketjen. As Kent mentioned, we recorded two charges in Q4 that impacted results. The first was a lower of cost or market charge of $604 million and the second was a tax valuation allowance in China of $223 million. These charges were fundamentally related to the fact that in the second half of 2023, lithium market prices feel over a relatively short period of time. In the case of the LCM charge, market prices reached a level such that our cost of inventory, especially spodumene, which we purchased at a market price from our Talison JV, was above the market price of the final lithium salts, which resulted in us writing down the value of our inventory in accordance with GAAP. Similarly, in the case of the tax valuation allowance, the rapid decline in market prices led us to recognizing losses in China as we process the higher cost spodumene in inventory. In China, we are only allowed a five-year carry-forward period to utilize these losses. In accordance with GAAP, we recognize the valuation allowance against the losses. The company’s full year results excluding those charges met our previously announced expectations. Net sales of $9.6 billion were up 31%, primarily driven by volume growth. Adjusted diluted EPS, excluding both charges, was $22.25, roughly flat year-over-year. Looking at slide six, fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was $289 million, excluding the lower of cost or market charge. This primarily reflects a decrease in Energy Storage adjusted EBITDA, driven by a lower lithium market pricing, which more than offset higher volumes. In Specialties, adjusted EBITDA declined $64 million, primarily due to lower sales volumes and pricing, reflecting ongoing demand weakness in key end markets. Ketjen adjusted EBITDA increased $34 million, as higher sales and higher pricing more than offset increased raw materials costs. Turning to slide seven, before I transition to forward-looking information, I want to take a moment to review our adjusted EBITDA definition and share an update that we plan to make. Effective with Q1 2024, we are updating our definition of adjusted EBITDA to include Albemarle’s share of the pre-tax earnings of our Talison joint venture. There are a few important reasons for this change. First, the updated definition better reflects our vertical integration with Talison’s Greenbushes mine, one of the world’s largest, highest grade and lowest cost lithium resources. Second, it smooths the impact of price variations in inventory timing that obscure the underlying profitability of our full-chain integration. And finally, this definition is consistent with the amendment to our revolving credit facility, which I’ll discuss later on the call. As a reference point, on this slide, we’ve given you both the Energy Storage and Albemarle full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA under the previous and updated adjusted EBITDA definition. We will report under the updated definition in 2024. Therefore, all of our comments and numbers regarding 2024 modeling considerations are based on this new definition. Turning to slide eight, to help investors model Albemarle’s earnings under different price scenarios, we have provided ranges of outcomes for our Energy Storage business based on three lithium market price scenarios that were observed in the back half of 2024. First, year-end 2023 market pricing of about $15 per kilogram of lithium carbonate equivalent or LCE. Second, Q4 2023 average market pricing, which was about $20 per kilogram of LCE. And third, second half 2023 average market pricing, which was about $25 per kilogram of LCE. Within each scenario, the ranges are based on our expectation to increase Energy Storage volumes by 10% to 20% in 2024 compared to 2023. All three scenarios assume flat market pricing flowing through Energy Storage’s current book of business. These scenarios demonstrate the resilience of our Energy Storage business. As you would expect, given our strong resource positions around the world, we can maintain solid margins even with lower year-over-year lithium pricing, which are further bolstered by our organic volumetric growth and the normalization of temporary inventory timing impacts. Moving to slide nine, here we provided modeling considerations for Specialties, Ketjen and Corporate. We expect Specialties 2024 net sales of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $270 million to $330 million. Ketjen 2024 net sales are expected to be $1 billion to $1.2 billion with adjusted EBITDA of $130 million to $150 million. The Corporate outlook reflects our planned decrease in capital expenditures, which we expect to total $1.6 million to $1.8 billion in 2024, down from $2.1 billion in 2023. Corporate costs in 2024 are expected to be between $120 million and $150 million. Corporate costs in 2023 included interest income that is not expected to recur, and therefore, excluding this factor, Corporate costs are relatively flat year-over-year. Adding it all together on slide 10, we provided here the full roll-up of Albemarle under each of the Energy Storage price scenarios. Turning to slide 11, I’ll provide some further detail on the trends that underpin each segment’s outlook. In Energy Storage, approximately two-thirds of 2024 estimated volumes are expected to be sold on index-referenced, variable-priced contracts. The remaining approximately one-third of volume is expected to be sold on short-term purchase agreements. This is a modest change from our past mix and reflects our positioning in this lower price environment. We could potentially add additional long-term contracts, but we will only entertain that if the pricing and other terms reflect long-term industry fundamentals. Energy Storage volume is expected to be weighted toward the second half of 2024 as our own capacity expansions ramp and as we experience normal seasonality. Specialties results are also expected to be back-half-weighted. The Specialties outlook reflects continued softness and opaque demand conditions in consumer electronics and elastomers and markets, partially offset by strong demand in oilfield services, agriculture and pharmaceuticals. We continue to actively monitor the situation in the Middle East, and in particular the Red Sea, and are working with our partners to facilitate safe, efficient and cost-effective transport of our products to customers. To-date, operations continue largely as normal, though we are experiencing some shipping delays and tighter availability of processing materials. In Ketjen, we are optimistic about increased volumes driven by high refinery utilization, as well as higher pricing, primarily in clean-fuel technology products. Ketjen made good progress against its improvement plans in 2023 and we are expecting another year of improvement in both net sales and adjusted EBITDA. Moving to slide 12, we continue to deliver volumetric growth with line-of-sight to a growth CAGR of about 20% from 2022 to 2027. Our expected 2024 volume growth reflects projects that are at or near completion and which we have prioritized as we reduce capital spending in other areas. This includes commissioning and startup of the Meishan lithium conversion facility, completion of commissioning activities at the Kemerton lithium conversion facility and ongoing expansions at Silver Peak, La Negra and Qinzhou. Our long-term expected lithium sales volumes are mostly unchanged as we continue to utilize flexible tolling arrangements to bridge to full capacity at our conversion expansions, as well as pace supply to current market conditions. Turning to slide 13, this is an update to a slide we provided last quarter, which explains how Energy Storage margins are impacted by JV accounting and the inherent timing lag that occurs from the mine through our conversion processes. The inventory lag we saw beginning in the second half of 2023 is expected to be reduced for two reasons. First, the lower of cost or market charge recorded in Q4 2023 resets inventory costs closer to current market pricing. And second, the Talison JV partners recently agreed to change the spodumene pricing to M-1 or a one-month lag versus the prior use of a three-month lag. That said, these changes will not completely offset the inventory lag, particularly in a period where prices have significantly changed. And therefore, we expect our first half 2024 margins in Energy Storage to be impacted by the lag as we process higher cost spodumene inventory and by expected reduced sales from Talison to our JV partner. Importantly, when we look beyond these temporal impacts, we estimate that Energy Storage could exit the year at a margin of approximately 30%, assuming constant current market pricing and a return to normal shipments from the Talison JV. Turning to slide 14 and our financial position. As our rapid action in recent months has shown, we are committed to maintaining a solid investment-grade credit rating and enhancing our financial flexibility as we navigate the lower price environment. With our earnings release yesterday, we announced that we have completed an amendment to our revolving credit facility to ensure ongoing financial flexibility. The amendment uses the revised adjusted EBITDA definition consistent with the definition that we will use for financial reporting going forward. I’m happy to share that we had unanimous support from our bank syndicate for the amendment. This action, along with all the steps we are proactively taking as a company to modify our cost and capital spending, demonstrates our focus on maintaining financial flexibility, adapting with changing market conditions and exercising our investing discipline. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Kent to provide more details on our actions to preserve growth, reduce costs and optimize cash flow.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Neal. And now turning to slide 15. In markets as dynamic as ours, growth companies must be able to pivot and pace with disciplined decision-making and focused execution. This is especially true for Albemarle as a trusted leader in the markets we serve. At Albemarle, disciplined growth means carefully prioritizing CapEx timelines when pricing moves higher and re-phasing when the market shifts. As we look to 2024 and the current market dynamics, we’ve identified certain strategic investments and projects across the enterprise that do not need to grow as fast in the short-term. In short, the returns for new projects are not there at these prices, which we believe are well below reinvestment levels. As a result, we are reducing our CapEx in 2024 by $300 million to $500 million versus 2023 by refocusing our energy on the large, high return projects that are significantly progressed near completion or in startup. Additionally, we are aligning our OpEx to a slower pace of investment. We are taking action to reduce costs by nearly $100 million and we expect to realize more than $50 million of these savings in 2024. Our actions include reducing headcount and lowering spending on contracted services. We also continue to evaluate and execute the sale of non-core investments. For example, we recently monetized our Liontown holdings, given our decision to withdraw our non-binding offer. At the same time, we’re pursuing additional cash management actions, including optimizing our working capital. This includes initiatives focused on shortening the time from the mine to the customer in our supply chain. These measures together are expected to unlock more than $750 million of cash flow in the near term. This disciplined approach to managing the current market downturn reflects the actions that we must take to preserve our financial flexibility and re-pace our investments. The actions we are taking today will position Albemarle to emerge stronger to the benefit of our shareholders, partners, employees and the communities in which we operate. Moving to slide 16, the specific re-phasing decisions within our 2024 CapEx plan include continuing critical health, safety, environmental and site maintenance projects, commissioning the Meishan lithium conversion facility, which reached mechanical completion at the end of 2023, completing commissioning activities for trains 1 and 2 at the Kemerton lithium conversion facility and prioritizing construction on train 3 of the Kemerton Expansion Project, and prioritizing permitting activities at the Kings Mountain spodumene resource. We continue to have significant optionality for long-term organic growth. At the same time, if pricing remains below reinvestment economics, we will be disciplined and hold capital at or below current levels for the foreseeable future. Moving to slide 17, the Albemarle way of excellence remains the standard by which we operate and continues to serve us well in 2024. Here we provide more details on operational discipline, a key pillar of our operating model, especially given the current environment. In 2023, we realized productivity benefits of more than $300 million, well ahead of the initial target of $170 million and we’ve identified plans that target another $280 million in productivity benefits this year. In manufacturing, we continue to implement initiatives on overall equipment effectiveness, including improvements to recovery and utilization with expected benefits of $80 million. In procurement, we are targeting benefits of $150 million by pooling Corporate spend and continuing our strategic sourcing to recognize lower raw material pricing. And finally, after restructuring certain back office functions and with reprioritized projects, we expect to realize $50 million of productivity improvements. Slide 18 demonstrates the adjustments we’ve made to our capital allocation priorities as we navigate the dynamics of our key end markets. Our four capital allocation areas remain the same with shifts in how we prioritize. As Neal highlighted earlier, maintaining our financial flexibility in this environment is a central area of focus. We’ll continue to selectively invest in high return growth, but we’ll be patient and disciplined. We expect minimal M&A in this environment as we primarily focus on organically accelerating growth at attractive returns. As we have mentioned before, we’ll continue to actively assess our own portfolio to identify opportunities to create value. Moving to slide 19, while the pricing environment has softened for the moment, we should not lose sight of the fact that we continue to see significant long-term growth in demand for limited supply. This updated forecast is about 10% below our previous forecasts from early last year and it now reflects recent OEM announcements, more moderate battery size growth and inventory destocking. At the same time, global EV penetration is expected to grow significantly, resulting in anticipated 2.5 times lithium demand growth from 2024 to 2030. In 2024 alone, we expect demand growth of 28%. To put it another way, we expect that this industry needs more than 300,000 metric tons of new LCE capacity every year. In our view, incentivizing producers to meet this demand requires long-term pricing at or above investment economics and certainly above current market pricing. At today’s prices, the economics for new greenfield projects, particularly in the west are not supported. We expect near-term supply to be relatively balanced with demand and you see that adjustment starting to happen with recently announced production curtailments and project delays, including our own. As a leader, Albemarle remains well positioned to capitalize on the long-term growth trends we see in front of us, but we’ll be disciplined in how we capture our share of it. Slide 20 shows our durable competitive advantages and how Albemarle can win as we navigate near-term conditions. We are vertically integrated with a globally diversified portfolio of world-class, low-cost resources and industrial scale conversion assets. Albemarle has leading process chemistry that allows us to build and operate large-scale assets safely and efficiently. As a leader in the markets we serve, we are a partner of choice to strategic customers and stakeholders that seek to drive innovation and growth. For example, we recently signed a multiyear supply agreement with BMW, which takes effect in 2025. That agreement will also allow both companies the opportunity to partner on technology for safer and more energy-dense lithium-ion batteries. And last but certainly not least, we are committed to operating sustainably with industry-leading ESG performance and partnering with customers and suppliers to benefit the entire supply chain. As Albemarle adapts to the market dynamics, both present and future, we are confident in our ability to deliver on our strategy and drive value for shareholders. With that, we’d like to turn the call back over to the Operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from a line of Stephen Richardson from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Stephen Richardson: Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to get a clarification on slide 12, which is always very helpful in terms of sales volumes. Could you comment on what were your fourth quarter sales volumes and what do you expect Q1 to be?
Kent Masters: Neal, you want to take that?
Neal Sheorey: Sure. Hi, there. Good morning, Stephen. So if I heard your question right, you were looking for volume growth that we had in the fourth quarter, as well as volume growth that we expect in the first quarter. So we haven’t -- with regards to 2024, we haven’t given the specific volume growth numbers across the specific quarters in 2024. As we mentioned, we expect 10% to 20% growth in the year in 2024 and really the growth trajectory in the year will be dependent on how quickly we can ramp our existing assets that are in startup at the moment.
Stephen Richardson: Thanks. Maybe just a follow-up specifically on assets. The 10-K, which it looks like you just filed, suggests, just looking at those numbers, that the Atacama was flat year-over-year. Is -- could you just give us an update on the Salar expansion and what the status is in Chile right now in terms of incremental volumes?
Kent Masters: Yeah. So I can start. Eric can fill in a little bit. So at the Salar, we were operating at capacity. We’ve done expansions at La Negra. We need brine to feed that. So that expansion is complete. But we need the brine from the Salar to feed that and then we -- we’re in commissioning of the Salar Yield Project. That’s the project that will provide the additional brine. But once we do that, it has to work its way through the brine system, and then we can, that’ll end up feeding the La Negra project. And I think that’s probably, Eric, a six-month lag, roughly, from a Salar perspective?
Eric Norris: Yeah. I mean, for virgin brine that we pump, it’s -- I think the rule of thumb has been more like 18 months, but for the Salar Yield, it’s six months. We commissioned that in the middle of last year. That’s enabling, Steve, the growth that we will see in that 10% to 20% range. A big chunk of that is coming out from carbonate, from Chile, from the La Negra plant, enabled by Salar Yield.
Stephen Richardson: Perfect. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Colin Rusch from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much, guys. Can you talk a little bit about what you’re looking for as triggers for either Salar and -- or re-accelerating some of the CapEx investments for the rest of the year?
Kent Masters: Yeah. So, I mean, to be blunt, I think that’s going to be about the pricing levels that we see and the trends that we see. So, we see demand there. The volume growth in the industry is there and we start seeing some projects come out, operating projects, as well as projects on the books, like the ones that we described. So, for us to kind of re-accelerate, if you will, we’ll need to get a better view of what pricing is and the long-term view of that as well. So we think what the prices today are unsustainable. They’re below operating cash levels of some assets that are currently operating and they’re definitely below reinvestment levels, and as we said, particularly in the West, there’s not a particular price that kicks up necessarily a range of projects off. It’s all individual, depending on the resource, where it’s located, what the cost position is of that and the conversion asset, where that’s located. So, there’s not one number that  we will look at, but we’ll look at it project-by-project, but it’s not going to -- if spot prices hit a number, that’s not going to necessarily turn us back into investment mode. We need to have a view that that’s a long-term number that we can rely on through the life of that asset.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much. You’ve talked about inventory levels for the industry in the past and I wanted to get an updated view on what you think is a normalized inventory level for the channel to keep things healthy and moving and what you’re seeing right now in terms of inventories on hand through the channel?
Eric Norris: Hey, Colin. Hi. It’s Eric. We’ve spent a lot of time looking at inventory and there’s been a drawdown effect that’s been on and off throughout all of last year and into this year. At the top of the supply chain upstream, looking at lithium salts and even the next level cathode production, we feel that inventory is normalized. The drawdown we’re seeing now, harder to predict and understand because it’s less visible to us, is at the battery cell, battery module and EV level. There are a lot of reports out there that vary on that. It’s not a highly quantitative or a highly known number, but I -- we think there’s probably a couple months’ excess as we exited last year, that will be drawn down this year that’s going to affect apparent demand. So that’s why our demand forecast is a difference if you look at, I can’t remember which slide it is, the lithium supply side towards the back of the deck between lithium demand growth and EV growth, and that is that drawdown effect happening at the battery and EV level.
Colin Rusch: That’s super helpful. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Steve Byrne: Yeah. Maybe just continuing on that discussion, where is it that you see the glut of inventory that is driving spot prices down? Is it spodumene inventories at converters that is really where the glut of material is?
Neal Sheorey: Hey, Steve. I’ll repeat what I said before. It is not upstream. We’re not seeing large inventory levels. We’re actually seeing projects, spodumene projects, go into care and maintenance. There’s several in Canada, or excuse me, in Australia, there’s one in Canada and some others that are questionable that we’re watching closely. And so it’s not there, it’s not at the conversion level. We track that as well, as well as the direct consumer for us, which is the cathode companies. We have very high visibility to that. That was at one point fairly high a year ago. That has since come down. The inventory that we’re seeing is further downstream, as I was saying earlier. It’s the battery and EV level of supply chain and that is affecting apparent demand to the lithium industry, albeit EVs are growing quite healthfully about 30% we see for the year going forward.
Steve Byrne: What would you say is driving the spot price of hydroxide to be meaningfully lower than carbonate in China and does it make sense for you to cut your operating rates to tighten that market up and drive an inflection?
Neal Sheorey: Well, look, I’ll answer the price question. Maybe Kent would like to comment on the broader supply question. On the price question, I think what you’re seeing in China is particular, let’s remember China’s almost three quarters, two-thirds to three quarters of lithium supply is consumed in China. It’s very much the market where things are set and the trend there has been strongly towards, in the past year, towards carbonate for LFP production. That trend is the opposite in other parts of the world that are developing like Europe and North America, although we are seeing LFP interest. So those two products are starting to balance out, looking to be closer to 50-50 in their mix, although we have to watch it. It will move with time as technology and scale economies develop. That is causing that near-term, if you will, putting things upside down because historically hydroxide has been higher than carbonate. In the near-term, we’re seeing that flip. We would expect that to revert over time as the industry grows. Do you want to comment on supply more broadly, Kent?
Kent Masters: I don’t -- I mean I don’t know if I have anything much to add to that. I think we supply hydroxide and carbonate. We tend to supply carbonate from Chile. So we are -- that capacity is growing, as we just talked about a little bit earlier. We will supply that into the LFP market. And then we are trying to be balanced between hydroxide and carbonate and catch those growing trends. It is a little bit more skewed toward carbonate at the moment and --but we think hydroxide catches up to that. Then your question about should we lower rates to bring that back into balance. So I don’t -- we are still ramping up and we still see growth in the market of 20% a year. We are 10% to 20% for us this year and the market is a little bit stronger than that. I think that demand catches up without us having to adjust operating rates. We are still trying to commission plants and catch up to that.
Steve Byrne: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Josh Spector from UBS. Your line is open.
Josh Spector: Good morning. Good morning. So I had a couple of questions around your pricing scenarios. When you talk about $15 a kilogram on the Asian markets, what is implied in that scenario in terms of Albemarle realized pricing and really getting towards the impact of floors, if that is meaningful or not or if anything has changed in that regard?
Neal Sheorey: Yes. Josh, it is a bit of a complicated picture, because as you may know, there are varied price indices out there. There are some for China and some for outside China. Those inside tend to be 10% to 15% lower just because of the structural differences and some other aspects that drive that. But in any event, as you look at an average price across the two, we are going to be higher than the index generally for a couple of reasons, as -- particularly as prices go low. One is floors, so it’s -- our price is a little more sticky, even though it is linked to the index. And then the other is our mix. We tend to be more biased to outside China than in. That being said, where the price goes, that will be the trend that our ASP, our average selling price, follows.
Josh Spector: Your EBITDA ranges for 15% versus 20% versus 25%. It is the same change in EBITDA between each range. If there were floors in the high-teens, low 20s, wouldn’t the increment from 15% to 20% be a bigger step up than 20% to 25%? I guess, what would I be missing in that math?
Kent Masters: Josh, we might need to look at the math you are doing, because actually the transitions between those different scenarios are a little bit different and actually if you do some averaging math in those scenarios, you will see how we have a little bit different jump between the three different scenarios.
Josh Spector: Okay. I will follow up on that offline. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Jeffrey Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. I have a question on your Specialties forecast. For next year, you -- at the midpoint, you assume EBITDA is about the same and revenues are about flat. And last year in the first quarter, I think, your Specialties EBITDA was something like $162 million and maybe you finished the year at something close to $30 million. How can you get to flat EBITDA as a base case?
Netha Johnson: Yeah. Hi, Jeff. This is Netha. I think if you look at the way we are projecting, the way pricing plays out throughout the year, you are right. The first quarter will be a little bit challenging on a year-over-year comparison standpoint. We still saw the numbers you saw, which was about a 60% growth in Q1 last year. The decline from that was really, really steep, driven by pricing. If you play that out on an annual basis for us, we think we can get back to where we were last year with maybe some upside or downside based on the ranges we provided with the pricing we expect to see going forward, and as Neal stated, that really is about a second half ramp in market volume and market pricing that we see coming and it’s really driven by how we look at the forward indicators with semiconductors, which for us is a good proxy for electronics already up 25% in the first quarter alone.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. And then for my follow-up, can you talk about what your either cash flow expectations are this year or free cash flow expectations for 2024?
Neal Sheorey: Yeah. Hi. I’m sorry, Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Sure.
Neal Sheorey: Sorry. So this is Neal. Jeff, good morning. So, yes, we have obviously several things that are in motion right now with regards to our cash flow and I just want to put a finer point on what we’re working on with regards to operating cash flow. Obviously, we’ve already mentioned that we are working hard on aligning our own OpEx to the current pricing in the market. We’re also working on several operational things from a working capital perspective. You should expect in a deflationary environment that we should continue to release cash from working capital. And additionally, we’re looking for other levers that we can pull to further reduce inventory in our network. For example, investors are well aware that we have a long time between the mine and the customer in our natural supply chain. So we’re looking for ways that we can reduce that and harvest cash from there. And then, of course, from a free cash flow standpoint, we’re reducing CapEx, as Kent mentioned earlier. In addition to that, we also have what I call non-operational cash flow items that we’re working on. This is things such as looking at what we can do with our working capital balances and generating financing from that. Now, all of that said, I realize that, some people may want a rule of thumb of how to think about this. So if you think about things from a cash conversion standpoint, and obviously, it will depend on what your lithium scenario is, but a cash conversion, if you look over the last three years or four years, this company has averaged a conversion of about 50%, plus or minus 10%. So that’s one example that you can use to think about how to model operating cash flow.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you very much and good morning. Maybe just following up on that, just looking at the balance sheet at the year end, your receivables are up year-over-year, your inventory is up year-over-year, your payables are about flat and that’s in a -- obviously, the lithium price ended the year much lower at the end of 2023 than it did at the end of 2022. So what’s the bridge on that that caused that working capital to build despite the lower prices?
Neal Sheorey: Yeah. Good morning, Vincent. So it’s a few things. I think one of the important ones with regard to inventory is, remember that we have several assets that are in startup. So there has been a natural build in inventory through 2023 and you will continue to see that to some extent in 2024 as we build that inventory and work through the commissioning and startup of these new facilities that we have around the world. Remember, too, that there’s a timing aspect to this as well and so you have the timing of shipment and how that flows through our working capital, and so when you look at an end of year punctual period, you won’t necessarily see the impact of the timing of those shipments and so when we take a snapshot at the end of the year, it might not accurately reflect sort of the lag that we have in our supply chain. But just to link your question, Vincent, also to what Jeff just asked, as you think about whatever your lithium price scenario is, and as you think about working capital cash release in 2024, depending on the scenario that you pick, if you use the scenarios we put in our deck, we’re looking at a sales decline of somewhere between $2 billion to $4 billion, depending on the scenario, and historically, we use a rule of thumb here at the company that working capital is around 25% of sales. So you should expect in 2024 that we can release cash to the tune of $500 million to $1 billion, depending, of course, on how those scenarios evolve in 2024.
Vincent Andrews: That’s very helpful. Thank you. And Kent, can I just ask you to refresh us on what return on invested capital you’re looking for when you put CapEx to work in the Energy Storage business and I don’t know if you want to define it differently by geography, but just sort of what those rough hurdle rates are and if they’ve evolved at all over the last few years, given the price movement.
Kent Masters: Yeah. So we -- I mean, we kind of have a benchmark that we use to where we say at trough pricing, we want to get our cost of capital and double that at kind of the mid-cycle pricing. So now those numbers have moved around on us, but that’s kind of our -- still our aim when we do projects is, when we look at it at what we believe is trough pricing, that that would generate a cost of capital and then kind of twice that at mid-cycle pricing -- average pricing.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning, and Neal, welcome aboard. Kent and Eric, Energy Storage EBITDA guidance, if you were to mark-to-market that guidance to current prices, assuming no change in prices for the rest of the year, how much lower would your EBITDA guidance be for Energy Storage?
Eric Norris: Yeah. Hi, David. Good morning. Look, I think we’ve provided the numbers here for people to interpolate as they would like to between these different lithium price scenarios and so you can do your interpolation based on what you think the market price is at the moment. The only caution that I would give you as you think about a lower price scenario, which I think is where your question is getting at is and you can see this in our scenarios, as you get to these levels, it’s not unreasonable to think you’re bumping into some of the floors that we have in our contracts and those are at varying price levels, but you will see that in the math of our scenario. So I wouldn’t necessarily take that interpolation one for one if you’re going down further than the scenarios we’ve given.
David Begleiter: Understood. And Eric, just on lepidolite production in China, how much do you think has been shut in? How much do you expect to be shut in? Why has there not been more shut-in up until now for lepidolite production in China?
Eric Norris: Well, thanks for the question, David. A couple of things I’d say. When we look at shut-in capacity or capacity that’s exited the market in general and a big chunk of it is lepidolite, but some of also non-integrated spodumene and some of it is spodumene itself that’s come offline or is about to come offline because it’s very high cost, it’s above current spodumene costs even or prices rather or the cost is above current spodumene prices. But that is about 200,000 tons in total that has come off. Lepidolite is probably close to maybe a third to a half of that, somewhere in that range. The non-integrated lepidolite production has come off. Some of the integrated lepidolite production that is of weaker grade is well below -- the price is well below the cash cost of that. It’s very hard for us to -- we know that, we know what the economics are, we can’t necessarily understand why some of it’s there. It’s still operating, because otherwise it should be -- our math tells us it should be coming offline. So we can’t quite understand what’s going on there, but there’s still quite a bit, there’s still some capacity in the market that’s, well, like I said, at current prices, cost is well above those prices.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson: Hi guys. I’m not sure it’s Joe Jackson. So I wanted to ask a question about some of your sales guns for Energy Storage. If I take your guide, it’s $15,000 a ton, 10% to 20% more volume than the 150,000 tons you did Energy Storage last year. That would imply sales just a bit below $3 billion, maybe $2.9 billion for Energy Storage for this year. We’re going to, I think, $3.3 billion or something like that. What is the $400 million or $500 million difference in sales? Is that an accounting thing, spodumene, can you explain it, please?
Neal Sheorey: Hi there, Joel. No. It is not an accounting thing. I am wondering what volumes you’re using, because the ranges that we set here in our scenarios are based on the range of volumes that we’ve put here on the slide, slide eight in our deck and so we’ve adjusted the ranges based on that. So there’s definitely no accounting noise in that revenue number. Additionally, I should say this, too. Maybe this explains it. Just remember that for Energy Storage in total, there are other products that are in Energy Storage that don’t necessarily move one for one with lithium market price. So maybe that’s another piece of what is in your math as well.
Joel Jackson: Yes. Okay. Fair enough. I just wanted to also ask you about the U.S. strategy. So as this industry was really looking at regional supply chains and you really were going to go after Kings Mountain and U.S. Mega-Flex, you put those plans on hold, but you’re still doing the permitting, of course, at Kings Mountain. As you know, it takes a while sometimes to get mine’s permit in the States. Is this -- how important is this U.S. strategy going to be? Is this something maybe that will have to be reassessed? Can the DoE or DoD with some of the different funding options help revive some of this? It seems like there’s a bit of a damper here on some of the objectives of political and the industry.
Eric Norris: Yeah. No. I think there’s a big impact on that. I’m building this, we say in the West, so called Europe and North America, but focus is and we were a bit more focused on North America, we have access to a great resource at Kings Mountain, but where prices are today, the economics aren’t there for those projects. So we continue to progress, as you said, the permitting, the kind of real long lead time items that are not real capital intensive, in anticipation of prices coming back to where we’d be able to do those investments or some support or another way that we maybe could do those. But they’ve been pushed out. I mean, our -- at Richburg, we haven’t, that’s not a canceled project, it’s been delayed. So we’re still doing some of the long lead time permitting there, but no construction and we stopped engineering work on it. And Kings Mountain, we’re progressing with the permitting because that’s long lead time. We hope to work out a solution, but it requires better pricing in order to execute on those projects. And those are prom -- and those are kind of the two of the best opportunities to start the supply chain. We need a lot more support, not just, we can’t do it ourselves, but that would be the first project we would bring to market in North America, and probably, as others as well, particularly around resources.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Mike Sison from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Mike Sison: Hey. Good morning. Could you just remind us, given your new CapEx plans, what your -- what capacity you’ll end with in 2024 and then could you give us an update on how you think that will unfold in 2025, 2026, 2027? So where do you think you’ll be in capacity to offer the market over the next several years?
Eric Norris: So depending on where we land -- Mike’s is Eric, depending on where we land in that range of 10% to 20%, you’re talking something that could be close to, it’s going to get close to 200,000 tons, 190,000 tons, 200,000 tons at the top end and that is being driven, just to be specific, by more production out of Chile, which we discussed earlier and that’s realizing some of the efficiencies of the Salar Yield Project and the bottlenecking capacity downstream for La Negra to drive that growth. It’s also being driven by increased spodumene production out of Australia and the ramp of Kemerton, Qinzhou as well, where Meishan is more of a 2025 item for the time being, but that plan is ramping nicely for that period of time. That then brings me to how you think about the future. Kemerton I and II will continue to ramp as you go into 2025. Meishan will start to ramp in 2025 and 2026. The interesting thing about our near-term volume picture is we’re going to be looking at that sort of 20% plus volume growth for some years to come, based upon the investments we have made already. The things that we have idled or paused from an investment standpoint that Kent earlier referenced were longer term, further out, sort of really second half of decade in terms of what they were going to deliver. So the impact of slowing those down, should prices stay low and we not return to investing those projects will be felt in the latter part of the decade, which is, I’ll also remind you, is a point in time where we see industry supply already getting tight relative to demand. So there’s some real challenges because we don’t see demand slowing down. We certainly see weakness in certain parts of the smallest market, which is North America, but on the whole we see a very strong growth and a challenging environment for supply to be able to meet it in the long term. But we have good growth, I would say, in the coming years for multiple several years ahead of us.
Kent Masters: And some of that is just the lead time and getting these investments on the books and then executing against it. It’s a number of years to get those out there. So the projects we’re pulling back on, as Eric said, impact the back half of the decade.
Mike Sison: Got it. And just a quick follow-up, and just because I figured you guys be better off knowing what the potential is for lithium prices. I know you don’t want to get into a specific forecast, but what do you think needs to happen to get pricing back to greenfield economics?
Kent Masters: Well, I mean, prices stay where they are. You’re going to see production come off and projects come off the books and that will eventually bring prices up and balance will happen. And then hoping we’re in a cycle where lower highs and higher lows starts to prevail, but -- and that was what we were anticipating in this cycle. This is still higher than the last low, so maybe it’s just not quite as mature as we had anticipated. But we need to get into lower highs and higher lows so that there is some consistency in the industry and people can see through to an investment case for new projects.
Eric Norris: It’s not an understatement to say, Mike, that if prices stay where they are, which is well below marginal cash costs, and as we said, we thought it would be less volatile, is that you’re going to see -- we believe, you’re going to see enough projects ultimately come off that that inflection point where we start to get structurally short on supply moves forward from the latter part of the decade into the middle part of the decade. So that only -- what that says is excessively low prices only aggravate excessively high prices potentially down the road. That’s the challenge. We, and certainly our customers, would love to see a much more moderated cycle and as the market does recover, we’ll look to try to find ways to reduce that volatility in our mix. But certainly we’d hope that for the industry more broadly as well.
Mike Sison: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of John Roberts from Mizuho. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you. Does that lower end of the 2024 volume growth at 10% include a sequentially flat March quarter or sequentially down March quarter in volume?
Kent Masters: So sequentially from the fourth quarter, is that what your question, I guess, year-over-year…
John Roberts: Correct.
Kent Masters: Just to clarify the question.
John Roberts: We start the year out without any growth sequentially.
Kent Masters: Yeah. I mean, I think, there’s going to be a difference between production and sales. I think you -- if you look at what happens seasonally with EVs, it is -- each year is a rapid rise to December and then a drop seasonally in January. So from a production standpoint, we’ll be sequentially up. From a demand standpoint, seasonal demand plays a role for the whole industry, including us.
John Roberts: Okay. And then on slide 19 that has the industry EV growth and the lithium growth, so battery sizes are getting smaller here in the near-term, but it looks like it flips and the assumption here is that full EV start -- before the end of the decade, full electric start out growing hybrids again?
Kent Masters: Yeah. Well, and it’s hard to generalize that, John. I mean, I think, you have to go by region. So what I’d tell you is in China, there was a nice growth in plug-in hybrids last year. By our reckoning and our estimates, the estimates we had at the beginning of the year where we didn’t anticipate that, that plug-in hybrid growth came at the expense of internal combustion engines, not at the expense of battery electric vehicles in China, which is the largest market. It’s 6% of the market. In Europe in the past year, you’ve seen the opposite trend. Battery electric vehicles have been growing faster than plug-in hybrids. The U.S., which is the smallest market is in a pivot point now, which I don’t, we’ll have to see which direction it goes. There’s a lot of discussion about how certain automotive producers are struggling with demand and costs to play and so I think they’re looking at plug-in hybrids as an alternative, but it is on the margin it’s the smallest market. So I think it has the least effect on lithium demand. By and large, going back to your original question, battery size grows, may grow at varying rates year on year on year, but it grows over time as we go forward.
Operator: And our final question comes from a line of Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Thank you and good morning. Would you comment on the expected quarterly cadence or phasing of your adjusted EBITDA and Energy Storage in your $15 per kilogram scenario? I thought I heard a comment in the prepared remarks that you would expect to be at a 30% margin by the end of the year. So perhaps you can kind of walk through that margin escalation expectation.
Neal Sheorey: Yeah. A couple of things to -- Kevin, good morning. This is Neal. Just a couple of things to think about as you think about the quarterly ramp. First of all, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, in Energy Storage, we expect most of the volume growth or at least two-thirds of the volume growth to occur in the back half of the year as our plants ramp up. So remember that we are still ramping these facilities through the first half of the year and then you’ll start to see that volume kick in as we get into the back half of the year. That’s point number one. Point number two is that as we move through, particularly the first quarter, we are still working off some spodumene inventory that is higher priced. And so as we mentioned again in the prepared remarks, you should expect that that will weigh on our margins in the first quarter. That is just by nature of the inventory lag that everyone’s very familiar with as we process that spodumene. Why margins then start to improve as we go through the year and we exit the year at this sort of stronger 30% margin that I mentioned in the prepared remarks is because as things normalize and you have a spodumene cost running through our P&L that’s more indicative of the lithium salt prices, you start to see come through the margin strength of our Energy Storage business even in this lower priced environment, which you would expect when you’re sitting on some of the best resource in the world. And so I would -- my counsel here is to think about margins rising as you go through the year in one part because of volume, but also in another part as we work through this inventory lag and then get to the back half of the year.
Kevin McCarthy: That makes sense. Thank you for that. And as a follow-up, if I zoom out the lens and look at your segment margins during the last cyclical trough for lithium, they were around 34% or 35% under the old definition of adjusted EBITDA. And so my question would be if prices persist at the $15 per kilogram scenario, what do you think the new trough margins could be moving forward into let’s say 2025 plus? Is that mid-30% level still representative or indicative or do you think they would be materially higher or lower than that?
Neal Sheorey: I mean I’ll jump in here. I mean I think that it’s -- let me tell you the variables. The answer is it’s going to be fairly similar, we believe, because what are the factors? One, we are on -- again, once spodumene prices are indicative of lithium prices. They haven’t been most of all last year and into the early part of this year just because of the accounting we’ve talked about, the lag we’ve talked about within Talison. And once they are, you’re dealing with a margin. That’s one benefit that gets us back to where we were before. When you talk about the last cyclical trough, prices were even, well, they’re about where, they were lower than where they are now and we’re earning a 34% EBITDA margin. But the difference then is spodumene was a smaller percentage of our sales mix. It’s a much larger percentage now. It is a slightly higher cost than Chilean brine. That’s one thing to note at these prices. The other is that we didn’t have nearly as many plants in the commissioning stage and these are plants that take a couple years to ramp. They have a fixed cost associated with them. That’s a drag when you’re ramping those plants. The upside benefit of that is, without any further capital investment, we’re going to continue to grow for the next couple of years, as I said to Mike earlier. The downside is it’s a drag that brings your margins down. So that’s -- these are the factors that would lead us at these prices, which are, as I said, at this trough, above last -- the prior trough, amid sort of 30%s EBITDA margin.
Kevin McCarthy: Very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. That’s all the time we have for questions. I will now pass it back to Kent Masters for closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Thank you and thank you all for joining us today. Albemarle is a global leader in transforming essential resources into the critical ingredients for modern living, with people and planet in mind. Our strategy and path to capitalize on the opportunities of electrification over the coming years is clear and we will continue to operate with the discipline operating model to scale and innovate, deliver profitable growth and advance sustainability. We continue to work to be the partner of choice for our customers and the investment of choice for both the present and the future. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 11:53:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Sheryl and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Albemarle Corporation’s Q3 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now hand it over to Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability.
Meredith Bandy: Alright. Thank you, Sheryl and welcome to Albemarle’s third quarter conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of market yesterday and you will find the press release and earnings presentation posted to our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Netha Johnson, President of Specialties; and Eric Norris, President of Energy Storage, are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including our outlook, guidance, expected company performance, timing of expansion projects, and growth initiatives may constitute forward-looking statements. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation, which also applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations can be found in our earnings materials. And now, I will turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thank you, Meredith. Before we begin, I am sure most of you have seen that this will be Scott’s last quarterly call as CFO. Scott is transitioning roles to become a strategic advisor, while Neal Sheorey will join the company as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on November 6. Scott has had a positive impact on the company since he joined in 2011. With his leadership, we have advanced Albemarle’s growth strategy and maintained our commitment to operating with people and planet in mind. In this new role, Scott will provide strategic advice into our long-range plans and will also be on hand to assist with Neal’s transition. I know you will join me in thanking Scott for his contributions to Albemarle over the past 13 years. Our third quarter results reflect strong operating performance and continued volumetric growth in a challenging macro environment. Our net sales were up 10% in the third quarter versus the same period last year. However, adjusted EBITDA was down due to softer lithium market pricing and timing impacts of spodumene inventory from our JV-owned assets. Based on current market prices, we have revised our 2023 outlook, which still contemplates an increase in net sales between 30% and 35% year-over-year. We remain bullish about Albemarle’s long-term growth, our role in enabling a more resilient world and our strategy to deliver enduring value. In the third quarter, we made significant progress advancing these efforts. During the quarter, we signed agreements with Caterpillar to collaborate on solutions to support the full circular battery value chain and sustainable mining operations. As part of the partnership, we will purchase an all-electric mining fleet for Kings Mountain and make our North American produced lithium available for use in Caterpillar battery production. We will also explore opportunities to collaborate with Caterpillar on R&D of battery cell technology and recycling techniques. With this collaboration, we and Caterpillar will be both customers and suppliers of each other with shared goals to pioneer the future of sustainable mining technology and operations. We also received a $90 million grant from the U.S. Department of Defense to help support the expansion of domestic mining and the production of lithium for the nation’s battery supply chain. The grant will be used to purchase fleet of mining equipment in support of the Kings Mountain restart. Earlier this month, we finalized simplified commercial arrangements related to our joint venture transaction with Mineral Resources. Under the revised agreements, Albemarle will take full ownership of the Kemerton lithium processing facility and 50% ownership of the Wodgina spodumene mine in Australia and retain full ownership of the Qinzhou and Meishan lithium processing facilities in China. I will now hand it over to Scott to walk through our financial results.
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Kent and hello everyone. On Slide 5, let’s review our third quarter performance. Net sales were $2.3 billion, up 10% compared to last year. This increase was driven by higher energy storage volumes, thanks to expansion of our mining and conversion assets. Net income attributable to Albemarle was approximately $303 million, down 66% compared to the prior year. Similarly, diluted EPS was $2.57, down 66%. Higher net sales were more than offset by higher cost of goods sold, primarily due to inventory timing and I will discuss these timing impacts more in a moment. Our year-to-date results reflect the strong performance and significant growth we have achieved this year despite recent softer lithium pricing. For the 9 months ended September 30, net sales are up 55% year-over-year and net income is up 42%. Looking at Slide 6, third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $453 million, a decrease of 62% year-over-year, driven primarily by softer lithium market pricing and timing impacts of spodumene inventory and energy storage. The Specialties business was also down due to continued lower volumes and pricing related to softness in certain end markets. For the first three quarters of 2023, adjusted EBITDA was more than $3 billion, up 38% against last year. Again, energy storage growth reflects the majority of that increase with both volumes and prices up year-over-year. On Slide 7, as Kent mentioned, we are lowering our total company outlook for 2023. As has been our practice, this outlook assumes recent lithium market price indices are constant for the remainder of the year. And as a result, we have decreased the range for net sales. Under this methodology, 2023 total company net sales would be in the range of $9.5 billion to $9.8 billion. This range represents an increase in net sales of 30% to 35% over the prior year, driven by the ramp of our energy storage volumes. Our adjusted EBITDA outlook is expected to be in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion. This implies full year EBITDA margins of 34% to 35%. Our full year 2023 adjusted EPS outlook has also been adjusted to a range of $21.50 to $23.50. We expect our net cash from operations to be in the range of $600 million to $800 million. The decrease in adjusted EBITDA and net cash from operations reflects current lithium market prices and lower expected sales volumes at our Talison joint venture. Our partner at Talison, elected not to take their full allocation in the second half of this year, and this has impacted our equity income for the period. Our CapEx guidance remains in line with previous forecasts at $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion, which as a reminder from last quarter, reflects 100% ownership of our conversion assets with the completed revised agreements with Mineral Resources. We expect to provide our full year 2024 outlook on our fourth quarter call in February. Turning to the next slide for more detail on our outlook by segment. Assuming recent lithium market prices remain constant through the rest of the year, we expect energy storage 2023 net sales in the range of $7 billion to $7.2 billion and adjusted EBITDA to be flat to slightly down on the year as timing impacts of higher priced spodumene more than offset higher net sales. We are projecting that full year average realized pricing increases will be in the range of 15% to 20% year-over-year and energy storage volume growth in the range of 30% to 35% year-over-year. We continue to expect Q4 to see stronger production volumes as a result of project ramps. In 2024, volume growth is anticipated to continue as as Kemerton, Qinzhou and La Negra ramp to meet the expected demand from continued strong EV production. In the Specialties, we now expect net sales to be approximately $1.5 billion, with adjusted EBITDA expected to be down 40% to 45% year-over-year for the full year. This is due to continued softness in consumer electronics and elastomers, partially offset by strength in demand in other specialties end markets, including pharmaceuticals and oilfield. We continue to monitor the situation in the Middle East and any impacts at our operations in Jordan. Currently, JBC is operating as usual without disruption to our supply chain. Macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties will impact market visibility in this business well into 2024. Ketjen’s 2023 full year adjusted EBITDA is now expected to be up 250% to 325% year-over-year due to higher pricing and volumes as well as productivity improvements. During the quarter, we saw higher volumes driven by high refinery utilization. We also saw benefits of higher contract pricing primarily for FCC products, which is expected to continue through 2023 and into 2024. We are encouraged to see inflation in Material and Energy costs moderating and expect this trend to continue through 2024. On Slide 9, we have an experienced team that knows how to operate in a variety of price environments. Maintaining our disciplined growth mindset we are taking a comprehensive review of actions that will support our near-term profitability and cash flow. As we’ve done in the past, we’re reviewing our project spend and sequencing of our projects to preserve cash. We’re also implementing cost and efficiency improvements across our business. For example, we’ve reduced non-critical travel and are reducing discretionary spending. Our Albemarle Way of Excellence is the standard by which we choose to operate. Slide 10 provides an update to the targets we’ve made in manufacturing and procurement. We’re on track to exceed our goal of $170 million in productivity benefits in 2023. In manufacturing, improvements to our overall equipment effectiveness to improve yield and utilization are expected to exceed $70 million in benefits. In procurement, we strategically sourced to capture lower raw material pricing. In 2024, we expect to increase these initiatives, targeting additional benefits across manufacturing, procurement and back office. Lowering operational costs in our business is critical to our success as we orient towards sustainable growth. As a reminder, most of our energy storage volumes are sold under long-term contracts with strategic customers. Our expected 2023 sales mix on Slide 11 remains unchanged from last quarter and reflects recent lithium market prices. We expect year-over-year energy storage volume growth to be in the range of 30% to 35% in 2023. This is driven by successful execution and ramping new capacity as well as additional tolling. With additional conversion assets coming online in 2024 and beyond, we still anticipate a 20% to 30% CAGR in Albemarle sales volumes between now and 2027. And we remain on track to nearly triple our volumes to more than 300,000 tons. Slide 13, is the updated bridge for our energy storage adjusted EBITDA margins. Full year 2023 margins are expected to normalize in the 40% range from the very high rates we saw in 2022. As always, Talison equity income is included in our adjusted EBITDA on an after-tax basis, that tax drag impacted EBITDA margins by about 7% to 10%. The other impacts on the chart are relatively small and our offsetting. Higher lithium pricing is offset by other items. This year, we had a 5% negative impact from MARBL JV accounting that goes away next year with the closure of the restructured MARBL JV. That leaves the largest impact to our margins at 20% spodumene inventory lag. We understand this inventory lag is complicated and can be difficult to forecast. So I want to spend a little bit more time on that. Through the Talison joint venture, Albemarle has access to one of the world’s best lithium resources. Greenbushes is a large, high-grade and, therefore, low-cost spodumene mine. We recognize our 49% share of Talison earnings in equity income and cash dividends. Our 50% share of Talison offtake also flows through inventories and cost of goods sold based on market pricing. The timing of inventories and sales can often drive short-term margin variations. Excluding these timing impacts, we expect energy storage adjusted EBITDA margins to be in the range of 30% to 40%, even at today’s prevailing market pricing for lithium and spodumene. Turning to Slide 15. In the Talison joint venture, we recognized profit associated with our partners’ offtake immediately. We recognized profit associated with our offtake when the product is converted and sold which typically takes about 6 months from when we first extract spodumene from the ground. Throughout 2022 in the first half of 2023, Talison pricing on partner shipments was higher than that realized on our own shipments. Timing differences between the recognition of our profit on our partner’s offtake and our offtake resulted in about $800 million of benefit to EBITDA during that period. As spodumene market prices decrease, we expect this effect to reverse as we recognized higher priced spodumene and cost of goods sold and lower prices in equity income. However, we expect this timing-related impact to be temporary, with no impact to adjusted EBITDA at steady market prices. Again, assuming today’s market prices are held constant, we expect energy storage adjusted EBITDA margins to average in the range of 30% to 40%. Turning to Slide 16. Albemarle’s capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. First, investing in high-return organic and inorganic growth, second, maintaining financial flexibility and our investment-grade credit rating; and lastly, funding our dividends. Planned expansions to deliver volumetric growth continue to progress across the company’s global portfolio. Although, as I mentioned before, in this softer market, we are taking a hard look at the level of our CapEx spending and the sequence of our projects. As it relates to inorganic opportunities, we announced a few weeks ago that we decided not to pursue a binding agreement to purchase Liontown and formally withdrew our non-binding offer. While we had productive engagement with Liontown and as we learn more, we decided that moving forward with the acquisition at this time was not in Albemarle’s best interest. This reflects our disciplined capital allocation and M&A approach. As we look forward, we continue to evaluate a broad range of M&A opportunities. However, in the current environment, the scale of those opportunities are not as big. And we have many options available across 3 areas: lithium resources, process technology for our core business and for new advanced materials and battery recycling. Turning to Slide 17. Our balance sheet flexibility is a competitive advantage that allows us to grow both organically and through acquisition as well as support shareholder returns. As of year-end 2023, we expect our leverage ratio to be 1.2x to 1.3x net debt-to-EBITDA. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Kent for a market update and closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Scott. On Slide 18, we highlight the continued growth in EV sales that reinforces our long-term growth opportunity. Year-to-date through September, EV sales remain on track for 40% year-on-year growth and show end market demand to be resilient. While the U.S. and Europe make up only about one-third of total EV production in ‘23 and ‘24, near term, we see potential challenges for EV growth in those regions related to economic softness and higher interest rates. We are monitoring any economic impacts to the seasonal acceleration in EV sales at the end of the year. Our long-term view of secular growth continues to be supported not only by the adoption of EVs, but transformations across mobility, energy, connectivity and health. Slide 19 provides a view of lithium inventories across the value chain. Both upstream and downstream producers have continued destocking with very low levels of lithium inventory at cathode producers. Cuts to higher-cost supply have continued as some lepidolite producers, and merchant converters have reduced production. Turning now to Slide 20. We remain on track to achieve strong net sales growth up 30% to 35% year-over-year. This reflects our continued growth investments and the strength of our portfolio that have enabled us to overcome the near-term pricing challenges. We are disciplined in both how we operate and how we allocate capital providing an edge across economic cycles. Albemarle is a global leader with world-class assets and a diversified product portfolio positioned to supply key growth sectors. We have a competitive advantage with vertically integrated assets and innovative advanced solutions designed to meet our customers’ needs. The actions we took this quarter, including our collaboration with Caterpillar, and the restructuring and simplification of the MARBL joint venture help us build on this advantage. The long-term growth trajectory of our end markets remain strong including continued growth in electric vehicles. Our strategy is clear to capitalize on this opportunity with a disciplined operating model to scale and innovate, accelerate profitable growth and advanced sustainability. With that, I’d like to turn the call back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi. Patrick, your line is now open.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. So one of your JV partners is not taking the full allocation at Greenbushes and do you still plan to take your full volume allocation? And do you see any risk of production cuts in the first quarter, perhaps its concentrated stockpile?
Kent Masters:
– :
Patrick Cunningham: That’s helpful. And then just given some of the recent price weakness headlines, dialing back EV targets, I’m just curious on more detail on how you’re thinking about growth investments and trajectory going forward. How has your thinking started to change on regions, project spending and sequencing of those projects?
Kent Masters: Yes. So we’re going through that at the moment. So we’re not prepared to really give guidance for next year’s capital plan, but we are taking a look at that. Everything we can do to cut capital, but without really impacting the long-term growth trajectory or the growth projects that we’ve developed out there. So there is some flexibility around sequencing and we will be able to put some projects out slightly without really changing the long-term profile for that. And that’s the work that we’re doing now, and we will be able to give guidance on that in the February call.
Patrick Cunningham: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Josh, your line is open.
Josh Spector: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I guess, first, I wanted to ask on kind of lithium pricing and specifically the realized pricing for Albemarle. And just kind of thinking about a scenario where spot goes less than $20, so say, $18 per kilogram. What happens to the other 80% of your contracts? You’ve talked about floors, you’ve indicated that there above or at the high end of the cost curve. But what really does that mean? In that scenario, I guess, what does Albemarle realize in terms of pricing?
Eric Norris: Good morning, Josh, it’s Eric. As you know, we don’t give precise price guidance for our overall portfolio. But let me try to help and give you some perspective around this. First off, obviously, a spot price realized in China, will look different as you look at other market pricing around the world. There is – most of the supply or a lot of the supply comes from China, they are transactional and VAT considerations that would translate that to a higher price oftentimes outside of China. We have floors on our 80% of our index reference contracts. We have a variety of different floors. We don’t disclose that, but it’s designed to give us protection so that we can continue to operate well, continue to pursue growth capital in the near-term and to sustain the margins that Scott was talking about. And as we look forward, I mean, we are – I’d have to little bit perplexed as to why price is where it is. These are levels that for a great number of the higher-cost projects we would expect supply to come off, and in fact, have seen supply come off, should prevail. We’d expect to see potentially other resources or other projects be slowed down. From our perspective, though, we have a growth plan that’s double-digit growth next year. We feel comfortable with the protection of our contracts give us and importantly, the low-cost position we have going forward in our portfolio.
Josh Spector: Yes, thanks, Eric. And I guess I wanted to follow-up just on the margin comments that you made, Scott. So the range that you gave, I mean, it’s different than you go back a couple of years ago, you talked about 45% plus. And I believe at that time, you said you could maintain those margins in a lower price environment. I guess I don’t know if I’m remembering right or if anything has changed, but what accounts for the difference?
Scott Tozier: Yes. I think the difference, Josh, is that when we made those mid kind of 40% comments, we were thinking about a mid-cycle type of pricing. As we look at this 30% to 40% that I commented on today, that’s really at today’s prevailing prices. And again, it’s based on constant pricing as opposed to some of the volatility, which is going to distort our margins either higher as prices go up or lower as prices come down.
Josh Spector: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Joel, your line is open.
Joel Jackson: Good morning, Eric. So I think Eric, you just said you were perplexed how low prices have come down to maybe low 20s here, LCE – so you said you’re considering reinvestment economics. So maybe you could talk about why you think prices have gone down to where they are? Is it lepidolite? Is it African spodumene? Is it something else? What do you think? Everyone is still there?
Operator: We are here. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.
Meredith Bandy: Hi, can you hear us on the line?
Operator: We can hear you.
Eric Norris: Shanelle, can you hear us?
Operator: Yes, we can hear you.
Eric Norris: Okay. Okay. Sorry, not sure what happened there. So Shanelle, I’ll – if it’s okay, and you can hear me, just confirming?
Operator: Yes, I can hear you.
Eric Norris: Okay. So I’ll continue to answer Joel’s question. Joel, so I apologize for the interruption...
Joel Jackson: Can we start from the beginning, Eric, if that’s okay? I didn’t hear it anyway.
Eric Norris: Yes. So what I was describing is that we do a lot of work to model supply and demand. And if you look last year, this year, next year, remove for a moment, what we know has happened this year, which has been an inventory correction in the supply chain, the industries by our reckoning is operating at us if you look at supply or demand over supply about a mid-90s capacity utilization rate. So that’s the part that’s perplexing. And in any other market, at those levels, you wouldn’t see pricing fall like it has. Now we have had an inventory correction this year. It’s largely run its course, at least at the cathode level in the largest market in the world, and that’s one of the slides we shared with you. Any inventory correction further in the supply chain, we would expect on balance to occur or be behind us or certainly be behind us in the balance of this year. And so as we look forward, we don’t see a rationale for why prices would fall to where they are because they are below reinvestment economics. As we’ve said many times, our concern would be towards the end of the decade that there needs to be a sufficient amount of capacity to serve the EV market. Here we are operating at a healthy – relatively healthy supply-demand utilization with prices where they are. So it’s very difficult to explain how that’s the case, Joel, but obviously, we’re well positioned with our cost position and our go-to-market strategy to weather that storm. It’s just – it’s going to be challenging for the industry at these levels. So that’s our greater concern is future availability and investment in supply to support the transition across the industry. So that’s probably the best we can tell you in terms of our view at the moment.
Joel Jackson: Okay, thank you for that. If I can follow-up, on them. I think it was Kent too said, a little few minutes ago, you’re going to look at maybe ratcheting back your growth plans, it look like slightly, so slow down a little bit sequencing, but not changing anything in your longer-term plan. So what if you’re not right about your lithium price view here and what if prices are lower and the returns aren’t as good as you think and you’re going to go full team ahead on a lot of this growth, but ends up not being needed? How do you balance the risk of overspending and driving negative free cash for a long time with making sure you are supplying enough volume for the market over time and maintaining your market share?
Kent Masters: Yes. So that’s the balance, right? I think what we’re saying is we look at our capital programs, and we’re going to cut back where we can. And – but it’s not changing our overall strategy around growth – and again, our cost position protects us with that. So it’s not really the returns on the projects given what we see, but it’s more about the capital that we’re investing while the market is down. So we’re just adjusting the timing on that, and then we will be cautious as we layer those back in over time to make sure that we’re right around pricing.
Joel Jackson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael with Wells Fargo Securities. Michael, your line is open.
Michael Sison: Hey, guys. Scott it’s been great working with you over the last decade or so. So for 2024, can you still do or do you still expect demand to support sort of that 200,000 KTs that you’re expecting to expand to? And if you do, I guess, at these pricing levels, you could do 30% to 40% EBITDA margin?
Eric Norris: Why don’t I comment on the demand first. I think it’s an important topic, and then I’ll turn it over to Scott. This is Eric speaking. A couple of facts just to get a flavor of our business today. All of our contracts are performing. We’re able to sell product into the spot markets for that 20%. There is a lot of negative sentiment broadly in sort of media around the marketplace. It happens to be around maybe certain manufacturers announcements. I think you can’t lose sight of the fact that the bigger markets, China, are the bigger producers in the EV space, are continuing to grow their output, and that’s driving healthy demand. It is true that this year demand from a production standpoint – the need for new production is probably underperformed the 40% growth. So the market for consumption it’s been closer to 35% growth year-on-year, where the EV market is growing at 40%, and that’s because of the inventory correction we see or have seen – but looking forward, that’s not a sustainable trend once inventory is running its course, there is a return to normalcy and/or potentially even a restocking that occurs. So we feel very good about what – we see what’s happening now is road bumps, but certainly not a determinant for the long-term growth we have. And as we look out to 2024, we will be bringing on capacity that will allow us to put against those contracts, as I said, are performing well, another double-digit year growth in 2024. As for margins, I’ll let Scott comment.
Scott Tozier: Yes. Thanks, Eric. So I think the way you should think about this is we’ve kind of illustrated on Slide 15 of our deck, we’re going to continue to see some level of the spodumene inventory lag affecting us in the first half of next year. And then by the second half, we will be in that kind of normalized 30% to 40% range that I talked about. So the full year is likely to be lower than that. However, we will get to normalized margins by the second half of the year, again, assuming if prices remain constant through that period. And we don’t see the price volatility that causes these ups and downs.
Michael Sison: And then I guess, if the industry is running in the mid-90s, and let’s just say demand does continue to grow next year. Stability in pricing hasn’t been the case, right, for the last year or so? I mean do you think there is potential for a quick rise again in pricing? Would that happen if prices – if folks restock?
Kent Masters: So look, this is – this industry – it’s still early in the industry, so it’s difficult to say. So we were anticipating some of the volatility coming out in this cycle, but that didn’t really happen. So it is difficult to say exactly how quick it responds, where it goes and where it comes back to. We anticipate over time the highs and lows in that volatility coming out. But the question is, what is that period of time?
Michael Sison: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff with JPMorgan. Jeff, your line is open.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Your cash flow through the first 9 months was $1.45 billion and you’re expecting cash flow for the year of $600 million to $800 million. Why is the cash flow in the fourth quarter, negative 6% or negative 8%? Is that one-time? Is it ongoing? And what do you make that?
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Jeff, for the question. So I think a couple of things are doing that. Of course, we’ve got lower EBITDA in the fourth quarter. As we look at our sales patterns, we’re back-end loaded in the quarter. So we have increased working capital as a result of that. And then we’ve got some one-time items, including the DOJ and SEC settlement that we did that flows through our operating cash flow. So those are the key drivers. And then right now, our CapEx is on track to be about the same as what it was in the third quarter. So those are kind of the moving pieces in our cash flow for the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Second, just what you said was that your EBITDA margin was being penalized by about 7 to 10 percentage points than your lithium business because of these timing differences. If you look at the EBITDA of energy storage, excluding equity income, in the quarter, it was about negative 15. And so if you take 10% of the energy storage revenues of $1.7 billion, that’s another $170 million. You netted out, that’s $150 million. So it looks like the EBITDA margin on your businesses, excluding Talison is about 8%. And – so what am I doing wrong in the math? What am I missing? And then why do the – so what are the returns on your business, excluding Talison and the changes in inventories?
Scott Tozier: Yes. So Jeff, this is important because our strategy is to be an integrated producer. That means we’re going to make money throughout the chain from the mine all the way through the chemical conversion into the salts business. Given where the prices are today and how they dropped, the JV is making the joint venture and we will just focus on Talison, but the same is happening at Wodgina. The JV is making a significant amount of our operating income. And as those high-cost spodumene inventories being processed in the quarter and the second half of this year, primarily in China, we are actually seeing losses as you commented on that conversion. But that’s really just being driven by the timing of that spodumene inventory being processed. If you were to normalize and again, in a flat rate and flat price environment, you would see normal margins in both the core business as well as the joint venture ultimately. And so again, I think as you look at the geography of our P&L, that’s the effect that we have been talking about with that inventory spodumene lag happening.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks and good morning everyone. On your fourth quarter guidance for lithium, if I look at your Slide 15 and sort of take the difference between your expected fourth quarter margin for the segment and expected normalized margin of 35%. I get about $300 million to $400 million EBITDA impact of this timing difference just in the fourth quarter. Does this sound about right to you as a dollar impact for this phenomenon?
Scott Tozier: Yes. That’s pretty close, Aleksey.
Aleksey Yefremov: Great. And another question is the – you mentioned the impact of lower equity income because your partner chose not to take their full allocation. Can you talk about the size of that impact in the fourth quarter? And also if you can talk about it directly, maybe you can speak about your equity income expectations in general in Q4.
Eric Norris: Aleksey, hey, it’s Eric Norris. It obviously because of that curve that you referenced on Slide 15, it would vary at any point in time. But in the fourth quarter itself, it’s over $100 million sort of in that $100 million to $200 million range.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David with Deutsche Bank. David, your line is open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. You referenced some spodumene producers or lepidolite producers in China shutting down as well as maybe some non-integrated producers. When did you start see shutdowns to occur? And how much is being shutdown in your view?
Eric Norris: It’s Eric again. So, you may recall that we saw the same phenomenon in the – during the first quarter as well when prices took a similar dip and if you – and so there are a couple of factors going on. One, starting first with merchant spodumene producers, those are the producers we refer to as they are buying spodumene on the market, converting it in China. Their cost has – when you start to get certainly at current price levels, actually, probably when you get into the mid-20s and less, they start – their margins start to get upside down. In fact, the prior comment that Scott just answered around the negative margins that were pointed out in the quarter on a non-consolidated basis, for us are an illustration of what a non-integrated producer would be dealing with. So, they shutdown at those prices or they have to, unless they can get their hands on lower-cost spodumene. Spodumene has been coming down, hasn’t been coming down at the same rate. The big question, obviously, that pivot point of when they shutdown depends on when or what the spread is basically to spodumene, but that is currently negative. Lepidolite is a bit of a different story. It’s a much higher cost material to produce and has had – there has been froth with environmental and start-up challenges. So, there has been both a moderation of capacity for those reasons over the course of the year as well as a moderation of capacity for the same reason I just referenced. Un-integrated lepidolite producers who buy lithium in the market and convert it are seeing a similar margin loss at these prices. If you look at lepidolite producers from peak from where they started the beginning the year to now, it’s about a 40% reduction of which about 10% has come offline in the recent few months, some more came off in the earlier part of the year. So, those are the various factors that are driving closures within China at these prices. Obviously, price recovers, they could come back, of course.
David Begleiter: Got it. Eric, did you mention that ‘24 volumes in energy storage should be up around between a 20% to 30% range, that you were guiding to longer term?
Eric Norris: I don’t know that we have given a guidance fully on that yet. But I mean if you take the demand forecast that we gave you earlier in the year that were multiyear, you would see a similar growth rate projected for next year as we had this year. This year’s growth rate was clipped a little bit by – for lithium consumption. It was clipped a little bit by the inventory correction we saw during the year, but it’s well into the 30s for sure going into next year, we believe.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David with TD Cowen. David, your line is open.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks for squeezing me in guys. I wanted to just ask maybe a non-lithium related question, I would say, I guess upwards of a year ago, you guys were looking strategically at that perhaps divesting the catch in business. We have seen a rebound in that business. And it seems like the outlook is fairly robust for the fourth quarter. Considering the balance with the energy storage side right now, is this potentially a strategic time of divesting that business or putting it under review or should we think of this as part of the going concern?
Kent Masters: So, I think we went through that process a year ago and couldn’t get the value for catching that we were thinking about. So, we rebranded it. we are treating it as a wholly owned subsidiary, and that’s kind of the go forward for the moment. I don’t know that we would think about it long-term as part of the overall strategy. But in the near-term, that’s part of the plan.
David Deckelbaum: Got it. And I guess just maybe a question for Eric. On the energy storage side, you talked about the Talison JV and partner electing not to take shipments in the fourth quarter. We have seen some other of your peers building inventory in the fourth quarter here. Do you anticipate doing that in any of your assets or advocating for incremental inventory stocking or slowing down at any of the other assets in Australia?
Eric Norris: The best way to answer that, and you are right, every supplier has a different situation and the situation for our partners at Talison that they have unique issues and challenges that are different perhaps than ours. When we look at our rate of capacity addition downstream for conversion, and that includes Qinzhou coming up and includes Kemerton I and II coming up in that part of the world, and continuing to run [Technical Difficulty] in our Qinzhou facilities at full capacity and then look at ramping Meishan later in the year next year. We see demand for more spodumene to obviously serve that growth. We haven’t given precise guidance on what that volume growth is for next year. We will do that in three months’ time. But as I have said, I think earlier, it’s a double-digit type growth we are expecting again, which has a demand on spodumene. Our mandate is to run efficiently in this environment, right, because cash preservation to support our growth is critical. So, we are not in a mode of trying to carry working capital that we aren’t going to put into – convert into cash in a reasonable timeframe. So, building inventories is less of a strategy than ramping production to match the conversion demand downstream. And again, we will give more guidance on all of that in a number of months.
David Deckelbaum: It sounds like you guys aren’t going to be coming back to the market with an update, like you did last January that we should wait until February with the fourth quarter earnings?
Kent Masters: Yes, the thinking at the moment is that we will do that in normal course to be the February earnings.
David Deckelbaum: Thank you all for the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners. Kevin, your line is open,
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you and good morning. On Slide 11, you indicate that a $10 per kilogram change in market indices would equate to a change of $5 to $7 per kilogram in your realized pricing for this year. My question is, would that sort of rule of thumb apply to 2024 as well, or might it be different?
Scott Tozier: Yes. Kevin, so that should apply. And just as a reminder, that’s on a full year basis. So, it has to move by $10 over the full year and the full year impact of that kind of 5% to 7% range [Technical Difficulty] it’s a little bit confusing because that moves up and down like we did this year that makes it a little bit harder to track through that. But that ratio carries forward into 2024. Yes. So, the only – I would say we except from that is if you were to get into the contract or it’s correct. So, that number is kind of – when we put that out there, it was a higher number, wasn’t anywhere near the floors.
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you for that. And then coming back to Slide 15 and maybe the subject of the spodumene concentrate inventory flow-through, tempted to ask, Scott, how do you see the quarterly margin pattern progressing, or put differently, which do you think would be the trough margin quarter as you digest the expense of spodumene, might it be the first quarter of next year, the second quarter, or is it difficult to tell at this point?
Scott Tozier: Yes. I think as you look at that chart, you can kind of see where those lines start to converge and that the trough would be in this fourth quarter of 2023. Of course, as you look at that, you are going to have some impact in the first quarter. So, I think as you look at the next year from that impact that the trough in 2024 would be in the first quarter.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Vincent, your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Kent, can I ask you on the balance sheet philosophically? If we think back a couple of months with Liontown, you are going to debt finance that acquisition. And if I recall correctly in the slide deck, you had a range of outcomes on price, and I think the better case was about 15,000. So, how do you think about – or how do you think about using the balance sheet for M&A versus your growth CapEx plans, because I am just thinking about your comments from earlier that you might push things – change the sequencing or so forth. And I guess I am also wondering, are you less interested in debt financing, organic growth versus acquired growth? And as you think about the next couple of years, do you need to be free cash flow positive, or are you willing to let the leverage come up a little bit if that’s what happens?
Kent Masters: Yes. So, there is a lot in that question, and it depends on how things play out. I mean I guess the things – we want to make sure that we kind of set fundamentally, we want to be investment grade, and we kind of have a – we have a target or a kind of a ceiling that we kind of work to is about 2.5x around that. So, we want to be – and obviously, that’s under stress period, so we want to stay below that, and we will have to make adjustments to do that, right. So, we want to preserve our organic growth plan that we have because we have got resources for that. Our acquisitions have been focused on a couple of different areas. We will still look at M&A, but it’s not going to be at the same scale that we were frankly looking at six months ago.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then, Eric, if I could ask you on the Chinese converters or the non-integrated converters, kind of referenced this earlier that at current spodumene prices, some of them are backing off. At least on our calculations, spodumene prices could still go down quite substantially and most spodumene producers would still be quite profitable. So, is there a reason why that won’t happen that those spodumene producers won’t – just lower price to keep their customers operating so that they can make sales and generate cash, or is there something in that market dynamic that’s not obvious to me?
Eric Norris: Well, I mean I think in theory, you are right. I mean there is margin to give from a spodumene mine producer. But then on the other hand, there is market demand, what’s required. That’s the counter effect to price, obviously. And with the amount of capacity that will come off, while the room for spodumene prices to potentially come down at some point, there is now demand for salts in the market that is not being met, and that would turn things the other way around, right. So, it’s about the demand equation, which I think generally speaking, the market is to soft, not the trade, not the lithium market. But the broader global markets, stock markets are a little down on is that the demand is not as weak, we see it as weak as being portrayed and particularly in China. So, as that – and in China, as a reminder, is about 70% of the world’s consumption or production of EVs. So, I think it’s the demand factor that would be the mitigating factor on further spodumene prices. But to your point, I don’t know we know exactly where spodumene prices will go because we keep – it’s hard to predict relative to when there is a stimulus on demand that pulls them back up.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thanks very much. I appreciate it and congratulations, Scott, on retirement. I appreciate all your help over the years.
Scott Tozier: Thanks Vincent.
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin with Oppenheimer. Colin, your line is open.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much guys. With the inventory hanging out at these lower levels, we are seeing some new balances in terms of a variety of supply chains. What’s your expectation around where that normalizes in terms of days of inventory? It seems like the industry is running awfully lean at this point. And then if you could also address what you are hearing from some of your longer term OEM customers around concerns on security supply as they adjust some of their EV production plans?
Eric Norris: So, Colin, it’s Eric. On your first question, I don’t know that we have a good answer for that. It’s because it’s perpetually operated, particularly if you look at Chinese cathode producers at levels which are less than a week, this is – contrast that with our supply chain and this inventory lag that is one of the most popular and understandably popular question being asked today, the reason we have that is it takes six months to go from mine to product on our side. And if there is any disruption in the supply chain, five days of supply at a cathode producer is not going to be enough. So, it doesn’t feel sustainable, but they have been able to operate that way throughout the year. So, there are some question marks we would have about what’s a sustainable and responsible way as a company to operate your supply chain for security purposes. And I just I got to believe that it’s got to be higher downstream at some point than it is, but I don’t think we know exactly what it could be. And then in terms of the global OEM sort of concern on security supply, there is no letup from OEMs on interest and long-term off-takes in securing supply. Yes, it is true. There are some OEMs who have announced some changes to their or expressed some concerns about their targets. But I think if you look at the larger players in the EV space, keeping in mind that, that isn’t necessarily the companies that are now announcing that they are pushing out their targets. Those larger producers are going to continue to increase their output whether they are here or in China or in Europe and they are continuing to demand security and supply because they realize they cannot fulfill the large investments they are making downstream in electric vehicles without lithium. So, I think that demand – that dynamic is still there with the OEMs.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Steven [ph] with Bank of America. Steven, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to ask you whether you would be looking at any new technologies to extract more lithium out of the brand deposits in Argentina, anything that you are – you think could bolster your production there at a more capital-efficient way in any of these technologies in development that you see could potentially lower the reinvestment economics?
Kent Masters: Yes. So, we – I mean look, we have a broad R&D program and extracting lithium and converting lithium to salt and other materials is the big part of that. From the program, it sounds like you are referencing would be around direct lithium extraction, which is a variety of technologies. It’s not just one particular thing, but a variety of technologies that tends to be unique for each brine. And we have a program around that, that’s – it’s kind of broad in nature, but it’s very focused on the resource we have in Magnolia and the Salar de Atacama. It would also apply in Argentina as well or to any brine resources. But what – at the moment, the work is particularly focused on the Salar de Atacama and the brine to Magnolia, Arkansas.
Unidentified Analyst: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: That was all the time we have for questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today, and I apologize for the technical difficulties. I think we have got the line on the speaker side muted for a period of time. I apologize for that. Albemarle leads the world in transforming essential resources into the critical ingredients for modern living with people and planted in mind. We are confident in the market opportunity and our disciplined strategy to achieve both short-term and long-term results. We continue to work to be the partner of choice for our customers and the investment of choice for both the present and the future. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Albemarle Corporation's Q2 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now hand it over to Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability.
Meredith Bandy: Thank you, Aisha, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call.  Our earnings released after the close of market yesterday, and you'll find the press release and earnings presentation posted to our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com.  Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Netha Johnson, President of Specialties; and Eric Norris, President of Energy Storage are also available for Q&A.  As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including our outlook, guidance, expected company performance and timing of expansion projects, may constitute forward-looking statements. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation, which also applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations can be found in our earnings materials.  Now I'll turn the call over to Kent.
Jerry Masters: Thank you, Meredith. Our second quarter results continued the positive trend from last quarter, with net sales up 60% and EBITDA up 69% versus the same period last year. We have increased our energy storage outlook for 2023 based on current market prices. Of course, the long-term shift to electric vehicles is well established and growing. Automakers are planning ahead to accommodate that future growth. For example, we signed a strategic agreement with Ford to supply over 100,000 metric tons of lithium hydroxide over a 5-year period, starting in 2026.  One of the reasons our customers choose Albemarle is our commitment to sustainability. In June, our Salar de Atacama site became the first lithium resource in the world to complete an independent audit and have its audit report published by IRMA, the Initiative for Responsible Mining Assurance. We achieved an IRMA 50 level of performance and a third-party auditor verified that the Salar site met 70% of over 400 rigorous IRMA requirements, covering topics such as water management, human rights, greenhouse gas emissions, fair labor and terms of work.  Also during the quarter, Albemarle's growth and impact on the energy transition were recognized by inclusion in the Fortune 500 rankings and in the TIME100 Most Influential Companies list. We continue to invest in future capacity to meet long-term demand. The Salar yield improvement project reached mechanical completion on schedule, and the Meishan project in China is ahead of schedule, with mechanical completion expected in early 2024.  Last month, we announced agreements to simplify and amend our joint venture with Mineral Resources. I'll update you on these activities later in the presentation.  And for now, I'll hand it over to Scott to walk you through our financial results.
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Kent, and hello, everyone. On Slide 5, let's review our second quarter performance. Net sales were $2.4 billion, up 60% compared to last year. This nearly $1 billion increase was driven by energy storage as a result of both higher market pricing and higher volumes, which were up almost 40%. Net income attributable to Albemarle was approximately $650 million, up 60% compared to the prior year. Diluted EPS was $$5.52, also up almost 60%, and adjusted diluted EPS of $7.33 was more than double last year.  At the end of July, we reached agreements in principle with the Department of Justice on a matter that we initially disclosed in 2018 related to conduct in our catch-in business occurring prior to 2018. Our Q2 GAAP results include an approximately $219 million accrual to resolve this matter.  Looking at Slide #6. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA was over $1 billion, an increase of nearly 70% year-over-year, driven primarily by higher pricing as well as higher volumes in Energy Storage. Our Specialties business was down year-over-year due to lower volumes and pricing related to weakness in certain end markets such as electronics and [Technical Difficulty], insurance claim receipts and lower energy costs.  Let's look at the updated total company outlook on Slide 7. We are raising our 2023 guidance for net sales and adjusted EBITDA to reflect current lithium market prices. As has been our practice, this guidance assumes recent lithium market price indices are constant for the remainder of the year. And as a result, we have increased the lower end of the range for net sales. We now expect 2023 total company net sales to be in the range of $10.4 billion to $11.5 billion. We expect third quarter net sales to be relatively flat sequentially followed by an increase in fourth quarter net sales as we ramp energy storage volumes.  We are increasing our adjusted EBITDA guidance to be in the range of $3.8 billion to $4.4 billion. This implies full year EBITDA margins in the range of 37% to 38%, also up from previous guidance. Our full year 2023 adjusted diluted EPS guidance is also increasing to a range of $25 to $29.50, reflecting a year-over-year improvement of about 25% at the midpoint.  We expect our net cash from operations to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.8 billion. This is a decrease in outlook driven primarily by 2 factors. First, higher working capital related to the timing of our energy storage shipments. We now expect lithium sales volumes to be weighted towards the back half of the year, particularly in Q4, due to the timing of our growth projects and tolling volumes. This is expected to result in higher accounts receivable at year-end, which will convert to cash in early 2024. Second, this outlook assumes that the DOJ payment of approximately $219 million is made by year-end.  Our CapEx guidance has increased to $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion. This increase reflects the revised agreements with Mineral Resources. Following these revisions, Albemarle will maintain 100% ownership of the Kemerton, Qinzhou and Meishan lithium processing plants. Apart from this change, capital spending is in line with previous forecasts.  Turning to the next slide for more detail on our outlook by segment. We're increasing our full year 2023 energy storage net sales guidance to be in the range of $7.9 billion to $8.8 billion. Energy Storage volume growth is expected to be at the higher end of the previous range of 30% to 40% year-over-year thanks to increased tolling and successful project execution. We also project average realized pricing increases to be at the higher end of the previous range of 20% to 30% year-over-year, assuming recent lithium market prices continue through the rest of 2023.  Adjusted EBITDA for Energy Storage is expected to increase in the range of $3.5 billion to $3.9 billion. This 15% to 30% increase is due to higher net sales, which we expect to more than offset the timing impacts of higher-priced spodumene inventories.  In Specialties, we continue to see pressure in our end markets. Weakness in consumer and industrial electronics and elastomers is only partially offset by strong demand in other markets like pharmaceuticals, agriculture and oilfield services. Similar to other specialty chemicals companies, we are reducing our outlook for the full year 2023.  Net sales are now expected in the range of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion, and adjusted EBITDA is anticipated to be between $385 million and $440 million. Q2 is expected to be the weakest quarter of the year. We took advantage of the recent market slowdown to pull forward planned maintenance and reduce inventory to maximize efficiency and free cash flow in the second half of 2023.  Ketjen's 2023 full year adjusted EBITDA is expected to be up 325% to 425% over the prior year. This increase in outlook is due primarily to insurance recoveries, which are not expected to recur, as well as ongoing recovery in refining prices and improved processing costs.  As a reminder, most of our Energy Storage volumes are sold under long-term contracts with strategic customers. On Slide 9, we've updated our expected 2023 net sales mix to reflect recent lithium market prices. Due to the recent rebound in lithium pricing, our full year 2023 net sales mix is now expected to be 80% index referenced variable price contracts and 20% spot. There's been no other change to our contract philosophy or structure of these contracts. Our strategy to deliver long-term growth remains on track.  Turning to Slide 10. We continue to expect year-over-year Energy Storage volume growth in the range of 30% to 40% in 2023. We anticipate coming in at the higher end of that range, primarily driven by the La Negra III/IV expansion, the acquisition of the Qinzhou conversion asset plus additional tolling. With additional conversion assets coming online in 2024, we still anticipate a 20% to 30% CAGR in Albemarle sales volumes between now and 2027. We remain on track to nearly triple sales volumes to more than 300,000 tonnes.  Our revised Energy Storage outlook implies EBITDA margins of around 45% for 2023, up from the prior outlook based on higher market prices. As a reminder, year-over-year margins are expected to normalize from the very high level seen in late 2022 and early 2023, primarily related to spodumene inventory lags at our Talison joint venture. On average, it takes at least 6 months for spodumene to go from our mines through conversion to our customers.  Last year, we saw dramatic increases in prices for lithium and spodumene. Due to the time lag on spodumene inventory, we realized higher lithium pricing faster than higher spodumene cost of goods sold. This year is the reverse. As prices decline, we are realizing lower lithium prices faster than lower spodumene costs, and we expect the majority of this impact is going to recur in the third quarter.  The next item affecting margins is the accounting treatment of the MARBL joint venture. Under the amended agreements with Mineral Resources, we expect to continue to market and toll Wodgina product during 2023. As a result, we will recognize 100% of the net sales from MARBL but only our share of EBITDA. The result is about a 5% lower reported margin for 2023.  Finally, our reported EBITDA margins are impacted by tax expense at Talison. Talison net income is included in our EBITDA on an after-tax basis. If you adjusted Talison results to exclude tax, margins would be about 6% [Technical Difficulty]. Turning to Slide 12, we will continue to invest with discipline, allocating our capital and cash flows to support our highest return growth opportunities. Our primary use of capital remains organic growth projects to leverage our low-cost resources in Australia and the Americas. Beyond organic growth, we also consider a broad range of M&A opportunities primarily across 3 areas: lithium resources, process technology for our core business and for new advanced materials, and battery recycling.  As previously disclosed in March, Albemarle submitted an indicative proposal to acquire Liontown Resources, our preproduction spodumene resource in Australia. To date, the Liontown Board has not meaningfully engaged in progressing the transaction. Another example of our strategy is the acquisition of the Western Lithium subsidiary of Lithium Power International that we completed in July in a cash transaction of just over $20 million. This purchase provides Albemarle with prospective exploration tenements near our Greenbushes spodumene mine, regarded as one of the world's best hard rock lithium mine.  And this week, we announced an investment in Patriot Battery Metals. This investment provides a 4.9% interest in a prospective spodumene deposit located in Northern Quebec. We intend to maintain our track record of a disciplined M&A process to accelerate higher return growth while preserving financial flexibility and maintaining our investment-grade credit rating. Our balance sheet flexibility is a competitive advantage that allows us to grow both organically and through acquisition as well as support our dividend.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Kent for a market update and closing remarks.
Jerry Masters: Thanks, Scott. One of the reasons we can report strong financial results is our disciplined operating model. We call it the Albemarle Way of Excellence. Our 4 operating pillars are high-performance culture, competitive capabilities, operational discipline and a sustainable approach. And these aren't just words, they are principles that guide our decision-making.  Today, I'll highlight operational discipline, which includes business, manufacturing and capital project excellence. Through initiatives and operational discipline, we've targeted $250 million in productivity benefits over this year and the next, and we are on track to exceed that goal. Our goal in manufacturing excellence is to drive best-in-class discipline and operating efficiency, with a target of $150 million of savings over the next 2 years. Across our businesses, we realized value in our manufacturing operations through yield improvements and better utilization of raw materials and energy. Through Project AI, which we call Albemarle Intelligence, we're leveraging machine learning to optimize our manufacturing processes.  Our global procurement team is strategically sourcing to pull purchasing and capture raw materials and logistics efficiency enhancements in real time. With continuous improvement, we are targeting $100 million of productivity benefits this year.  Another execution principle under operational discipline is capital projects excellence. Our focus on capital project execution is paying off with 4 global projects progressing on time and on budget, including the Salar Yield Improvement Project, Meishan, Richburg, and Kings Mountain. As we continue to develop projects around the world, our objective is to build the structure, capabilities, discipline and design approach that enable faster capacity growth at lower capital intensity.  Turning to Slide 14 for an update on more of our capital projects. In Chile, I'm pleased to report that our Salar Yield Improvement Project recently achieved mechanical completion on time and has transitioned into commissioning. In Australia, Kemerton I continues to produce battery-grade products subject to customer qualification. While there have been challenges, particularly in light of the very tight labor market in Western Australia, we are proud of our Australian team as they commission that plant and deliver products to our customers. We are applying what we've learned to the construction of Kemerton II and Kemerton III and IV projects have recently gated into execution.  In China, Qinzhou is ramping up on budget and on schedule to nameplate capacity. And the construction of Meishan is progressing on budget and ahead of schedule, with mechanical completion now expected in early 2024. As mentioned earlier in the call, we have agreed to amend the terms of the transaction signed earlier this year with Mineral Resources. Under the amended agreements, we will acquire 100% ownership of Kemerton and retain 100% ownership of Meishan and Qinzhou lithium conversion assets.  Other key aspects of the February 2023 agreement remain in effect, including a 50-50 ownership of the Wodgina mine and an April 2022 economic effective date. The transfer of 10% interest in Wodgina is exchanged for 25% interest in Kemerton. Upon closing, we expect to pay Mineral Resources $380 million to $400 million. About half is related to the purchase of the remaining 15% ownership stake in Kemerton and about half relates to economic effective date settlements and other transaction costs. This transaction is anticipated to close later this year after we received Australian regulatory approvals.  On Slide 15. EV sales over the last quarter indicate 2023 global electric vehicle sales are on track for 40% growth. After a slower start to the year, EV sales have picked up with global sales up 41% and China up 45% year-over-year through June. China has regained growth momentum, with June representing the largest monthly EV sales since last December. In Europe, easing supply chain issues have lifted sales by about 20% year-to-date. Despite mixed macroeconomic conditions, the outlook for global full year EV demand remains resilient, driven by the introduction of new models, new incentives and the expansion of charging infrastructure.  Since May, we have seen a rebound in lithium market pricing driven by downstream restocking and strong EV and battery production. Customers are returning to the spot market after destocking to unsustainably low levels of inventory against the backdrop of growing demand, with lithium inventories decreasing in the supply chain over the last few months. Global lithium supply demand remains relatively balanced, driven by increased EV demand as well as challenges in bringing on new projects. As we continue to expand our lithium capacity, our scale, global footprint, and vertical integration positions Albemarle to sustainably meet growing customer demand.  While we're pleased that the lithium market remains strong, we continue to focus on managing the things that are within our control for long-term value creation. We're delivering growth in both sales and earnings. We anticipate 2023 sales to be up 40% to 55% over last year with healthy margins. While the EV market is clearly the star at the moment, we are a global leader in world-class long-term assets and a diversified product portfolio with broad opportunities in the mobility, energy, connectivity and health markets. Our focus on sustainability is not only aligned to our values, it also aligns with our customers' values and creates an advantage for us in the marketplace. Our strategy is clear, our markets are growing and our discipline in both how we operate and how we allocate capital gives us an edge across economic cycles.  With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Josh Spector from UBS.
Christopher Perrella: It's Chris Perrella on for Josh. Could you work through the timing and the cost impact of the spodumene sales on the third quarter and fourth quarter?
Scott Tozier: Chris. This is Scott. So we expect the impact of the spodumene cost to be most acute in the third quarter. We'll see a headwind in the fourth quarter that's very similar to what we saw in the second quarter. So again, it will be mostly in the third quarter, and then it will start to abate in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham from Citi.
Patrick Cunningham: Can you elaborate a little bit on the strategic rationale for the investments in early-stage hard rock assets in Australia and Canada? Should we expect these regions to be the focus of resource M&A going forward? Or is there anything on the table maybe in South America or the U.S.?
Jerry Masters: Yes. I think -- I mean, we've been talking about pivoting toward resources from an M&A strategy for a while and then also going a little early stage so we get it on these opportunities earlier when they're not as expensive. Now there's more risk in that, and so -- but we're taking smaller stakes to getting our foot in the door, so to speak. And then it allows us to get information to analyze the opportunity as it develops, and then we will have an opportunity later whether we participate in a bigger way or not.  And I don't -- it's not -- the opportunities are where the resource is, and we look at those. And if we try and -- we'll look at the jurisdictions where it's the most favorable for us to do business, so -- and really, that's wherever the resource is. But North America, Canada, Western Australia mining jurisdictions that we're very familiar with, we're used to it. Geopolitical, very stable. They're used to mining operations, so Canada a little bit more than North America, in the U.S. and North America. But those are favorable, but we'll look everywhere for where the resources are, including South America. Everywhere there's resources, we look, but we balance those geopolitical stability, are they used to mining, permitting, all of those issues when we make decisions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson from company Mizuho.
Harris Fein: This is Harris Fein on for Chris. So now that you've basically bought MinRes out of your downstream assets, you have the Mega-Flex facility to be thinking about down the line. So how do you feel about your current resource footprint? And maybe it would be helpful if you could do a quick walk-through of how you're thinking about additions to the portfolio?
Jerry Masters: Yes. So look, we've -- few years -- a couple ago, we were talking about acquisition of conversion facilities. We did that at Qinzhou and we've been building those out organically. And we've been talking about pivoting toward resources as we feel like we -- starting to utilize our resource with the conversion facilities that we have. We need to identify additional resources toward the end of the decade, so we're pretty much good to about the end of the decade or so and we need additional resources beyond that. But the lead time given to identify, qualify and then bring a resource on, we need that kind of time.  So we feel pretty balanced now. I mean look, the difference between now that we bought MinRes out, we've got full control of those assets. Operationally, it's simpler, it's better, but it wasn't a huge move between. We were probably a little short on conversion. Now we're a little long, but that gives us opportunities to -- if we find a resource, we can bring on quickly, we can process spodumene for our customers. We have some customers that have secured spodumene. We can process that and participate with them in that way.  So I don't think it was a major shift and it's not a shift in our long-term strategy. We're still -- we're looking for those resources. We're good pretty much on resource and conversion with the current build program we have close to the end of the decade. But after that, we need more resources.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Rusch from Oppenheimer.
Colin Rusch: I have a two part question. One, can you speak to how you're handling volumes that are going to fairly large OEMs in the U.S. and Europe that are a little bit slow in EV ramps? Where those volumes are ending up? And then the second question is around the viability of the pressure leaching process. How do you guys see that as a potential way to simplify supply chain logistics as you move into areas that have a little bit more intense environmental considerations from a compliance perspective?
Jerry Masters: Yes. Okay. Colin, can you just clarify the second comment? I'm not -- I didn't really pick up the technology you referenced.
Colin Rusch: The potential for pressure leaching processes rather than basically eliminating the asset from the process. Yes.
Jerry Masters: Do you want to take the OEM question?
Eric Norris: Sure. Colin, this is Eric. With regard to OEM volumes, I would -- just the first comment I would make is that the vast majority of OEM contracted volumes today are future based. They're for mid-decade onwards. More of the supply chain for their lithium needs is secured today through battery producers. We've seen, through the middle of the year, very strong demand, over 40% demand growth in registered EV sales through June. Early data from China on July looks promising as well, so we're not seeing any pressure. We've certainly seen headlines that certain EV models in the U.S. potentially may be slower, but I would caution you that that's a small part of the market. The rest of the market and the demand we're seeing is quite strong.  As for the second question, I don't know if you want to address that, Kent.
Jerry Masters: Yes. I think, look, we have a lot of effort on R&D development, particularly around process chemistry and extraction around that. But I think the autoclave process is one of the ones we're investigating and I think the industry is looking at, but it's down the road. So we're focused on not only kind of near term, what we're operating today, because we think there are significant productivity gains that we get out of our existing facilities as we've developed more sophisticated processes around that in the years to come. So the new plants we're bringing up today, we see a big productivity opportunities going forward for the next, well, 10 years probably, and probably beyond that as we get better and better at the process chemistry.  It's still early technology. It's been operated for quite some time, but at scale, it's still early technology. And then new technologies around that with different leaching agents and different techniques like pressure with an autoclave is something that we're looking at, but it's not something that's going to be in scale production in the next year or two.
Operator: Your next is from the line of David Deckelbaum from TD Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: I wanted to just ask, post the Mineral Resources restructuring and the MARBL JV you're obviously allocating more capital to conversion assets that you're building out in theory together in the future. That puts the burden more on CapEx this year, and presumably at some point next year. Does that in any way change how you're thinking about the trajectory of your growth investments as you manage the balance sheet over the next couple of years?
Jerry Masters: Yes. I don't -- I mean it doesn't -- I mean, look, it is -- we're spending a little more capital than we had originally anticipated. But it's not -- it doesn't change it dramatically, but we do have to watch balance sheet carefully and be disciplined as we invest. But we need to make sure that we're balanced as we go forward, but we don't give up opportunities. So you see us looking for those resources and investing in those and the opportunities that are public and the ones we've just closed. So it's a combination of getting resources that are near term to the market and then investing for the long term as well. And we're -- we're trying to be very disciplined about this. We watch our balance sheet. We're very serious about that. But we don't want to miss opportunities as they come up.
Scott Tozier: And David, I'd just add. I mean, this is a huge competitive advantage for Albemarle. Like if you look across the competitive set, the -- there just is not a big balance sheet out there at many of our competitors. That gives us -- that just gives us the flexibility to handle the ups and downs in the market, but then the opportunities that Kent talked about.
David Deckelbaum: It is, Scott. Maybe just a little bit more granular on tolling volumes. Can you give a sense of magnitude of tolling volumes expected in the back half of the year versus the beginning of the year? And was there a point, I suppose, in the first quarter where you might have been withholding tolled volumes just based on market conditions at the time?
Eric Norris: Yes. This is Eric speaking. So our tolling volumes overall for this year will be about twice what we did last year, and it is largely for 2 reasons. One, because it takes a while to qualify and find the right tollers and partners as we grow that volume, and that's -- so there's a lag in that. That pushes it into the second half of the year. As well as spodumene availability is also back-end loaded in the second year.  And then finally, you referenced a market phenomenon. We were in a weak market in January, February where -- you're quite right, we were not aggressively going after incremental volumes because of the state of the market. As we sit here today, the market is quite strong. We've seen this growth I referenced in the earlier comment, around over 40% growth in EV sales. We see strong demand for product in all regions. And as it comes -- as it pertains to tolling in China, it will be back-end loaded both because the demand is there but also because we have the available supply and relationships in place.
Jerry Masters: Yes. And there's a balance here between -- I mean we're building large conversion assets and ramping those up. We're expanding mines and resources, bringing those on, some with different techniques around that. So tolling is a way that we can balance some of that, and we've been able to leverage that effectively.
Eric Norris: Yes. I might also add that to your earlier question that another individual asked around the -- some of the additional conversion capacity coming on the MinRes deal, that's now volume that we can self-produce as opposed to toll as well. And so while -- if you look at the next 18 months, we are probably still long resource versus conversion. Adding more conversion in near term means we can do less tolling and bring in self-produced.  And that's really how we look at our tolling business. There's always some amount we do. It will vary as we bring on assets, and it allows us to continue to have a large and growing footprint in the market. It's a part of why we are going to be at the higher end of our 30% to 40% growth range in volume year-over-year. But then our strategy is to self-produce, and we certainly have the ability, probably more so than any other producers we talked about, to build that capacity both inside and outside of China to meet that demand growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew DeYoe from Bank of America.
Matthew DeYoe: It seems like your inventory keeps building quarter-over-quarter here, and I assume maybe some of that's going to get fed into Kemerton. But it seems to imply like a pretty significant amount of tonnage is sitting on the books. What else is going on here? Or how should we think about the way that turns to cash if it does?
Scott Tozier: Yes, so it's a good question. So we continue to see our inventory balances grow. It's really being driven by 2 things: Volume, as we've been ramping capacity; Tolling, as we talked about, as Eric talked about. But the second thing to keep in mind is that spodumene prices are going up in that cycle, so that's an impact on our inventory balance.  If you actually look at it on a days basis, so days of inventory, it's very consistent. So it's really just driven by the volumetric growth and those pricing impacts ultimately. So it's really not over -- we're not over-indexed on inventory. We're not under, kind of right in line with where we would expect to be.
Matthew DeYoe: Okay. And your partner at MARBL made some comments on the earnings call around questions for trade relationships between China and Australia, and where it makes sense to have conversion assets or not. I mean, do you think that they're wrong? And I guess does it make sense to look to secure hard rock in a country that maybe has better trade relationships with Australia over time as you think about the sustainability of feedstock to your China conversion network?
Jerry Masters: Yes, I'm not sure what -- exactly what Mineral Resources has said on their call, but we have different views of the geopolitical risk between Australia and China. They're an Australian company, we're a U.S. company, and we -- the lithium business is a significant business in China, and we've got significant footprint there and our customers all operate there for the most part. And then we've been very -- we've been public about our pivot to the West, so we plan to serve the Chinese market but also pivot and invest West so we can localize the supply chain in the West for both.  And we'll continue to look for resource where we can find it. Australia is a -- I mean it's a stable economy. There's -- geopolitical risk is minimal, and it's a mining district. They understand mining. They understand tailings. It's just -- it's a good location to operate in from a mining standpoint, so we won't be shying away from that, from that standpoint. We'd love to diversify our resource base geographically more, but lithium is tight and where you find the good resource is where you end up going and then you end up having to manage the geopolitical aspects of that.
Eric Norris: And Kent, just to reiterate, just clarify that our resource base is in Australia, Western Australia. North America now with Kings Mountain, certainly Silver Peak. We have this investment now in Patriot and then South America, largely Chile, obviously. So our resources -- and those would be the areas that we continue to focus on as being the favorable jurisdiction with sort of low-cost first quartile cost position resources.  So that's -- and what we do in China is conversion, and it's a great -- it's a large market for -- and demand in China is certainly a growing one as we move to the West.
Jerry Masters: Yes. And that's -- I think that is the most diverse resource network within the industry, and we would like to continue to build that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Just had a question, I guess, on the guidance construct and the pricing. Obviously, when you move to more index-based contracts last year, definitely was a positive on the cash flow and balance sheet statement point of view. And Scott, you just kind of reiterated some of those benefits and competitive advantages. But obviously, we've also experienced quite a bit of volatility on the lithium price front. So I know it's not necessarily easy to forecast prices there, but that is a little bit more part of the Albemarle operating model now at this point, the lithium spot price environment.  So I mean, is that an accurate statement? And how do you feel about providing guidance now with this volatility that we've experienced? So I guess, my concern would be prices again go back down to that $25,000 to $30,000 per ton level. Would you be required to kind of lower your guidance at that point? How do you just think about philosophically about the guidance construct at this point?
Jerry Masters: Right. So I mean, there's a couple of things in there. One, so we have pivoted to be more index based. I mean we still have typically long-term contract that they're referenced to a market index, so we're going to move with the market. And so with that move, we decided to do our guidance by not forecasting lithium prices, but by basically take the -- whatever the market is today and we forecast it for the balance of the year. And that's the methodology that we're going to use for the foreseeable future, the near term.  Ultimately, our goal is that we get to where we can forecast lithium price, and we feel confident in that. We don't feel confident in that today, so it feels prudent to -- we tried to give you the tools to adjust based on your view of that market, and that's kind of how we do guide at the moment. Ultimately, we would like to be able to forecast and feel good about that, but that's not in the near term.
Scott Tozier: The other thing just to remember is given our low-cost resources, our low-cost operations, it allows us to earn throughout the cycle. So we're going to have reasonable margins throughout the cycle, no matter where that price goes. And so I think that gives us more confidence in being able to take this guidance approach as well.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. And just you made the investment in Patriot. There was obviously some other moves that you've approached on the M&A side. What else should we expect there? Continued partnerships? How do you feel about the integration level backwards into resource at this point? And are there any larger investments that you're still thinking about or contemplating?
Jerry Masters: I think if the question about integrating into the resource, I mean, that's fundamental to our strategy to be integrated from resource and conversion all the way to the customers. And we proved that we can guarantee the quality and the production because of the quality of the resource and then we actually do -- we do the conversion. So as requirements become more sophisticated and the lithium products become more sophisticated, we expect to be on the leading edge of that. So that's fundamental to our strategy.  And I mean, from a resource standpoint, I mean as we said, we think we are pretty good until the end of the decade. But given the time it takes to develop resources, we need to be identifying and bringing and owning additional resources. We're working on that now. And you see us -- I mean, that's some of the activity that you see from us out there, and that -- we'll continue to do that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: A two part question on MARBL, if I may. Scott, would you comment on how margins might change as you execute on the second version of the restructuring of that joint venture? In other words, does the 5% drag that you referenced on Slide 11 go away completely or partially? And then in that same press release 2 weeks ago, you also indicated an acceleration of the Meishan project, and wondering why that's the case? Is it, for lack of a better term, related to an experience curve where you now have greater capability to bring on conversion capacity more quickly than was the case in the past?
Jerry Masters: You do the margin. I'll cover capital.
Scott Tozier: Yes, I'll take the MARBL question and the impact on margins. So as part of the restructuring of that joint venture, we've agreed for a period of time to continue to toll volumes out of the Wodgina mine on behalf of MinRes. And so for a period of time, I believe it goes through the middle of next year, we'll continue to have that margin headwind. Once that period is over, we'll end up improving our margin rate ultimately. We'll change the dollars because the EBITDA dollars will be the same, but the margin rate will certainly improve by that 5 percentage points.
Jerry Masters: And then on the Meishan being early, look, it's good old-fashioned project execution. We're getting better at it. It is also that there's a -- the capability in China is significant to execute these large projects. We don't have the labor issues there that we had in Australia, so there's a number of things. Part of it is our capability is getting significantly better. We're learning every time we do a project. Part of it is about just the capability in China. And then the biggest piece, 1 of the bigger pieces is that we have labor availability there that we didn't have in Australia.
Kevin McCarthy: I see. And as a brief follow-up, if I may. How is that experience at Meishan similar or different to what you would envision for Kemerton III/IV in terms of capital cost and speed of execution?
Jerry Masters: Well, I think -- I mean, well, not just III/IV, but let's say all the projects that we're working on, I think we're getting -- we're building a significant capability. It's materially different now than it was 3 or 4 years ago, and we think we can execute projects around the world on budget and on schedule.  That said, those schedules and those budgets will be different depending on where you're executing. So Europe will be different than Western Australia, North America is different and China is different. So I wouldn't use Meishan capital numbers and apply those around the world. That's not how it works. We've executed a very good project. We're still executing. It's not complete yet, but we're getting there at Meishan. We think it's going to be a great project, and we're -- we feel like the capability we built is world class in this industry, in particular. But you can't take Meishan schedules and capital numbers and apply them in Western Australia or North America or Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison from Wells Fargo.
Michael Sison: Just curious on Energy Storage. When I think about 2024, which I understand is so far away, but if you think about volume growth next year, you should still be at 20%, 25%. If I keep -- how do I sort of calibrate where EBITDA could be from these levels? Meaning, does EBITDA just go up with volume growth next year? And then how do you sort of change or give us sort of a variable for pricing as we think about '24 for Energy Storage?
Scott Tozier: Yes, Mike, that's a little far out. It's certainly, given the way that we're giving guidance, it's going to be a volume story next year. Of course, pricing is going to be a question mark that we would have, and it's all based on the contract structures. We're not anticipating to have any big changes in the contract structures. So as that pricing moves, we'd expect to see that trailing kind of 3-month lag to what those indices are.  I think scale becomes an important part of the story as well, so that will help on our fixed costs. So you'll see a little bit of improvement there. The operating margins will improve based on productivity. Kent talked about what we're seeing with our -- the Albemarle Way of Excellence and how that's translating into results, so we expect that to play a role in all of our businesses, ultimately. Eric, you have something...
Eric Norris: I'm just going to say, as it pertains to price, we -- as Kent said, we don't have the confidence to know exactly ourselves what price is going to do, but we do know this. We believe that the market will continue to be quite tight next year as well. There'll be significant demand growth in the market, and indeed, there will be more supply growth as well. But those two will be fairly matched, right? It will be a fairly tight market.  So that much we foresee, how that plays out from a price standpoint, to be determined.
Michael Sison: Got it. And just a quick follow-up. As you add capacity through '27 or you scale up these projects. Your fixed cost, I think you sort of mentioned, did they go down as we get to the end of the decade?
Scott Tozier: Well, fixed cost on a unit basis will go down. Obviously, fixed costs will go up as you're adding plants on an absolute basis. But on a unit basis, meaning per ton, yes, they'll go down.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank.
Benjamin Isaacson: Just in terms of the seasonality of EV sales, since we typically see a bit of weakness in Q1, some have suggested that that could lead to kind of seasonal pullbacks in the lithium price. I just wanted to get your thoughts on that? And then just as a follow-up, can you give some specifics on the Salar Yield Improvement? What is the volume lift? And what is the shape or the timing of that?
Eric Norris: So Ben, this is Eric. On seasonality, indeed, whether it's ICE vehicles or electric vehicles, there is a crescendo in the year, I guess the demand is stronger in the second half seasonally than in the first. However, I would be careful to say that we had weakness in the first part of the year. We had a weak January, particularly in China, the market did, but that's really China and the timing of the New Year. What happened with price and why we talked about price coming down and the inventory correction was inventory correction was not demand growth. Demand growth has remained strong and has strengthened as the year has gone on. U.S. up over 50%, China, up 45% through the middle part of the year. The only market that hasn't been as strong up in the 20s percent range is Europe, and I think that has a lot to do with some of the macro and other headwinds that we all know about in Europe. But as we look across the year, we still see a 40% growth in the marketplace.  So there are certainly lots of macro headwinds we can talk about, but despite these, we still see that secular shift supported by incentives in China. Grid storage has also been a big growth in China recently as well and continued growth outside of China for EVs. So, yes. I guess I'd say on the demand front, be careful to assume that we had a weak first quarter. It was not bad when it ended. Pretty strong actually.  The next question, I think to you was -- Ben, what was your second question? Please repeat it.
Benjamin Isaacson: Salar Yield.
Jerry Masters: Salar Yield. Yes. So we've reached mechanical completion and we now -- we're in the process of commissioning that, so that is an efficiency. So we are able to recover more lithium for every gallon of brine that we pump. But one that we have to -- it has to work its way through the Salar system, so there's an 18-month lead time before that -- those products start hitting the sales register, so to speak. So we still use the -- we still use the pond system to concentrate that, and I don't -- I'm not sure the uplift, what would you estimate that at when we get there?
Eric Norris: The uplift, well, look, I mean it's -- Salar Yield is going to allow us to get to nameplate capacity over the next couple of years at La Negra, which is 85,000 tonnes. And the -- once we start loading brine from the Salar Yield project in ponds, it's actually -- we're able to slightly more -- there is a shortcut, it's closer to 6 months. So within 6 months, so starting next year, we'll start to see the benefit of that uplift.
Operator: And our last question will be coming from the line of David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: First, on the Energy Storage for your guidance increase. Can you just bridge us from the roughly $3 billion of prior guidance midpoint to now the $3.7 billion of current guidance?
Scott Tozier: Yes, David. It's really all price. I mean we got a little bit of extra volume, but it's all just driven by the price indices where they're sitting right now. Obviously, they've recovered off the lows that happened in April and have improved, and we've -- as we've mentioned on the -- in the prepared remarks, we've held them flat in our guidance as of the end of June.
David Begleiter: Interest in Arkansas lithium production potentially. What are your current thoughts as to accessing your assets down in that region?
Jerry Masters: Yes. So we -- I mean we have plans to exploit that. So we have access to the lithium in the Smackover and Magnolia. So basically, everything we pump for bromine today, we would kind of -- an easy answer is that we process that for lithium. It requires different technology, DLE based, absorption based which we have been working on. We have proprietary technology around that. We're doing -- we're building pilot plants at the moment, and we'll be able -- and we plan to execute projects around that, but we want to run pilot plant. It is a new technology, and we're going to make sure that we do it right, but we have access to the brines. We've got the infrastructure at Magnolia. We're well positioned to take advantage of that.
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions. I will now pass it back to Kent Masters for closing remarks.
Jerry Masters: Okay. Thank you, Aisha, and thank you all for joining us today. We are confident in market opportunity and our disciplined strategy to achieve both short-term and long-term results. We are a global leader in minerals that are critical to a mobile, connected, healthy and sustainable future. We continue to work to be the partner of choice for our customers and investment of choice for both the present and the future. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 13:35:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Albemarle Corporation's Q1 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]  I will now hand it over to Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. Ms. Bandy, please proceed.
Meredith Bandy: All right. Thank you, Forum, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of market yesterday, and you'll find the press release and earnings presentation posted to our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. We also have Eric Norris, President of Energy Storage; Netha Johnson, President of Specialties; and Raphael Crawford, President of Ketjen available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the questions -- some of the statements made during the call, including our outlook, guidance, company performance and timing of the expansion projects may constitute forward-looking statements. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation, which also applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of which can be found in our earnings material. And I'll turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thank you, Meredith. Our first quarter was excellent. With net sales more than doubling versus first quarter last year, and EBITDA up almost four times to $1.6 billion. This reflects the high market pricing for our Energy Storage business at the end of 2022. Our Specialties business also had a strong quarter, up sequentially from last quarter on higher pricing. Looking forward to the rest of this year, we are adjusting our expectations based on the current lithium market pricing, and Scott will go into that in more detail. We move the business forward in a number of ways during the quarter, including selecting the site for our U.S. Mega-Flex lithium processing facility in Richburg, South Carolina, which is a strategic move that is even more important given the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act. We also announced the restructure of our MARBL joint venture in Australia. And we announced the separate investment by mineral resources limited into two of Albemarle as conversion assets in China. We expect those two deals to receive regulatory approval and closed later this year. This week, we announced the final investment decision to build Kemerton trains III and IVin Australia, which will be 100% Albemarle owned. The fact that we are advancing the Kemerton trains and the U.S. Mega-Flex facility points to our confidence in the long term growth and opportunities of the lithium business and in particular, our Energy Storage segment. Lithium demand in the EV market continue to grow at extraordinary rates. And with that, I'll hand over to Scott. 
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Ken. And hello, everyone. Let's review our first quarter performance on Slide five. Net sales for the first quarter were $2.6 billion up 129% compared to last year. This is a $1.5 billion increase and was driven by Energy Storage as a result of both higher market pricing flowing through our variable price contracts and higher volumes. Net income attributable to Albemarle was $1.2 billion, up almost 390% compared to the prior year. Diluted EPS was $10.51 also up almost 390% which is another record quarter for Albemarle. Looking at Slide six. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was almost $1.6 billion, an increase of approximately 270% year-over-year. This $1.1 billion increase was almost entirely driven by higher net sales in Energy Storage. Our Specialties business unit was up due to increased pricing and some lower freight costs, which are partially offset by lower volumes. Ketjen declined slightly due to volumes associated with a winter freeze in Texas earlier in the quarter. And importantly, we saw year-over-year price increases more than offsetting inflation in the quarter. On Slide seven, we are adjusting our 2023 guidance to reflect current lithium market pricing. On average, lithium indices are down about 50% to 60% since the start of the year, based on our established guidance methodology, we're taking lithium market price indices as of mid-April, and holding them flat for the balance of the year. To be clear, we are not predicting lithium market pricing, we're simply taking the current price, holding it flat and running it through our contract structure. This is the same way we provided guidance last year. As a result, we now expect 2023 total company net sales to be in the range of $9.8 billion to $11.5 billion. This is up 45% over the prior year at the midpoint. We expect to see sales for the second quarter to be in line with Q1 and then see a sequential increase in sales in both the third and fourth quarters as ramping Energy Storage volumes more than offset sequential price declines. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be between $3.3 billion and $4 billion reflecting a year-over-year growth of 5% at the midpoint. This reflects a full year EBITDA margin in the range of 34% to 35% for the total company. Our full year 2023 adjusted diluted EPS guidance is now in the range of $20.75 to $25.75, reflecting a year-over-year improvement of 8% at the midpoint. We expect our net cash from operations to be in the range of $1.7 billion to $2.3 billion. And our CapEx guidance remains at 1.7 to $1.9 billion. So we still expect to maintain positive free cash flow for the year. Turning to the next slide for more detail on our outlook by segment. The 2023 Energy Storage volume outlook remains unchanged, up 30% to 40% year-over-year. We now project average realized pricing to be up 20% to 30% for the full year. And note that our realized prices are expected to be up year-over-year in the first half, including in Q2 and then down in the second half. We see volume growth in all quarters. This leaves potential upsides and downsides as the market price shifts during the year. Adjusted EBITA for energy storage is expected to be between $2.7 billion and $3.4 billion, essentially flat compared to 2022. Beginning in the second quarter, we expect to see pressure on EBITDA margins, largely related to the timing of higher priced spodumene inventories. And the increasing impact of the MARBL joint venture. And I'll cover that more on -- I have more on that shortly. For Specialties, we're maintain their guidance range for adjusted EBITDA to be up 5% to 10% compared to the previous year. We expect to see pressure in the second quarter as customers work through their current inventories. However, we expect the second half of the year to be stronger with a recovery of end market demand, particularly consumer electronics. Ketjen’s 2023 full year adjusted EBITDA is expected to be up 250% to 400% over the prior year. This increase in Outlook is due to higher volumes and better pricing. When we look at lithium market prices, we need to remember that most of our volumes are sold under long term contracts with strategic customers. We've updated our expected 2023 sales mix to reflect the recent market pricing. And there haven't been any changes to our contract structures in Q1. We expect our Energy Storage sales to be about 10% on spot, and 90% on index reference variable price contracts. These contracts are typically two to five years and in duration, and are designed to ensure security of supply for our customers as well as to make our sales more predictable. These strategic customers include partnerships across the value chain, including major cathode, battery, and automotive OEM customers. We are more weighted towards the market than we have been in the past. However, we will still have less volatility than a true spot business. Because of the index reference structure of these contracts. They typically have a three-month lag and have some of them have caps and floors. As Ken said, our confidence in the long term lithium market is reflected in our ongoing investments in resources and conversion capacity. As we look at Slide 10, you can see we continue to expect year-over-year volume growth in the range of 30% to 40% in 2023. As we bring on new conversion assets, specifically Kemerton and Qinzhou, plus some additional tolling volume. We still anticipate a 20% to 30% CAGR in Albemarle sales volumes between now and 2027, allowing us to maintain our leadership position and keep up with accelerated market demand. All told, we expect to nearly triple sales volumes to more than 300,000 tons by 2027. Long term, we continue to expect normalize Energy Storage margins in the mid to high 40% range, in line with the outlook that we gave in January. We now expect Energy Storage margins to be about 40% in 2023, primarily based on revised lithium market pricing and the impact of spodumene inventory lags. Most of the year-over-year decline in margins is related to that spodumene inventory lag on average, it takes about six months for spodumene to go from our minds through conversion to our customers. Last year we saw dramatic increases in pricing for lithium and spodumene and due to that time lag on spodumene inventory we’ve realized higher lithium pricing faster than higher spodumene cost of goods sold. As a result, we had unusually strong margins in 2022.  This year is the reverse as prices decline, we're realizing lower lithium pricing faster than lower spodumene costs. The next item affecting margins as the accounting treatment of the MARBL joint venture. We expect to report 100% of net sales, but only our share of EBITDA resulting in a lower reported margin rate on that portion of the business.  And finally, our reported EBITDA margins are impacted by tax expense at our Talison joint venture. Talison net income is included in our EBITDA on an after tax basis. If you had adjusted Talison’s results to exclude tax margins would be about six points higher in 2023.  Turning to Slide 12, we will continue to invest with discipline, allocating our capital and free cash flows to support the highest return growth opportunities. Our primary use of capital remains organic growth projects to leverage our low cost resources in Australia and the Americas. And Kent will speak more about these projects in a moment.  Beyond organic growth, we continue to evaluate a broad range of inorganic opportunities to expand capacity to meet our customers' future needs. Our primary targets are in three areas, lithium resources, extraction and processing technology, and battery recycling. We intend to maintain our track record of a disciplined M&A approach that improves returns preserves our financial flexibility with our investment grade credit rating. In line with that strategy, and as previously disclosed Albemarle submitted an indicative proposal to acquire Liontown Resources, a development stage spodumene resource in Australia.  We believe this potential transaction would be consistent with our long term growth strategy and disciplined approach to capital allocation. To-date, the Liontown Board is not meaningfully engaged in progressing the transaction, we will provide updates if and when we have more information.  Our balance sheet flexibility is a competitive advantage that allows us the opportunity to grow both organically and through acquisition as well as support our dividend.  And with that, I'll turn it back to Kent for a market update and closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Thanks Scott. On Slide 13, the global outlook for full year EV sales remains robust. After slowness early in the first quarter due to China's reopening from COVID, global EV sales were up 26% year-over-year through March. Based on seasonal trends. China, EV sales are on track to achieve full year growth of 30%, an increase of more than two million vehicles over 2022.  Outside of China, North America had a strong start to the year with 53% year-over-year EV sales growth. Demand has been boosted by government support the supply chain and increased model availability. In Europe, EV sales through March are up 7% versus prior year. A slower start due to supply bottlenecks and the phasing out of German plug in hybrid EV incentives.  Lithium spot prices in China, particularly for carbonate have fallen primarily due to destocking of inventory in the battery supply chain. Outside of China, index prices for lithium hydroxide have remained relatively strong amid continued demand and less inventory pressure. Global lithium hydroxide prices are $15 to $20 per kilogram above Chinese carbonate spot prices, the largest spread on record.  We have also started to see initial signs of tightening in the supply chain. Unlike Albemarle, non-integrated lithium converters purchased spodumene on the open market. Year-to-date spodumene pricing is down 30%, while lithium carbonate pricing is now more than 60%. As a result, some of the non-integrated producers are cutting production after their margins turn negative during the quarter.  Following several months worth of destocking, customers have recently started to return to the spot market and as a result, Chinese carbonate pricing appears to have stabilized with spot prices up about 7% over the past week. We continue to expand our global lithium resource and conversion capacity based on our confidence in the long term outlook for lithium.  On Slide 14, you can see our expanding presence in the U.S. as well as our plans for a lithium conversion and recycling facility in the European Union. We recently announced the site for our U.S. Mega-Flex processing facility in Richburg, South Carolina, strategically placed in the growing Southeast EV and battery ecosystem. We are also strengthening our resource production. In the U.S., our expansion at Silver Peak is ahead of schedule, and our studies for the Kings Mountain mines are moving forward as planned. Our project in Chile to improve the yield at our Salar de Atacama site is on schedule for mechanical completion this quarter. Recently, Chilean President Boric proposed a new national lithium policy. The government has repeatedly made it clear it would honor current concessions. Chile has always honored the rule of law, and we do not see the new policy as a threat to our current concession, which runs through 2043. In the future, the proposal, if enacted, may offer opportunities to expand our operations using new technology. We are proud of our more than 40 years of successful operations in Chile and value the good working relationships we have with the government and other leaders in the region. Elsewhere in the world, we are expanding both resources and conversion capacity. In Australia, the various trains of our Kemerton conversion facility are moving forward. For Kemerton 1, we are pleased to have reached the specified battery-grade product milestones and look forward to product qualification with our customers. Kemerton II is progressing through commissioning with first product expected in the third quarter of 2023. We have prioritized train I activity, and this had some impact on the schedule for train II. Kemerton III and IV now have final investment decisions and we are planning the constructions schedules. Note that we will have 100% ownership of trains III and IV. In China, Meishan construction is progressing on budget and on schedule with mechanical completion expected in 2024. Our resource expansion in this area of the world is progressing, both at Wodgina and Greenbushes. At Greenbushes, the tailings retreatment project completed last year is improving recoveries to increase spodumene production capacity. We have talked a lot over the past year about our durable competitive advantages, including our scale as one of the world's largest lithium producers, our geographic diversity, our world-class brine and spodumene resources and our vertical integration from resource to battery-grade lithium. The current lithium market conditions have tested these advantages and proven how durable they are and the difference they make for Albemarle. We are a company that looks to the horizon. Our sustainability commitment is an integral part of our long-term strategy and our customer value proposition, and we continuously measure our progress against sustainability goals. Our 2022 sustainability report will be issued on June 5, and we will hold a webcast on June 20 to discuss the key highlights from the report, including our initial reporting in alignment with the task force on climate-related disclosure recommendations, progress on environmental and DE&I targets and introducing new goals around Scope 3 and air quality. In summary, we had an exceptionally strong first quarter. While lithium prices have pulled back, our team continues to focus on the themes that are within our control. We're delivering volumetric growth and executing our projects. We are confident in our strategic delivery and the future of the EV market. Bringing all these factors together, we anticipate 2023 sales to be up 45% over last year. We remain a global leader with world-class long-term assets and a diversified product portfolio that highlights broader opportunities in the mobility, energy, connectivity and health markets. Innovation remains core to our business as we deliver advanced solutions tailored to our customers' needs. Our strategy is clear and disciplined. It enables us to accelerate profitability and to advance sustainability. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion.
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Colin Rusch with Oppenheimer. Colin, your line is now open.
Colin Rusch: Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of order size in the spot market? And how that inventory is clearing at this point? Are you seeing any real meaningful change here in the last, call it, 3 or 4 weeks?
Eric Norris: Good morning, Colin, this is Eric. So you're talking about -- I didn't get your first part. You said order size and stock clearing, is that what you asked?
Colin Rusch: Yes, yes. Yes, this activity in the spot market just...
Eric Norris: Yes. Well, look, I mean -- yes, I think what really transpired and what Kent referred to in his prepared remarks, we saw a significant destocking happened in China, which affected the spot market. Our contract customers around the world continue to buy at their contracted volumes, as Ken pointed out. We've seen close to 30% growth in EV sales in the first quarter across the industry and over 50% in the U.S., a little weaker in Europe. Overall, the markets are performing largely as we thought it would of a strong year with what we think will be a tight supply as well. But specifically in the first quarter, with that destocking, we saw the spot market be practically nonexistent at times during the quarter. There's very little activity going on as these stocks were drawn down. Stocks were drawn down the levels at the cathode level and battery level in China lithium stocks to -- and in some cases, below a week, clearly not in the long run, a level that's sustainable for sustained operation. To your question, what we've seen in the past couple of weeks, we've seen spot buyers return. We've seen -- and we believe that's partially what's affecting the price that is popped -- is leveled and then started to rise within China. And we can -- and we see no change in what our projected sales for the year in EVs of about 30% growth anticipated in China, closer to 40% for the overall market. I think the spot orders, it would be premature for me to say how large they are, but they are beginning as these cathode producers now start to restock and prepare for a more stable operation for the balance of the year.
Colin Rusch: That's super helpful. And then in terms of the competitive landscape around -- just on the refining side, as we've seen some new entrants into the space, are you seeing any real meaningful evolution in terms of the technology piece of this? And how folks get to the quality spec across the landscape? And I'm asking that question in context of looking at some of the evolving chemistries that we're seeing that are preparing to go into production? 
Kent Masters: Yes. I don't think we have visibility to that. So what we -- we've not seen -- I mean, the specs have not changed or whether people are getting qualified, taking longer to get qualified with some of this -- the newer facilities maybe that's some of the delays that we see, but we don't have visibility whether it's about qualification issues or just about production issues. I don't think we have visibility of that.
Eric Norris: No. In terms of the competitive landscape, I would tell you in terms of the expectations of customer of us, it is a moving ball. The expectations go up on quality, particularly in the higher energy -- higher energy density chemistries, which tend to be the nickel chemistries. We recently completed upgrades in some of our workhorse plants like Xinyu to drive even higher quality standards to remain a leader in that area and in that regard. So it is something that it is a barrier for any new entrant to be able to achieve and to get to for sure.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. David, your line is now open.
David Begleiter: This is David calling here for Dave. Just going back to the spodumene costs, can you talk about where the lower cost spots coming from in Q1 and probably how much was the benefit to margins in Q1? And also, is that higher cost of spodumene from the -- or is it from Greenbushes?
Scott Tozier: Yes. So the lower cost spodumene is really from the both Kemerton as well as Qinzhou just as -- sorry, Greenbushes. Just as a reminder, the reason it's lower cost is because of the timing lag and the rapid increase and then now decrease in spodumene prices. It's really not the operating cost of the minds itself that's causing this issue. In Q1, the benefit was probably in the kind of 15 to 20 percentage point type of range that we were seeing in Q1. And again, we'll see that reverse as we go through the rest of the year, and that will be a margin rate pressure on the business.
David Begleiter: Okay. And what was the final cost for Kemerton and I guess what will Kemerton III & IV cost?
Scott Tozier: So we haven't -- we haven't disclosed the total amount. So it's probably in the $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion range for Kemerton I and II. Kemerton III and IV will be in a similar type of range, partly because we've got an employment village that we're putting in place to help with the labor issues ultimately.
David Begleiter: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Deckelbaum with Cowen. David, your line is now open.
David Deckelbaum: Good morning, Ken, Eric and Scott. Thanks for taking my question today. I wanted to just ask about long-term planning, particularly for you, Scott, how you think about the move to be spending, I guess, about $4.2 billion in '27 versus $1.8 million this year? You point out obviously that your guidance always just illustrates pricing if you held conditions sort of flat today. You talked about this year spending within cash flow. I guess that these conditions obviously persist that you would be outspending cash flow if you followed that CapEx plan. How do we think about that planning cycle while you maintain sort of a long-term structurally bullish view on the market, You're expanding your conversion quite a bit to get to those CapEx numbers? I guess how do we think about that CapEx trajectory every year? And should we expect it to be governed by sort of the beginning of the year outlook for organic cash flows?
Kent Masters: Yes. So I think, as we've said, when we laid out our investment plans, but we look at the market and we'll adjust as we go through this. So what we put forward in January, those are our plans. And the market -- and our view of the market changes dramatically or significantly we'll adjust to that. So short-term cycles, if our view is right, we'll maintain and invest through those. But if our view of pricing changed longer term, then we would adjust our investment profile.
Scott Tozier: Yes. And I would just add, Kent, that given our volumetric growth at these kind of pricing levels, we'll continue to be generating significant cash flow to be able to fund that kind of CapEx growth. So the Albemarle story is not really about the price, it's about the volumetric growth. And the cash generation that's coming from this is significant. So...
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate that. Kent, in your prepared remarks, you talked about the minimal impact for now of the Chilean governmental moves, particularly given your contracts expiring in 2043. You also, I guess, highlighted looking at things like extraction technologies, processing technologies. I guess, did the move change any of your long-term strategy in the country and might have accelerated some of the investments? Or, I guess, exploration around direct lithium extraction and applications in Chile?
Kent Masters: Yes. So I guess we were surprised by the announcement that came out of Chile. We knew they were moving in that direction. A couple of things we learned in that. But our plans around DLA and our discussions with the government about using that in the Salar are consistent now and before. We're working to progress that as quickly as we can, and we'll do it in a number of places, but there's an opportunity to utilize that in the Salar as well. So I guess our view is -- I mean, we -- our concession goes through 2043, where the government has gone out of their way to assure us that, that's valid. But expansions and getting additional concessions will probably require us to use new technology and probably partner with the government as well around that. So we see that as an opportunity beyond our current concession.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate the answers, guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Josh, your line is now open.
Josh Spector: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could talk about your thoughts around the EBITDA margin cadence in Energy Solutions through the year. I assume 2Q is probably going to see the biggest compression. But can you get back to that mid- to upper 40% range in fourth quarter? Or can you even get there with where spodumene prices are today once that does roll through?
Scott Tozier: Yes. So Josh, with where spodumene prices are and the projection that we've made using the mid-April prices, we'll be below that kind of mid-40% range in the second quarter all the way through the fourth quarter. So it's really, again, the pressures coming from that price being lower as well as that spodumene price drop or cost drop that is putting the pressure on the margins. If you were to stabilize that, I think you'd end up being more at the long-term expectations of that mid-40s to low 50% range. So really, this just as a reminder and repeat it again, this margin pressure is really just driven by the velocity and the change in the spodumene price flowing through our P&L.
Josh Spector: Okay. And just to make sure I'm clear, just in your pricing assumption, I mean, are you assuming that your contracts stepped down with the lag in the next couple of quarters along with that? Or are you assuming your current contract mix extends?
Scott Tozier: Yes. So what we do is we're taking our current contract mix as of today or let's just say, mid-April. We're applying the market indices that are referenced in those contracts, flowing that through and that generates what we think -- what the revenue will be. And so as you look at that on a sequential basis, we'll see price reductions each quarter. And as you look at it on a year-over-year basis, our first half of the year, we actually see price increases. In the second half of the year, we're seeing price decreases on a year-over-year basis.  And again, that's just really just reflecting how those contracts are structured and the lags that are built into them. And a couple of the contracts have caps and floors that we'll have to take into account.
Josh Spector: Okay. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Mike, your line is now open.
Mike Sison: Hey, good morning, guys. Nice start to the year. In terms of inventory destocking, I understand there's been some in the industry, but your volumes were up in the first quarter. So are you not seeing destocking from customers? And is that a risk as you get into the second, third and fourth quarter?
Eric Norris: Hi, good morning, Mike. So this is Eric. The way I would qualify that as again that the destocking has happened specifically in one country, it's China. Now it happens to be the largest country in the market where almost all the spot volume activity is that's 10% of our mix, as we described on an annualized basis. All of our contracts are everywhere else around the world, including even some long-term contracts that are sourced into China are all operating according to the projected plan prior to beginning of the year prior to any destocking that happened in China, meaning the EV growth story is intact everywhere, all that's happening in China to destocking what's specifically there. And everywhere else, volume continues to flow. We're not seeing destocking as a widespread phenomenon just something in China and specific to the spot market.
Mike Sison: Got it. And then, so when you think about the volume growth as you head into the second half of the year, there -- it doesn't sound like there's a lot of risk to that on your end, right? Customers want that product and it's within your contract. So what is the risk for volume in your second half, if any?
Eric Norris: This is -- everything that's happened and that we've talked about on destocking has to do with a temporal effect in China. It has nothing to do with fundamentally demand that we've seen. It is true. The year started out a little weak in China on demand. Recovered rapidly by the end of March. So we saw a weak start in Europe, but that's a hangover effect, we believe, from what has been expiring incentives largely in Germany and the U.S. started off with a bang for the year. All of that is consistent with our look, our view at the beginning of the year, our view now that we're looking at a 40% year-on-year growth in demand, our customers need the supply. And frankly, we see the market as still being tight for the balance of the year. So this is a market that's healthy in that regard. Independent of what's going on with price now, the supply-demand fundamentals are very favorable.
Scott Tozier: Yes, Mike, I would just add to that, as you look at our projection, I mean, it's really an operational risk because we're ramping new plants, right? So it's really just our ability to ramp those plants, and we think we have it dialed in, but things can go wrong. So I think that's really the risk and also potential opportunity because if things go better, then we'll have more volume.
Mike Sison: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. Arun, your line is now open.
Arun Viswanathan: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Appreciating that it's a very volatile market that's constantly evolving. Could you just kind of review some of the drivers that you think are influential on price lithium spot prices? And maybe just give some perspective on the market? The declines that we saw were very swift and would indicate destocking and very high inventory levels, especially in China. I know that there's been some other factors like discounting on ICE vehicles over there, but maybe you can just provide your own perspective on what you're seeing?
Kent Masters: Yes. So it's difficult to say what's really happening in the spot market, kind of the fundamentals we rely on are the supply and demand balance. We spent a lot of time working on that, making sure that we understand that. We think we understand that and it kind of works where it's a tight market for a pretty long period of time. And the previous question, we're probably more concerned in this year about volume and being able to produce the volume as opposed to the demand that's there for the product. In the spot market, I mean, in China and the movement that we've seen, a lot of that is about destocking and that volume running down and shifting to different areas in the supply chain between the battery makers, the cathode makers and then the raw lithium salt providers like ourselves and converters that sit in the market as well. So it's moved around within that space. And then it's been -- there's been a lot of destocking in that. That's really driven the pricing. But it's in the spot market, as we've said before. It about 10% of our portfolio, has a big impact on the broader portfolio because we indexed our prices indexed to those with a lag, but it does have a bigger impact on our portfolio than just the 10% that we represent. Eric, do you have additional color?
Eric Norris: No. I mean I think the market is changing as well at the automotive level. I mean there's now more models, more vehicle producers, aggressive competition for share. So that's a dynamic that's going on within our customer base. But that's the industry rising up to meet the demand that's there for these vehicles. And it doesn't change the need for us to execute well in order to meet our customers' expectations. And as Kent said, the market for spot material is isolated largely to China. And so what you're seeing now is some dynamics playing out in China, which when you think about an inventory drawdown, it's temporal in nature with strong demand. We are going to pretty soon go to a point where many of -- much of the supply chain needs to start restocking in addition to just meeting its growth that move before it
Arun Viswanathan: Great. And then just as a quick follow-up, then you also noted that there potentially are some observations of a supply response in that some of the newer capacity that's potentially at higher cost levels may not come on or is being played. Could you just elaborate on that? What are you seeing there? Is that meant to also imply that maybe the mid-30s is the marginal cost of some of that new capacity, how should we think about that?
Kent Masters: Yes. I'm not sure we didn't -- we weren't talking about new capacity coming on that's been delayed. We were talking about converters in China that were shutting down because their math didn't work any longer between lithium prices and spodumene prices. So I'm not sure -- I'm not aware of anyone who's delayed a new project as a result of the current market pricing, although that could be the case, I'm not aware of that. 
Eric Norris: No. I don't know that we have any intelligence that says a new project is delayed. There's still a fair amount of interest in bringing supply in order to meet the demand, which we believe will be necessary given the shortness in supply. But we know because we both compete, of course, in the China market against some of these converters who buy spodumene on the open market, but also toll with some of these individuals from the behavior that we have in that market, we've seen that market, we know very clearly that more tolling capacity is available because they cannot make money on existing spodumene conversion when they buy this spodumene themselves. So that's part of the evidence package we have that some capacity has been leaving the market at current prices.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Good morning. Scott, I'm wondering if you can just help us on the inventory on your balance sheet. Just looking at the end of the year, it was a little south of $2.1 billion. And then at the end of the quarter, it's almost $3.2 billion. So what were the mechanics of that increase? I'm sure some of it is price, but how much of it is volume? And then I think you made an accounting change at 3Q in terms of how you deal with the unrealized profits from your JVs, and I think those now reduced inventory. So if you could just help us bridge the increase from 12/31 to 3/31 that would be great?
Scott Tozier: Yes, Vincent, I think -- so a significant amount of that increase is due to price. So as the price has moved up, obviously, there's an impact on our -- on the value. Also, we've got increase in volume as we're ramping both the expansion at Greenbushes as well as Wodgina. So you're going to see increases coming from that. And to your point, we did have an accounting change where we've changed how we're recognizing the profit in inventory that now is reflected in our inventory line as opposed to our investment line. That reduces the effect. So those are kind of the muting pieces.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then the other follow-up I had was just on your spodumene cost. It's very easy to understand what your -- what and how you're assuming lithium prices based on what you've said. But the spodumene cost that you're running through your guidance, are those the mid-April cost? Or do you have a sort of more of a projection on those that's baked into the guidance?
Scott Tozier: No. It's the same methodology is based on that mid-April -- that mid-April cost. So we don't take -- we're not taking a position on what that's going to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho. Christopher your line is now open.
Harris Fein: This is Harris Fein on for Chris. So there's been an effort over the past few years to increase the variable portion of your lithium tons All of your expansion plans are still going forward. It seems in tracking in line with expectations, and you're still generating a lot of cash. But I guess in light of what's going on in the market, can you speak to how comfortable you are with having this level of volatility in your results? Thanks.
Kent Masters: Yes. So there was quite an effort from us to move toward index-based pricing as pricing was moving, whereas historically, we've had more fixed price or at least agreed prices for a period of time. And it does create a little volatility in our results as the price moves, but it's a volatile market and this is a space, and it's probably going to move around like that for a period of time. So it could we, at some point, want to change that structure. But you never say never. It could be the case at some point. But given where the market is now, I think being indexed to the market, we like that. We think it's right for us and our customers. No one is really out of the market, either one, and that's kind of how we're going to operate now. It creates volatility in our results, and we just have to live with that in the near term.
Eric Norris: I also think that it's reflecting -- you can see in our performance that our low-cost resources and our low-cost operations benefits us. So we can handle this volatility better than many of our competitors, just given our cost position as well as our scale. So...
Harris Fein: And my second question is I would think that spodumene is the more commoditized product versus the downstream lithium salts. So I guess, why do you think that spodumene prices are holding in better more stable on a relative basis versus the downstream chemicals?
Kent Masters: Yes. Look, that's speculation, but there's just a longer lag in the way that works its way through our P&L and through the industry. So we kind of rely on what happens in the market where prices get set. It's not that material for us because we're integrated all the way from spodumene into lithium salt. So the real impact it's timing and the tax impact from the joint venture that hits us. That's kind of why you see that volatility. So it's -- but I think it lags just because of the timing of how long it takes to adjust those prices and how long it takes to move that material through the supply chain.
Eric Norris: Kent, I'd also add that fundamentally, this is an inventory drawdown in a period of time that won't last, we believe long, and we're seeing and we think it's fact transpired and it's behind us, and we see strong demand. I think the spodumene market is reacting to the strong demand and the need for the supply. So there is a time lag, but there's also just the supply/demand fundamentals are, again, very strong for growth going forward. So I think we can speculate, but some of that's at play as well in.
Kent Masters: There are no more questions?
Meredith Bandy: Everyone -- sorry, it seems that the operator dropped and we're getting our operator back. So everyone, if you just hold a moment. The next question is going to be from Joel Jackson at BMO. I don't know. It looks to me like your line is open, but we may have to wait for the operator.
Joel Jackson: Meredith, can you hear me?
Meredith Bandy: Yes, we can hear you. Go ahead, Joel. Thanks.
Joel Jackson: A couple of questions. So -- and maybe this is simple. I want to make sure that I understand. So when you talk about mid-April market pricing is what you're using for the rest of the year, are you talking about spot indice prices in the market? Or are you talking about so where we were mid-April? Or are you talking about the realized price that was going through your book in mid-April with your lags? And then what is that price level in mid-April that you are referring to?
Scott Tozier: Yes. So Joel, we're using the indices that are referenced in our contracts. So it's not just taking like the China spot or just 1 index where you're actually taking the actual indices that are referenced in our contracts as of mid-April, holding that flat and then calculating through the contract structures and the lags and caps and floors and all that kind of stuff to generate what that forecast is. And if you look at that as of mid-April to today, it's basically the same. So don't really move much in that time difference.
Joel Jackson: Great. But that is the unlagged mid-April market indices price?
Scott Tozier: That's correct. That's correct.
Eric Norris: Of course, there will be different in China versus outside China as well is a point yes. But it's -- as you know, they're very
Joel Jackson: It's a blank.
Eric Norris: Yes. That's correct.
Joel Jackson: Understood. Okay. Another question would be conversion margins have been negative for some months. And so like your actual business where you are buying spodumene, say, from Greenbushes -- excuse me, from Talison at the market price, that business of converting it is a negative margin business. I understand when you put the whole thing together, you're actually making money. But how do you think about that business that is negative? How does that change how you do things? And going forward, how do you think the mix of earnings mix of profitability should steady state out between conversion margins and spodumene production margins?
Kent Masters: We don't look at it that way. We're in the lithium business, and we're fundamental from the resource through to the salts that we sell to the customers, and we think of that as one business. And if the margin moves from one part of the business to the other, there are both ours, it's not that relevant to us.
Operator: The next question is coming from John Roberts with Credit Suisse. You may proceed.
John Roberts: Thank you. On your contracts that have caps and floors, do you expect to hit the floor on any contracts in 2023?
Kent Masters: I don't -- we've not disclosed that, right? We've not talked about specific contracts. I don't think we want to.
John Roberts: Okay. And then second question. I know it's small, but can you remind us of the main limitations of sodium-ion batteries and why the range won't improve over time for them?
Eric Norris: John, it's Eric. Its sodium-ion batteries are just less energy dense and heavier on weight for this comparable energy density. So while it may fulfill maybe a city, low-range vehicle, and that could help ease some of the ability of the industry to meet electric vehicle demand given the shortness of lithium we see in our forecast, it cannot replace it in whole in any significant way. However, it could be a viable technology in grid storage. So it just has inherent limitations given the energy density and weight to energy benefits.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Roberts. The next question is from Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital. You may proceed.
Christopher Kapsch: A couple of follow-ups. One is on the pricing discussion. Just trying to get a little bit more granular because it sounds like you have good visibility on volumes. And then the variability is going to come from the pricing assumptions. But you alluded to the sort of the bifurcation in hydroxide and carbonate prices. Can you get more explicit in sharing with us like where the assumption baked into your guidance is on each of those chemistries? Is it that $15 to $20 delta that you're currently baking in your revised guidance?
Kent Masters: Yes. So I think what -- I mean we're looking at the market as it is today or middle of April, right? And we're using those spot markets to guide us for the balance of the year by the different chemistry. So carbonate would inform -- the carbonate business and hydroxide would inform the hydroxide business. So we're holding them flat as they were in middle of April from an indices standpoint. And again, the index that are for our different contracts we talked about the main.
Christopher Kapsch: Okay. And just to be clear, you have different indexes for both carbonate and hydroxide inside China and outside China?
Scott Tozier: That's right. Yes, we've got indices for the different products. You also have different countries, different regions, and some customers actually blend some of the indices. So it's a mix, right?
Christopher Kapsch: Makes sense. Got it. And then a follow-up just on the market intelligence about the nonintegrated converters shuttering in China. Just curious too, we had heard that. That's definitely the case with lepidolite. Just wondering if your commentary where you're talking about sort of more conventional SC6 feedstock users or for lepidolite or just across the board in terms of nonintegrated converters being uneconomic as where recent spot carbonate prices have been?
Eric Norris: Well, generally speaking, Chris, what we view lepidolite producers is tending to be more integrated producers from mineral resource of lepidolite all the way through conversion. Our comments on what we're seeing and who we'd be tolling with are obviously those who consume spodumene and who have to buy spodumene in the market to run their business. That's where our comments were focused on.
Christopher Kapsch: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question is from Ben Kallo with Baird. You may proceed.
Benjamin Kallo: Thank you very much for filling me in. If you could give us some help on marginal cost of the industry and you guys point about being integrated, not how you look at the margin in mining versus conversion. But how do we think about the marginal cost of the overall industry? And any way you can frame that for us? Because I think that's the biggest question when what everyone is looking at price is like how low can it go? And if you're the cost leader, then you set that price theoretically? And then I have a follow-up.
Kent Masters: Yes. So Eric can probably add details to this. But I would say, I mean we look at it and we think you should look at it our integrated producers are producers that are not integrated, and they probably set the marginal cost right, the ones that aren't integrated. So you spodumene price, you can see, for the most part, it's pretty transparent around that. And conversion on top of that to make a margin that -- those are the marginal producers when -- I guess it moves around depending on where spodumene sits, but you can see that and probably can determine that.
Eric Norris: Yes, I'd just add, Ben, that as when the spodumene when the battery-grade carbonate price -- spot price in China on the various indices across from the 30s into the 20s, you started to see that pain. We started to hear more producers who are having trouble operating. You start to see even more activity within China to try to find ways to sort that from falling further. You could tell -- we could tell from the market sentiment that, that was a point of pain from any of these producers. And it substantiates what we've said for some time that prices need to be at least in the 20s for this industry to operate if not higher.
Kent Masters: And then you see as new resources come on, right, and new technology comes to play, those could very well move out that cost curve as well as lower quality resources come to market with different technologies, that cost curve kind of it grows.
Benjamin Kallo: Thank you. And then just on -- I think we see this already to some extent, but a bifurcation, if that's the right word, of pricing that comes out of China versus elsewhere? And then if you wanted to go elsewhere to specifically in the U.S., I know there's not a lot of volume that comes out of the U.S. But in your discussions, how much of a difference is that pricing across different regions and where -- whether it's spodumene or carbonate or what have you the difference in pricing based on region?
Kent Masters: Yes. So yes, China is a big part of the market. And historically, it's kind of set that -- all of those -- that pricing historically. I think as the other regions grow and we start shipping volume into other regions, that's going to change. And it will start bifurcating and being different around the world. But I would say now, it's kind of one market. It's kind of -- it looks like it's wanting to separate a little bit, but I would call it one still.
Eric Norris: And it's particularly true then for carbonate, 70%, 80% of the world's carbonate is consumed in China. And so if China is destocking, that's going to have a disproportionate impact on carbonate in China.
Benjamin Kallo: And so the IRA the intent of the RA to move supply chain out of China has started impacting the market pricing yet?
Kent Masters: Yes, there's no real consumption around that at the moment. But it's the speculation around it has started. But there's not a lot of volume shift that's changed since that law came into effect
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions. I will now pass it back to Kent Masters for closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thank you, and thank you all for joining us today. So it's clear we're a growth company that continues to provide added value to our markets. As a global leader in minerals that are critical to mobile, connected, healthy and sustainable future, we remain the partner of choice with customers and key stakeholders. Thank you
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Albemarle Corporation Q4 2022 Earnings Call. My name is Glenn, and I’ll be the moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. Meredith, please go ahead.
Meredith Bandy: All right. Thank you, Glenn, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of market yesterday, and you will find the press release and earnings presentation posted to our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer, Raphael Crawford, President of Ketjen; Netha Johnson, President of Specialties; and Eric Norris, President of Energy Storage are also available for Q&A. I'll note that today's call will be limited to 30 minutes shorter than our usual quarterly updates since we just held an in-depth update about three weeks ago. The replay of that webcast is available on our website. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including our outlook, guidance, expected company performance and timing of the expansion projects may constitute forward-looking statements. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation that same language applies to this call. I'll also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our earnings presentation. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ken.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Meredith. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'll start by highlighting that our fourth quarter results were exceptional with close to triple the net sales from the same period in 2021 and adjusted EBITDA up more than 400% year-over-year. And while rising lithium pricing contributed to these results, we also saw significant increased volume growth. Scott will go into the financial details for the quarter and the year. We are confident in our assessment of the market opportunity for our essential elements and equally confident of our ability to seize that opportunity. We anticipate net sales growth of 55% to 75% for 2023. Our strategy is not just to maintain but to build on our global leadership in both Energy Storage and Specialties, and we continue to invest in both capacity and innovation to make that happen. And now I'll turn it over to Scott for details.
Scott Tozier: Great. Thanks, Kent, and good morning, everyone. Let's start on slide 5 to quickly review the fourth quarter 2022 performance. Net sales for the fourth quarter closed at approximately $2.6 billion, up 193% from last year, driven primarily by our Lithium segment, but we saw increases in bromine as well. Net income attributable to Albemarle was $1.1 billion for the fourth quarter. Diluted EPS for the fourth quarter was $9.60, which was a record for Albemarle. In fact, it easily beat our previous full year EPS record of $6.34 back in 2018. Turning to slide 6. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was over $1.2 billion, up almost 5.5 times year-over-year. This $1 billion increase was primarily driven by higher lithium prices and increased volumes. As you can see on the slide, this high quarterly results also contributed heavily to our full year increase in adjusted EBITDA of nearly 300%. Our Bromine segment was up slightly. And as expected, our Catalyst segment came in lower in the quarter as higher sales volumes and favorable pricing were offset by a plant shutdown due to the winter freeze in Texas in December. Full year 2023 guidance is unchanged from our strategic update in January. We continue to expect strong sequential sales growth in 2023. And remember, we have assumed flat year-end 2022 lithium pricing throughout 2023. We expect our adjusted EBITDA to be approximately 20% to 45% higher than 2022, with positive trends in all three businesses. Additionally, we expect net cash from operations to rise between 10% and 25% over 2022. And this means we expect to remain free cash flow positive this year even after increasing our growth investments. On slide 8, we expect to see net sales increase sequentially quarter-to-quarter, as our volumes ramp up. We project that our adjusted EBITDA will be evenly split between the first and second halves of the year. And as a result, we anticipate that margin rates will moderate as we progress through the year, and I'll come back to that in a moment. All three of our business segments are looking at healthy growth rates during the year reiterating what we detailed in our January event. Since our webcast in January, a lot of the questions we've gotten are around margins and capital expenditures. So I'll provide some additional color and time on those two items, and then Kent will provide a market update. So let's turn to slide 9. Energy Storage EBITDA margins were 65% in 2022. And then in 2023, a lower impact of spodumene inventory, and increased impact of our JVs is expected to normalize our 2023 margins to around 46% to 47%. Most of that roughly 20 percentage point decline is due to spodumene inventory lags. It takes about six months for spodumene to go from our mines through conversion to our customers. Last year, we saw dramatic increases in pricing for lithium and spodumene. And due to that time lag on spodumene inventory, we realized higher lithium pricing from our customers faster than higher spodumene costs. And as a result, we had unusually strong margins in 2022, particularly in the second half. The next item affecting margins is the accounting treatment of the MARBL joint venture. We expect to report 100% of net sales, but only our share of EBITDA, resulting in a lower reported margin on that portion of the business. As this joint venture continues to ramp up, this accounting impact will increase. We are in active discussions with our partner about restructuring the MARBL joint venture and expect to have news on this soon. Finally, our EBITDA margins are impacted by tax expense at our Talison joint venture. Talison income is included in our EBITDA on an after-tax basis. If you adjust Talison results to exclude this, margins would be about 8% to 10% higher in 2023. Let's turn to our capital expenditures outlook on slide 10. We are investing with three goals in mind. First, to add conversion capacity and remain vertically integrated; second, to invest in new product technology to support battery advances; and third, to build and maintain our world-class resource base. To meet these goals, we expect capital investment to increase from about $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion in 2023 to about $4 billion to $4.4 billion in 2027. About half the increase in capital expense relates to geographic diversification to support customer demand for regional lithium conversion and supply. In 2023, we're investing in our conversion capacity in Meishan in Qinzhou. And as the EV market develops in other parts of the world, we will continue to invest. For example, we are planning investments in North America and Europe, where we estimate capital intensity to be more than double. Second, by mid-decade, we expect to invest more in technology to produce advanced energy storage materials for next-generation batteries. And lastly, we expect to invest in additional resource development. Across our capital spending, about 5% is linked to sustainability, including improvements to new and existing facilities. These investments are expected to generate strong returns, allowing us to continue to invest to support our customers while generating significant free cash flow. With that, I'll turn it over to Kent for a brief market update and closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thanks, Scott. As China reopens, we expect moderation in EV demand to be short-lived with medium and long-term demand remaining robust. We continue to expect EV sales in China to grow 40% year-over-year, an increase of nearly 3 million vehicles. As you can see in the chart on the right, sales in China are seasonally weak around the Lunar New Year. We believe the latest phasing out of subsidies will have limited impact on demand. EV subsidies have rolled off on schedule since 2013 with only brief declines in sales, continued municipal incentives and consumer preferences support a strong demand outlook for EVs. Our contract customers are not slowing down their ordering patterns and early indications are both that cathode inventory and battery inventory in China are decreasing, which is a good sign for lithium sales. We're listening to our customers, and we'll be watching the data, so we'll continue to adjust our expectation as the year progresses. Our biggest challenge is managing the tremendous growth opportunity that is in front of us. We are leveraging our durable competitive advantages like our world-class resources, our global asset portfolio and technical know-how to continue to grow. And we are being absolutely disciplined about how we build our leadership position, particularly when it comes to scaling lithium production and conversion. We intend to accelerate growth profitably and in ways that align with customer needs. We are confident that electrification will continue to be a primary pathway toward a clean energy future, but we also recognize that the future for Albemarle is built on more than electric vehicles and done more than just our production capacity. As we said in our strategic update, our strength in transforming resources into essential elements give us outstanding leadership opportunities in four key areas: mobility, energy, connectivity and health. We know that customer-focused innovations and sustainability are as essential to our future as our resource capacity as we work to fulfill our purpose of enabling a more resilient world. So, now we'll move to Q&A. And Glenn, you're going to moderate that.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from P.J. Juvekar from Citi P.J., your line is now open.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Hi, good morning everyone. Just a long-term question. As you get ready for Kings Mountain site to potentially restart in, let's say, four or five years, I know you're doing a lot of community outreach and engagement today. But can you lay out for us the milestones in terms of permitting process. And after the IRA, do you think the process has gotten any easier? Thank you.
Kent Masters: Okay. So, all right, interesting. So, I mean we are doing a lot of community outreach. It's not so much about the permitting process. It's just kind of how we're doing business when we go about a project like this. So, -- and we expect to continue to do that throughout the life of the mine as we do that and other mines and other sites as well. So, we're just -- we're changing a little bit how we do that, learning from some of the success that we've had in Lithium business, and we apply that to our other sites as well, whether we're mining there or not. But we'll continue to see that outreach. On the -- has the permitting process gotten easier since the IRA, I think there's a tension on it. We are hopeful that it may be a little bit easier and streamlined, but I can't -- we can't say that it's gotten that way yet. That's my view. And then some of the milestones in permitting, Eric, do you want to comment on that?
Eric Norris: I guess, P.J., good morning. I think that the first step would be permitting towards the latter as beginning to apply for permitting towards the latter half of this year. We've been in feasibility work on environmental side and sustainability side to prepare for that permit. And we have a permitting strategy that can get all the details on here, but I'd say leverage is the fact that it's a brownfield site. So, we're optimistic that even though there's -- as Kent said, there's tension and attention on the permitting process that this particular mine, given its brownfield history, we'll have hopefully a rapid review. So, we'll continue to monitor that closely and update you accordingly.
Kent Masters: Yes. But even though we're not -- we're filing for permits this year, we've been doing work on gathering data for that process for almost two years, I think, I'm not exactly sure how long, but for quite some time, the data that's necessary for those permits, the history around everything that you have to report on to get the permits. So, it's a process that takes a little time. And even though we haven't formally filed yet, we've been working on that for a couple of years.
P.J. Juvekar: Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Thank you, P.J. Your next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. David, your line is now open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Eric, just on lithium spot price in China, it's not a major focus of ours. We have seen continued softening over the last few weeks. What do you make of that?
Eric Norris: David, I would say it has a lot to do with what Kent described in his remarks. We've come off out of a period of time in 2022 of remarkable growth, that exceeded expectations in terms of EV production and was going at a pretty heady pace when the decision was taken to reopen the economy and then -- and of course, you know what happened thereafter. I mean the virus spread quite rapidly, and it did staff consumer demand at a time when seasonally, it was weak anyway because of the Lunar New Year. I think there's much been made about the subsidies as well rolling off, but those have been rolling off for several years. Some of them have been extended at the provincial level, and some of the more meaningful subsidies are at the state and local level anyway. So we don't think that, that's a big issue, and we've certainly seen that in prior years have initially a spike in demand immediately before the subsidy comes off, a drop in demand right after it comes off and then a rebound in demand. Our projection and our customers' view is that this year, particularly in the second half, we'll see that growth that's projected of close to 40%. In the meantime, people are buying under contracts, but not venturing into the spot market and bringing their -- in China, bringing their inventories down quite low, because we're in this post-holiday period with still some uncertainty in the very near term. We expect that to be short-lived though with the demand rebound later this year.
David Begleiter : Very helpful. And Scott, just on the full year guidance, thank you for the first half, second half split. Any further thoughts on the Q1 versus Q2 split in EBITDA?
Scott Tozier : Yes, I would expect that Q1 would be stronger than the second quarter. Again, it's really driven by that inventory lag that we're seeing ultimately as well as the strong prices in the fourth quarter that carry into the first quarter, ultimately. So, ultimately, I think the first quarter is a bit stronger than the second quarter.
David Begleiter : Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, David. We have our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Jeff, your line is now open.
Jeff Zekauskas : Thanks very much. If lithium prices remain flat in 2023, is it the case that your equity income from Talison would remain at that 332 [ph] level all the way through 2023? And is Talison making as much spodumene as it can make or is there room for it to move up in 2023 and 2024?
Scott Tozier : Yes, I'll take the equity income question and maybe, Eric, you can take the production question. So we'd expect -- if lithium prices stay flat, we'd actually expect the equity income out of Talison to increase. If you remember, the transfer price out of Talison is on a, at least historically been on a six-month lag. It's now shifted to a three-month lag. And so that -- the increases that have happened last year will start to flow through in the first half of 2023. So I'd expect it to be higher. Eric, do you want to talk about production?
Eric Norris: Yes. And Jeff, with regard to production, you may know that CGP1, the first line has been running for years now is at max rates. CGP2 came on in the recent past and is ramping a ramp last year. There is possible -- possibility for that to run it slightly, I mean, the upside would be it can run at a slightly better rates. It's not -- there's some productivity in the bottlenecking activities to make that could result in that, although it is running close to capacity. And then there's additional from the tailings reprocess lithium that's being added. So it's higher year-on-year, and there's potential for be slightly higher if those productivity initiatives are successful.
Jeff Zekauskas : Okay. Great. And you spoke of your first half and second half lithium EBITDA as being comparable. Given that there's so much more production coming out of Chile. Why would that be the case? Shouldn't your volumes be stronger in the second half of 2023?
Scott Tozier: Yes. They'll definitely be stronger. It will be on the basis of the production out of Chile, but also the ramping up of lodging and the conversion there. And then the additional volume that Eric just talked about with Talison. Of course, prices are up, but we're assuming prices flat throughout the year based off of how we exited 2022. And then you have got to layer on the cost impacts that I talked about on the call. So you've got the spodumene inventory lag that corrects itself this year. You've got as Wodgina ramps up, you have a margin rate impact there that just due to the fact that we report a 100% of the revenue and only half of the EBITDA.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you, Jeff. With our next question comes from Stephen Richardson from Evercore ISI. Stephen, your line is now open.
Stephen Richardson: Hi. Good morning. I was wondering if you could dig in a little bit on the European strategy. It seems clearly, in China, you've acquired and built conversion capacity. And in the US, it looks like things are really centered at Kings Mountain. Could you talk a little bit about Europe in terms of how you're thinking about how this evolves? I know it's early, but -- is this an area where we would see you bring material from either Chile or Western Australia? And then do you envision yourself partnering or doing more of a greenfield as it comes to supplying on the continent?
Kent Masters: So I'll start with that. Eric can fill in a little bit. So I think you're -- I mean, you answered part of the question. So -- we're moving from China. North America. We've got -- we have resource strategy and a program for North America, we're investing there and we'll be a similar program in Europe. We don't have the resource base in Europe that we have in North America. So we'd like it to be a combination of some local resource, which we don't have at the moment, and then bringing some -- bringing resource in, in some form. And that's most likely going to be from Chile and Western Australia, because it's where the big resource bases are at the moment. And we just got to work out the strategy of how we bring that in the most economically and the most sustainable way that we can, and that's going to be about the strategy with the assets that we put on the ground in Australia. Eric, can talk about partnering.
Eric Norris: Yes. So Stephen, it would be a greenfield site as there really are no brownfield sites for such capacity in Europe today. And we've gone through a site selection process and looked at numerous countries and haven't drawn that down close enough yet to make an announcement or to say anything publicly further about it. But that being said, it would be a plant that would be modeled very intentionally after what we've done here in North America or we want to do in North America, I should say -- around a plant that is able to process a variety of different feedstocks. I can't mention Chile. That would be a carbonate feed or spodumene or derivative of spodumene coming from Australia into Europe and also having the ability to have recycling. We very much view that kind of strategy being one that has an opportunity for a partner, whether that be an OEM or other producers in the battery supply chain in the region. And we don't have anything further we can say about that, but that's an effort that remains underway in terms of how we might partner to bring about that closed loop process in addition to the sort of the virgin lithium production we intend to put on the continent.
Stephen Richardson: Appreciate the color. Thanks. If I could just put in one follow-up, I appreciate the comments off the top in terms of the CapEx outlook. One of the questions that we fielded on this is it's clear that your – this CapEx outlook is a function of looking at the current environment or I think you used year-end 2022 environment for pricing going forward. So important to realize that you're not obligated to spend this $4.4 billion in 2017. I guess, the one point of clarification is, is that a peak for CapEx based on the Project Q that you're looking at, like this CapEx come down in 2028, 2029 based on that cadence of project spend? Thank you.
Kent Masters: Yeah. So yeah, I would say – I mean, you're right. We're not committed to it. So we will look, as things evolve and go, that's our best view. We put a five-year plan out there. That's our best view – the best view of what we'd be doing over five years. So – but any capital that we'll be investing in 2027 will be for 2031, 2032 market. And it's a pretty long way to be able to predict that from here. So it's – we don't want to go past that five-year forecast that we put out there. It could level off. I mean, it just depends on what the market looks like, and we'll know a lot more in five years' time than we do today. But any capital we're spending in 2027 is that's for 2032 or 2031, whatever the time frame is around that. And then it's important to note that, our CapEx program becomes more resource oriented. I mean, it will be – it's been conversion in the near-term, because we've had the resource. It will be more balanced between conversion and resource as we get out into that time frame.
Stephen Richardson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Stephen. We have our next question comes from Christopher Parkinson from Mizuho. Christopher, your line is now open.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you so much. Can you just give a little bit more incremental information on how we should be thinking about the ramps at both Kemerton and Qinzhou, and whether or not there's any just very brief updated thought process on your additional capacity optionalities, especially in the United States through the balance of the decade? Thank you.
Kent Masters: Okay. So – and I guess, I mean, Qinzhou is operating, and it will ramp up. So there are make rights we have to do – we have to do there. So even we're operating today, we'll have to take it down to do those make rights to get additional volume, and there's a potential to expand at Qinzhou as well, but that's not a project that we're executing at the moment. So that's – we want to get up the speed and operating, but it's operating today, and we'll probably – it will ramp up over the next year, I think, to kind of the full capacity, acquisition capacity, which is around – we target at 25,000 tons. Kemerton is making product today, but we're not selling in the product because we need to get qualification from our customers. So we're – that's where we are. And then that will ramp over time – and we've – the strategy – originally, the strategy at Kemerton was to execute both train simultaneously. We've bifurcated that, because we struggled with labor during the pandemic and still, frankly, struggle with labor at Kemerton. So we're sequencing the commissioning and implementation. So Train 1 is operating and making product. Train 2 is not, and it's probably six months behind Train 1, I would say. And then that will ramp over time. We've always said, we ramp those projects, we planned those projects to ramp from start-up to full capacity over a two-year period. And I think that's probably the -- still the rule of thumb that we're following. And is there another part of the question?
Christopher Parkinson: Yeah. Just any updated thought process on your additional projects that you can assess specifically in the US over the next few years? Just any updated thoughts? That's all. Thank you.
Kent Masters: Yeah. So probably nothing new since the call a few weeks ago. So we're still looking at the site selection for a conversion facility to convert the Kings Mountain or Silver Peak, we've expanded and it's operating at that expansion rate, maybe a little bit more ramp-up to do at Silver Peak, but it's operating at that higher rate. And then the other would be Magnolia or -- and that is a little bit further out, but we're making progress there and planning that project, but we've not kicked it off from an FID standpoint yet.
Christopher Parkinson: Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you, Christopher. And our last question comes from John Roberts from Credit Suisse. John, your line is now open.
John Roberts: Thank you. I think your guidance is based on the December 31st realized price, but I just want to clarify, the equity income within that guidance is based on price rising through the first quarter because of the lag and then for the remaining quarters of 2023, the equity income has a flat price after that lags recovered.
Scott Tozier: It's actually -- on the equity income, it actually goes up in the first half, through the first half. So -- and then we'll see volumetric increases out of that as well. So it actually increases through the year sequentially.
John Roberts: Okay. And then any update on the negotiations with Mineral Resources on the MARBL JV?
Kent Masters: So not a real update. Scott had said in his comments that we continue to talk with our partners and that we expect to be able to announce something soon, but nothing for today.
John Roberts: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, John. Ladies and gentlemen, that's all the time we have for questions. I will now pass the floor back to Ken Master for closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thank you. As you heard today and during our January webcast, we feel we have the right strategy, the operating model and the people to meet this opportunity and manage our business successfully to grow today and well into the future. So thank you for joining our call and your interest in Albemarle. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Q3 2022 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Alex, and I'll be coordinating the call today. [Operator Instructions] I'll now hand over to your host, Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. Please go ahead.
Meredith Bandy: All right. Thank you, Alex, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of market yesterday, and you'll find the press release and presentation posted to our website under the Investor Relations section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer, Raphael Crawford, President of Catalyst, Netha Johnson, President of Bromine and Eric Norris, President of Lithium, are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including our outlook, guidance, expected company performance and timing of expansion projects may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and presentation, that same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our earnings presentation. Lastly, I would like to highlight that in January, we plan to host a webcast to provide our full year 2023 guidance and new five-year targets for our restructured businesses. With that, I will turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters : Thanks. Meredith, and thank you all for joining us today. On today's call, I'll highlight our third quarter results and achievements. Scott will provide more detail on our financial results, outlook, balance sheet and capital allocation. I'll then close our prepared remarks with an update on our structure and our strategic growth projects. We had another excellent quarter as Albemarle continues to benefit from the demand for lithium-ion batteries driven by the energy transition. This, plus growth in bromine, drove a strong third quarter. We generated net sales of $2.1 billion or more than 2.5 times the prior year period. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA of $1.2 billion or approximately 5 times the prior year period, continued the trend of increase -- of EBITDA increasing significantly outpacing sales growth. We are tightening our previously raised 2022 outlook and reaffirming our expectation to be free cash flow positive for the year. Scott will review the key elements of our outlook in his remarks. In October, we completed the acquisition of the Qinzhou lithium conversion facility in China. This, along with the mechanical completion of the Kemerton II lithium conversion project in Australia has us on track to more than double our lithium conversion capacity this year. In response to the growth opportunities ahead of us, we announced during the quarter a new segment structure that is expected to take effect in January of 2023. We are realigning our core lithium and bromine businesses into Albemarle Energy Storage and Albemarle Specialties. Additionally, we completed the strategic review of the Catalysts business. After our work, we determined that the best course was to hold the business as a separate entity with a separate brand identity. Going forward, this business will be known as Ketjen. After the founder of the refining catalyst business, a call back to the business' proud history of innovation and sustainability. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott to walk through our financials.
Scott Tozier : Thanks, Kent, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide five. Diluted EPS for the third quarter was $7.61 dollar compared to a loss of $3.36 dollar in the prior year period. As a reminder, last year was negatively impacted by a settlement of a legal matter. Adjusted diluted EPS for the third quarter was $7.50 dollar, 7 times the prior year EPS of just over $1.00 dollar. This overall performance was driven by strong net sales and margin improvement for the total company. Albemarle generated third quarter net sales of $2.1 billion, up 2.5 times year-over-year due to ongoing momentum in the Lithium and Bromine businesses. Adjusted EBITDA margins improved from 26% to 57% this year. Let's turn to Slide six for more details on adjusted EBITDA. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was up $1.2 billion, nearly 450% increase year-over-year. This strong growth continued to be driven by higher lithium EBITDA that was nearly $1 billion higher than last year. In fact, lithium's Q3 EBITDA was more than double what we generated in all of last year.  This record performance for the Lithium segment was driven by higher realized pricing, which was up nearly 300% and higher volumes that were up 20% versus the prior year quarter. Lithium adjusted EBITDA margins of 74% were more than double the previous year. Margins are expected to moderate in the Q4 and into next year for several reasons. First, a spodumene shipment from Talison originally expected in the fourth quarter occurred in Q3, resulting in a $100 million benefit in equity income. This benefit is not expected to reoccur. Second, margins benefited from the timing of spodumene shipments and the rapid rise we have experienced in spodumene and lithium prices. It takes up to six months for a ton of spodumene to navigate our supply chain from the mine to the customer. This has given us above-average margins in 2022, particularly in Q3 because we are selling at higher lithium market prices, but cost of sales is based on lower-priced spodumene held in inventory. Note, we would not expect this benefit to repeat in 2023 unless we see a similar rise in spodumene and lithium prices from current levels. And third, as the MARBL joint venture starts to generate revenue and earnings, we anticipate some margin rate reduction. This is because the MARBL joint venture is being reported under a distributor model. Under this structure, we report -- Albemarle reports 100% of the revenue but only our pro rata share of earnings. We would expect overall, a return to more normal Lithium margin levels in the mid-50% range in Q4. Bromine was also up compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher pricing, up 18% and volumes up 10%. However, we are beginning to see softness in some bromine markets, which I'll talk about in a few minutes. Catalysts EBITDA declined versus the year ago quarter as higher sales volumes and pricing continue to be more than offset by cost pressures, particularly for natural gas in Europe and raw materials. Moving to Slide seven. We are tightening our ranges from the increased 2022 outlook we provided last quarter. This reflects the continued strength in execution in our lithium business and more modest growth in bromine while our Catalysts performance is in line with our expectations. We have narrowed the ranges for the full year 2022 guidance as follows, net sales of $7.1 billion to $7.4 billion, more than doubling versus last year, adjusted EBITDA of $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion, reflecting a year-over-year improvement of nearly 300%, and adjusted diluted EPS of $19.75 dollar to $21.75 dollar, up about 5 times from 2021. We still expect to have positive free cash flow for the full year. And assuming flat market pricing, we expect to continue to generate positive free cash flow in 2023, even with continued growth investments. Security of supply remains the number one priority for our customers and we continue to partner and work closely with them to meet their growth requirements. Let's look at the next slide for more detail on our outlook by segment. Lithium continues its stellar performance. We maintain our expectation for the lithium segment's full year 2022 adjusted EBITDA to be up more than 500% year-over-year as strong market pricing flows through our index referenced variable price contracts. Pricing growth is expected to be 225% to 250% year-over-year resulting from our previously renegotiated contracts and increased market pricing. We also continue to expect year-over-year volume growth in the range of 20% to 30%. The current guidance range for the lithium segment reflects the potential upside for spot price improvements and the potential downside of volume shortfalls for the remainder of the year. For Bromine, we are slightly modifying our full year 2022 EBITDA expectations with year-over-year growth at the lower end of our recent outlook of 25% to 30%, but that's still above the outlook we had earlier in the year. The modification in our expectations reflects emerging softness in some end markets, such as consumer and industrial electronics and building and construction. The slowing in construction is a natural consequence of higher interest rates. Full year volume growth is also projected to be at the lower end of previous guidance for a 5% to 10% volume increase. For Catalysts, we expect full year EBITDA to be down between 45% and 65% year-over-year. We noted earlier that this market is being affected by significant cost pressures primarily related to natural gas in Europe affected by the Ukraine war, certain raw materials as well as freight and is partially offset by higher sales volumes and pricing. We are beginning to realize some price increases associated with natural gas surcharges and inflation adjustments, and those are expected to ramp up in Q4 and going into next year. Turning to Slide nine for an update on our lithium pricing and contracts. This slide reflects the expected split of our 2022 lithium revenues. Battery-grade revenues continue to make up approximately 85% of our Lithium contracts. Our revenue and contract mix are unchanged from last quarter. We remain committed to long-term contracts with our strategic customers, and most of our volumes are sold under two to five year contracts. The market index structure of our contracts allows us to capture the benefits of higher market pricing while also dampening volatility. It also means that neither Albemarle nor our customers are too far out of the market. From the beginning of the year to today, market indices are more than 100% higher on average, moving from about $35 dollar per kilogram to over $70 now. After holding at these levels for the last six months, indices recently ticked up again, thanks to healthy EV-related demand, particularly in China and North America. If price indices remain where they are, we would expect to realize healthy double-digit percentage price increases in 2023. Slide 10 shows the expected lithium sales volumes, including technical-grade spodumene and tolling sales. In 2022, as I said, we are looking at volume improvement of 20% to 30%, largely due to the expansion at La Negra, additional tolling, and some Qinzhou volumes.  Volume growth in 2023 is expected to be north of 30% as La Negra, Kemerton and Qinzhou continue to ramp plus additional tolling volumes. Based on current project time lines, we see room for further upside in 2025 from additional conversion assets such as our greenfield plant in Meishan. Turning to Slide 11. Our strong net cash from operations and solid balance sheet support continued organic growth and our ability to pursue acquisitions that complement our growth strategy. Our balance sheet includes $1.4 billion of cash and available liquidity of over $3 billion. Since last quarter, net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA improved to approximately 0.9 times and should end the year between 0.6 times and 0.7 times. These levels give us excellent flexibility. During October, we upsized and extended our revolving credit facility to reflect our larger scale and position us well in case of market turbulence. Over 90% of our debt position is at a fixed rate, which safeguards us against the impacts of a rising interest rate environment. Knowing that the economy is on everyone's mind, let's turn to Slide 12 for more on the macro environment. We expect all three GBUs to grow in 2023 even in the turbulent market environment. But it's going to look different for each of our businesses. For example, in lithium and bromine, our vertical integration and access to low-cost resources helps control our cost structure. While approximately 45% of our costs come from raw materials and services, 20% of those relate to our own spodumene. We continue to expect strong demand for lithium driven by the secular shift to electric vehicles, including OEM investments and public policy support. We are watching to see how rising interest rates impact luxury vehicle sales in the short term, but we expect EVs to continue to grow and gain market share just as we saw in 2020 during the peak of the COVID pandemic. Of the three businesses, Bromine and our Lithium Specialties demand is likely the most leveraged to global economic trends in consumer and industrial spending, automotive and building and construction. At the same time, they benefit from having diverse end markets, meaning they can allocate production to higher growth or higher margin end markets as needed. Bromine and lithium specialties also tend to rebound quickly after a recession. Finally, Catalysts demand is closely linked to transportation fuel demand. In a typical recession, Catalysts is relatively resilient. Think about it this way. Oil prices generally drop in a recession and that drives higher fuel demand, which equals higher catalyst demand for refining. And typically, the Catalysts business would benefit from lower raw material costs in a recessionary environment. Before I turn the call back over to Kent, I wanted to briefly reiterate our capital allocation priorities to support our growth strategy as seen on Slide 13. Investing in high-return growth opportunities remains our top capital allocation priority. We remain committed to strategically growing our lithium and bromine capacity in a disciplined manner. For example, the Qinzhou acquisition we just closed allowed us to accelerate growth and meet our return hurdles. Maintaining financial flexibility and supporting our dividend are also key priorities. As we saw during the COVID pandemic, maintaining an investment-grade credit rating and a strong balance sheet are key to executing our growth strategy and weathering temporary economic downturns. Now I'll turn it back over to Kent.
Kent Masters : Thanks, Scott. Before we look at the growth projects, I wanted to update you on the separation of our Catalysts business and the reshaping of our core portfolio. We are realigning our core lithium and bromine businesses into energy storage and specialties and expect this to be effective in January of 2023. The restructuring is designed to allow for stronger focus and better execution on our multiple growth opportunities. Energy storage will focus on lithium ion battery evolution and the energy transition. And Albemarle specialties combines the existing bromine business with the Lithium Specialties business to focus on diverse growth opportunities in industries such as consumer and industrial electronics, healthcare, automotive and building and construction. Following the strategic review of the Catalysts business, we determined that the best course was to hold the business as a separate entity with a separate brand identity. This structure is intended to allow the Catalysts business to respond to unique customer needs and global market dynamics more effectively while also achieving its growth ambitions. The business will be named Ketjen, referencing the business' original founder, which draws on our entrepreneurial heritage, our Catalysts business. This business will continue to be managed by Raphael Crawford. Additionally, we have established an advisory board for Ketjen, with Netha Johnson acting as Chair. Its primary purpose is to provide thought leadership and strategic advice to Ketjen senior management. These changes reflect Albemarle's focus on growing our business, our people and our values by being agile and providing innovative solutions that anticipate customers' needs and meet the markets of tomorrow. So, looking at Slide 15. As one of the world's largest producers of lithium, we are well positioned to enable the global energy transition. We are focused on building the structure and capabilities to deliver significant conversion capacity around the world. We are investing in China, Australia and North and South America and anticipate production up to 500,000 tons per year on a nameplate conversion capacity by 2030. And we are off to a great start. When you look at where we were just a year ago at 85,000 tons compared to our expectation to end 2022 with 200,000 tons of capacity. Now a few recent highlights around that capacity. In Chile, the La Negra III and IV conversion plant has completed commercial qualification is now generating revenue and running as expected. We are looking at a variety of options to enhance our Chilean operations to accelerate sustainability and potentially expand production. For example, as discussed in our sustainability report, we are progressing options for renewable energy and desalinated water projects. Albemarle and our predecessor companies have operated in Chile for more than 40 years. Our current contract with CORFO runs through 2043. By continuing to advance sustainability, we can continue to be the partner of choice, sharing the benefits of lithium production with the community and earning the right to grow our operations in the future. In Australia, the Kemerton II conversion plant has successfully reached mechanical completion and has entered the commissioning phase of the project. Kemerton I continues in qualification, and we expect to produce qualification samples by year-end. We are also making progress with engineering on our Kemerton III and IV project as we started placing orders for long lead time equipment. In China, besides the acquisition of the Qinzhou lithium conversion plant, construction is progressing to plan at the 50,000 ton per year Meishan lithium hydroxide facility. Our ownership stakes at the Wodgina and Greenbushes lithium mines ensures we have access to low-cost spodumene to feed these conversion facilities. And finally, in the United States, the expansion to double production at Silver Peak is progressing ahead of schedule. At the Kings Mountain mine, studies continue to progress positively. We announced two weeks ago, we have received a $150 million grant from the U.S. Department of Energy to partially fund the construction of a lithium concentrator. We're proud to partner with the federal government on this project. To leverage our Kings Mountain lithium mine, we plan to build a multi-train conversion site in the Southeast U.S. This Megaflex site is designed to handle mineral resources from Kings Mountain and other Albemarle sites as well as recycling feedstock. We continue to expect the mine and the conversion site to be online later this decade, most likely in 2027. With our best-in-class know-how to design, build and commission both resource and conversion assets, Albemarle is well positioned to enable the localization of the battery supply chain in North America. The recently passed U.S. Inflation Reduction Act, or the IRA is designed to encourage domestic EV supply chain investment, among other objectives. The law includes manufacturing and consumer tax credits for sourcing critical minerals like lithium in the United States or in free trade agreement partner countries like Chile and Australia. The solid bar indicates 2022 expected lithium production in the United States and free trade agreement countries, both from Albemarle and other lithium producers. Compared to forecasted U.S. EV demand for lithium by 2030, there's a 400,000-ton gap between today's supply and the supply needed in 2030. The bar on the right indicate how Albemarle's planned expansions in the U.S., Australia and Chile can play a key role in increasing U.S. lithium supply and assisting our customers with increased demand for electric vehicles and localized supply. Now moving to our last slide, let me sum up the key points on our growth strategy. First, a strong outlook. For 2022, we're projecting revenue at double 2021, adjusted EBITDA at nearly 4 times 2021 and cash from operations at 4 times 2021. And we expect continued growth into 2023. Second, financial flexibility to fund profitable growth and maintain our credit rating while still supporting our dividend. Third, a strong operating model that should power us through the current macro-economic turbulence. Fourth, high-return growth projects are underway in both lithium and bromine. In total, Albemarle is well positioned to deliver growth and build long-term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Now I'll ask Alex to open the call for questions. And we'll go from there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. P.J. Your line is now open.
PJ Juvekar : Yes. Good morning and Some good information here. Kent and Eric, you just built Kemerton I and II conversion plants in Australia, La Negra III and IV, the Qinzhou plant in China that you just bought. So, you have a good handle on the cost to build a conversion plant. What's your estimate to build a comparable conversion plant in U.S. versus Australia versus China? And do you think the costs are as much as 10 times higher in the U.S. than China to build a convergent plant?
Kent Masters : Good morning. P.J. So, no, not 10 times. I wouldn't -- I mean it's going to be more expensive to build in the U.S. than China. So we -- but we built in Australia now, and we're building in China. So, we've got a good handle on that. So, we think North America will be something like Australia and say for, and that might be twice China, but nothing like 10 times.
PJ Juvekar : Okay. And then we know that there is going to be huge demand for lithium hydroxide in the U.S. You have the IRA now and availability of funding and grants. Why wouldn't you go ahead and announce several sites than just rather than building just one mega site? And the reason I say that is that the time, as you know, takes to permit these facilities and build, why not get ahead of the curve if you want to meet that gap that you show on the chart between now and 2030?
Kent Masters : Yes. So, we're building pretty aggressively, and we need both elements. We need the resource and then we need the conversion assets. So, I mean, between balancing those, we're keeping less in balance and moving pretty much with the market. We may be half a step behind. I don't know that we wanted to 3 or 4 facilities in the U.S., I don't think we could feed those. I'm not sure that would make sense. We would do -- I mean, our plan is we'll do this large facility that we're looking at in the conversion site in the U.S. That's going to be a big facility and probably do another one at that scale, but we have to have the resource defeated.
Scott Tozier : Kent, I'd add too, we're progressing our direct lithium extraction work in Magnolia, Arkansas. And so, as that comes to maturity, you could expect a conversion facility in that area as well?
Kent Masters : Yes, it's a good point. And that's probably will be a little smaller facility just because of the resource from the direct lithium extraction. But that is a slightly different time frame than the conversion facility in the Southeast.
PJ Juvekar : Right. Just quickly, what was the size of the Megaflex facility? Thank you and I’ll pass it on. 
Kent Masters : What was the question? What is the site? We have [indiscernible] southeast...
PJ Juvekar : Yes, the size -- no. No, the size. The size, yes.
Kent Masters : Okay. Sorry. So, the size of -- we're planning 100,000 for a conversion facility of 100,000 tons. It will come in phases. But the idea is roughly 25% would be from recycled materials, 75% from virgin material.
PJ Juvekar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Deyoe from Bank of America.
Matthew Deyoe : Good morning every one. So, I wanted to, I guess, tap a little bit more on the equity income side of the equation. If I were to just look at what IGO reported as it relates to the equity income and the internal transfer pricing, can you help us kind of square how that kind of runs through your numbers, how that impacted the 3Q margins and maybe the puts and takes as we bridge to 4Q?
Scott Tozier : Yes. So, if you look at IGO's report, they show Talison's full equity -- full net income for the quarter. One thing to remember is for Albemarle, once we buy spodumene, we have to inventory that profit until we actually sell it to the end customer. And so that adjustment is kind of the reconciling item. And one way to kind of look at it is because of that six-month supply chain that I talked about in the prepared remarks, you actually go back to first quarter of this year, and that amount versus the amount in the third quarter is about what that inventory adjustment is.
Matthew Deyoe : Understood. And can I ask how you're thinking about future investment in China? I know you have Meishan and I remember when the Tianyuan acquisition was initially announced, there was talk about potentially debottlenecking that facility. But -- how do you balance the lower CapEx in market size with kind of what feels like growing geopolitical risk to the region?
Kent Masters : Yes. So that -- it's a good question. And what we are -- I mean you get lower capital, we referenced that kind of like half the capital to do that in China. The Qinzhou acquisition was good for us. So, we'll look at -- once we operate that for a while and get a good understanding, we'll look at expanding it. Probably, most likely, we'll expand that. And then we've got the Meishan project that we're doing there. And then we had a project that we were looking at Zhangjiagang, and that's another one that we think about, but we're -- as demand grows. So China is still the largest lithium market in the world, and their growth is quite significant.  We've got demand growing in North America and Europe now. So, we're trying just to balance that, manage the opportunity and minimize the risk. So, I think that that's something that we look at all the time. Our plans -- our firm plans at the moment are -- we've done the Qinzhou acquisition, and we're building the Meishan project. And we're planning to do an expansion of the Qinzhou facility but we won't actually have to pull the trigger on that because we want to get a little bit of operating experience with that plant. And then change the design somewhat when we do the expansion. So, we look at it all the time and something that we just adjust to as to what's current.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Aleksey your line is now open.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thank you and good morning every one. The lithium volume guidance for this year is 20% to 30% and you posted 20% year-over-year in third quarter, 18% in the second. So, is it fair to say if you're trending towards the lower end of this guidance for the full year at this point?
Scott Tozier : No, we should be probably in the middle of that guidance range. So, as we're ramping up volume at La Negra, you should see improvement to that growth rate in the fourth quarter. I don't know, Eric, if you have any more.
Eric Norris : Aleksey, I'd just add that, that has always been the case, is that because of the nature of the ramp of our plants, both La Negra, Kemerton, Qinzhou coming into the full, we've always been back half loaded. The challenge we had in the third quarter was on the production side, mostly in tolling in China due to brownouts -- rolling brownouts in the region and how that impacted operating rates of our tollers ability to toll convert. As we go into the cooler time of the year where we don't expect and have not seen those, obviously, now with the weather being warmer, we expect higher production rates on the tolling side plus the continued ramp up these plants as Scott referenced, that our owned plants. So, we'd expect to get into the middle of that guidance with a strong volume performance in the fourth quarter.
Aleksey Yefremov: Very helpful. Thanks. And just pretty fresh news. The Canadian government is forcing some divestments of lithium assets there. Are you potentially interested? And if not, do you have any thoughts on this development? Does it matter for lithium industry in general?
Kent Masters : Yes. I mean I don't know if we have specific thoughts on it, but we are always looking at lithium assets. We were kind of comb the planet for lithium assets. So, if they're interesting, we would be looking at them, but nothing to say on those particular assets today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets. Arun your line is now open.
Arun Viswanathan: Grate, thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the good results here. Just wanted to, I guess, maybe ask you guys to elaborate on some of the market movements you're seeing. You noted there's been some recent strong demand in EVs is moving prices higher. What's kind of the outlook as you look into the next couple of months? And could you also comment on potential elasticity impacts on EV demand, if there are any? What have you observed as far as demand trends kind of accelerating or decelerating on price increases?
Eric Norris : This is Eric. As you may know, EV sales through, I believe it's the end of September around the world are up 75%. And that's after a pretty soft part of the year -- early part of the year for China, in particular, because of the lockouts and because of supply chain challenges. The tone within the industry now on the automotive side is one of more concern about supply chain than it is about demand. And so, as the supply chain pressures ease, automotive vehicle stocks are very low. We expect to see continued strong growth through the balance of the year and well into next year as well. So, we remain bullish about those trends. Of course, the second part of your question, we continue to watch the economic impacts on purchasing behaviors. We note that in the COVID time and in other weak periods of economic weakness, EVs have been, by and large, more of a luxury item and have not seen reductions in volumes coupled with just the strong secular trend and government policies now that are reinforcing that. But we'll watch the effect of interest rates on that. A big part of the mid-to-low end of the market is actually in China. And with China is coming out of its COVID lockdowns and recovering, we're seeing strength in that sector. So, we'll continue to watch what the economy -- economic effects and higher interest rates around the world might have on demand, but we don't see any impact nor is history tell us we should expect one.
Arun Viswanathan: Okay. Great. And then just on the upstream resource side, we've been hearing reports that in some of the recently announced projects on the spodumene side may be difficult to move ahead just because of the increase in price and the capital that's required to develop those projects. Is that something that you're observing as well? And if so, what impact should that have, I guess, on spodumene and downstream hydroxide markets, if any?
Eric Norris : To clarify, you said increase in price was affecting projects. So, you're referring to the capital cost to build the facilities for such plant?
Arun Viswanathan: Yes, both. There is -- we've been hearing there's been some increase in spodumene costs, both the capital costs as well as the acquisition costs are prompting some recently announced projects to get delayed. I don't know if that's -- at least that's what we've been reading.
Eric Norris : Yes. I mean, I think certainly, the effects of inflation are having an impact on -- we see those in our own capital cost. They can have an impact on our inflation. And it's highlighted for us the importance of our scale and our global procurement strategy to drive down costs. For smaller companies, less experienced in executing capital. It could definitely have an impact. I don't know -- those are longer-term impacts than shorter term. So, we haven't seen that manifest itself yet in a change in market tone. And as we said earlier, the demand is so strong and the balance of supply and demand is such that at the moment, this would only aggravate the supply-demand issue and sustain strong prices at a market basis for lithium. So, we'll continue to watch it, but I think that's -- there might be some truth to what you're referring to that could have a long run impact.
Scott Tozier : Ultimately, it's another example of how lithium projects take time and effort and challenges to get through it. That's not an easy thing to go through.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts of Credit Suisse. John your line is now open.
John Roberts: Thank you. Will the Megaflex plant be hydroxide or carbonate or both? And will the production trainer align campaign specific types of feedstock or -- and then switch back and forth? Or will it run a continuous blend of mixed feedstocks?
Kent Masters : Yes, you're way ahead of it, John. I think it is -- will be -- it will run. It will be a blend, right? We'll blend things that come through, but it's going to be designed around Kings Mountain. And then other resources that will feed that and then the recycling. So, it's going to be quite flexible and why we're calling it the Megaflex. So, there's -- there'll be flexibility around it. But I don't -- and it's not specific. We're not designing for a particular or typically. We try and -- we design in flexibility so we can operate on multiple resources.
Eric Norris : So that's where -- John, just to add. That's for some of the know-how and the process technology advantages that we have comes into play as we design that. But to go back to the first part of your question, the initial trains were targeting hydroxide at the moment. That's how it's -- we're looking at a 50,000-ton plant, and we're looking at what we've built in China, what we built in Australia. We're taking the learnings in the best and developing that into a plan for execution here. We'll watch the carbonate market development very carefully. With the recently passed IRA, it's very possible that more LFP capacity could come into the U.S. That being -- excuse me, cathode capacity. If that's the case, there could be a justification of future trains should be carbonate. We'll have to watch that carefully.
John Roberts: Okay. And then on the newly combined bromine and lithium specialty segment, it's going to be back integrated to resource and bromine. But I assume you're going to purchase lithium from the energy storage segment? How will that transfer pricing be handled?
Scott Tozier : Yes, John, we're still working through that. Likely, it will come through at cost, but we haven't sorted through all the details yet. So, we'll let us share that in our January meeting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Vincent your line is now open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, good morning every one. Are you still looking to potentially change your relationship with Mineral Resources or the JV terms? And could you also provide an update on the Wodgina restart? And do you think that as debottlenecking opportunities or potential to operate sort of above prior nameplate?
Kent Masters : Okay. So, first question about the JV. So, we continue to talk and look at opportunities to kind of optimize that between the two of us. So those are ongoing discussions. And if we get to something that's different, we'll finalize that. We'll tell the market as soon as that information is available. Wodgina is operating. It's up and operating and the -- there are debottlenecking opportunities and additional trains that are potential, but it is up and operating today on two trains, I believe. And then we have -- and we're talking about starting -- we're talking about a third train, but it's -- there are two trains today, and they are operating.
Vincent Andrews: What would be -- what's prohibiting you from going forward with the third train?
Kent Masters : Well, we need to -- we have designs of it, and we need to be able to have conversion capacity for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners. Kevin your line is now open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Now that you've had a few months to digest it, would you comment on what the economic impact of the IRA would be on Albemarle in terms of direct and indirect influences. And do you think it will influence how you allocate capital beyond the Megaflex project?
Kent Masters : So, has it been a couple of months? That's -- but it will -- I don't know that it directly impacts our economics, but it's changed the market a bit. I mean there's more requirement for local supply in the U.S. and then supply from countries with free trade agreements with the U.S. And actually, it works out, we're well positioned for that, and we had planned to have -- we were planning the Kings Mountain facility and conversion in the U.S., but that is accelerating that, I would say, trying to go as fast as we can. We did have plans already on the books before that happened, and this just kind of makes it more critical. So, I know -- now that you translate it specifically into our P&L, but it does drive demand toward North America and to localize supply to as much as possible, and I think it will accelerate EV demand in North America.
Scott Tozier : Yes. Beyond the effects, Kevin, of the incentives -- on the consumer incentives that are being put in place, there's a manufacturing tax credit that we will be able to benefit from. We're not exactly sure how it's going to work yet because the regulations haven't been put out. But it's a 10% of manufacturing cost for battery materials. So, for us, that's probably in the $10 million range on a full facility. And then the other aspect is the minimum income tax or what some people are calling the new AMT. Again, that wouldn't affect us immediately, but a minimum tax of 15% potentially could affect us in the future.
Eric Norris : And finally, Kevin, that's immediate topic you asked, I'll just add that it has an impact on purchasing behaviors. We're seeing a real not surprising interest for those who have U.S. based production to preferentially put a premium in their view on sourcing from free trade countries or from the U.S. itself. So, we'll be carefully sort of segmenting our customer base and looking at how we create the right value for ourselves and for our customers in terms of how we go to market and bring that and price that product in the marketplace.
Kevin McCarthy: So, that's really helpful. I appreciate the color and then as a follow-up, Scott, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that lithium prices on a realized basis could rise at a double-digit pace in 2023. Can you elaborate on that? What are you assuming in terms of market pricing vis-a-vis the uptick that you referenced in October? Maybe you could just kind of talk about where we're tracking in terms of low double digits or substantially higher than that and what you're baking in?
Scott Tozier : Yes. So, when I said that it's really based off of market indices that are where they are today, so there's really two big effects happening as we go into next year. One is just the annualization of what we experienced in 2022. And then the second is we continue -- Eric and his team continue to work on those fixed price contracts and convert those to the index reference variable contracts. So that's going to have a benefit for us as well. And while we haven't provided specific guidance, the kind of ranges we are talking about are kind of healthy double-digit price increases next year. So again, contributing to what we're expecting to be another strong year of growth from Lithium. And we're seeing it from all three of our businesses, to be honest, even in the face of potential slowdowns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Spector from UBS. Josh your line is now open.
Josh Spector: Thanks, take my question. So just on the lithium contracts and some comments you made earlier. So your index references contracts used to be labeled a three to six-month lag. Now they're about three months. You talked about moving more fixed price over to those types of contracts. I guess the duration continues to get a bit shorter. I'm just wondering, should we expect that duration to approach less than three months, say, one month at some point in the future? Or is three months’ kind of the right range that you're finding customers want to two and four?
Eric Norris : Josh, I mean, I would think of it this way, first of all, to answer your question, three months is what we expect going forward as the lag. And that's a product of moving from a fixed contract with reopeners that are -- that had been up to six months to a full index where it's looking back three months on a rolling basis. So that is -- that's the standard of the term we're taking into the marketplace, and it's allowing us to benefit from rising prices while dampening the impact to the customer. So that's how we -- that's the strategy and how we plan to drive the portfolio going forward. And as Scott pointed out, we do expect some of the fix in that category of 20% that's on our contract slide to come down as we go into next year as well.
Josh Spector: Okay, thanks. And just on the DOE grant that you guys received. Is there a potential for you guys to receive more than one of those? I don't know if there's a limit per company or something else we could consider about additional support if you were to build additional facilities in the U.S.?
Kent Masters : Yes. So that was a particular program. So, we wouldn't expect to get anything additional out of that. There was a process we went through and applications. We got that particular grant. So, if there are other programs, we could do that. But under this existing program, that was it.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. David your line is now open.
David Begleiter : Thank you, good morning. Eric, just on Kemerton I and Kemerton II, what are you expecting for production output next year from these two units?
Eric Norris : Look, I think -- well, certainly, when we get into our January investor outlook for '23 and beyond, get into more details. But in the meantime, I apply the same rule of thumb we've applied all along, which is it takes up to two years to fully ramp to nameplate capacity. And you would expect that ramp to start with upon commissioning a six-month lag for qualification of the customer base. And in the first 12 months, getting to about half or slightly thereabouts of the capacity of any one of those plants. So -- we are -- just to put that into practical terms, we are now expect to sample for qualification Kemerton I this quarter, and we'd hope to early or during the first half of next year begin sampling for the second train and then you can apply those rules of thumbs I just outlined.
David Begleiter : Very helpful. And just on the recent spike in Chinese spot prices, how sustainable do you think this is over the next few months? And thoughts on the spot prices for next year?
Eric Norris : I don't -- it's very hard. I can only tell you, I think that the uptick of late has been a recovery in the market in China, in particular, from a demand perspective. And that has caused prices to -- they modulate -- moderated rather a bit in the middle part of the year and to come back up again. Where they go from here, David, hard to say. What we do know is as we look into next year, we still see a tight undersupplied market. So, the dynamics are going to be favorable for strong prices. What that means for a point estimate of Chinese spot prices is a tough one to come up with.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum from Cowen. David your line is now open.
David Deckelbaum: Good morning. Thanks, take my question. I wanted to just talk about IRA compliance. You highlighted, obviously, the fact that you have active production and conversion and free trade agreement countries. I just wanted to confirm whether it's your view that would you be selling qualifying materials from Kemerton or La Negra into the United States? Or would Kemerton be feeding U.S. customers? Or is that predominantly going to be feeding the Chinese market?
Eric Norris : So, actually answer is different by plant. If you start first with hydroxide and Kemerton, the intent for Kemerton, ever since it was built, long before IRA, long before recent geopolitical concerns was to supply a broad global market and to leverage the China assets we have for a China market. And as geopolitical circumstances have changed and things like the IRA have come along, as Kent said earlier, we're really moving towards a country-per-country or region-per-region-based strategy. So, China for China, Australia would feed Asia and Europe and North America in that regard. And that we believe that to be the efficient route to go. If you look at carbonate, carbonate is a little different. The majority of the carbonate market today is China. And we don't have carbonate assets currently within China. So, a large purchase, chunk of what we make, a large percentage of what we manufacture at Chile goes into China, as the RA develops -- as demand develops in the U.S. and Europe, and I have to say, develops because it's still very, very small. That could change that dynamic, driving the need for us to try to get more out of Chile or other carbonate sources as we go forward.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate the color there. Perhaps my follow-up, there's a lot to ask here. But with the January update on your '23 outlook in the context of some of the U.S. expansion, the Megaflex site, Kings Mountain, you highlighted, I think before, Kent, that you'd aim to have these perhaps online in '27. Is that specific to just the Megaflex site? Or would that include Kings Mountain as well? And do you expect to have a capital program for those assets envisioned in 2023, perhaps even in January with this announcement and start beginning the permitting process next year?
Kent Masters : Yes. So, I mean we'll have capital. We'll definitely have capital in the '23 plan around those facilities. And the date, the '27 date is mine and conversion optimistically. It all depends on the permitting process and the schedule, but that's the thinking.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Joel your line is now open.
Joel Jackson: Good morning. You obviously have some visibility now in the types of prices you're getting January, February into Q1 obviously. Can you give us a sense of it -- are February pricing coming in better than January, January price is coming better in December on a realized basis on average?
Scott Tozier : Well, I mean, Joel, I'd say where the indices are today, that you'd have to say that they're better than what they were a quarter ago. However, recognize that there's room for movement either up or down from that depending on how those indices move.
Joel Jackson: Okay. You made a comment earlier in the call, I think that if spot pricing stayed the same, that 2023 pricing would be up double digits. I think you said that. What would spot prices -- it's a very high-level question. Maybe you can just give us some color. What would spot price have to do across 2023 for your realized price in '23 to be about equal to '22? It seemed like a linear decline, just a hypothetical scenario. What would that imply in that scenario to get -- where would you need to get to flat pricing in '23 versus '22?
Scott Tozier : I got to think through the math there because there are a lot of different contracts with different caps on them that we've got an account. I don't know, Eric, have you got a gut feel for it or I have to get back to Joel.
Eric Norris : We may get back to you, Joel. But the factors are that, obviously, we've been moving all year long, this year, in 2022 in price. And that's been part of our growth. That's been part of our strategy. That's been part of what's driven some of the upsides to expectations along the way. We'll do a small amount of that to move to -- from fixed to variable next year, but the bulk of that is complete. But what happened during the year, if you just annual -- if you just take where we are now and annualize it in the next year, you've got a big increase. That, I think, is Scott's point. So, you'd have to see decreases that are pretty significant to draw that average down versus 2022. We'd have to do some modeling to see if we can give you better guidance than that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Parkinson from Mizuho. Christopher your line is now open.
Christopher Parkinson: Great, thank you so very much. Got two fairly simple one’s for you today. The first, just any quick update on your preliminary thoughts on a China EV subsidy in '23 and onwards?
Scott Tozier : I'm sorry I missed...
Eric Norris : Oh, right. Yes. Well, I don't know that our crystal ball is any better than anybody else's. I mean China has been easing its subsidies of late, and that has not dampened demand. Demand is up over -- sales are up over 100% year-on-year and then now accelerating in the back half of the year. I don't know that they need to accelerate but then they certainly have a lot of capacity in country that could serve that from a battery and cathode standpoint. Hard to say what industrial policy will be, sorry.
Christopher Parkinson: Your crystal ball is better than mine, for what it's worth. And then second question, just in the recent acquisitions in China, is that product already spec-ed in? Or what's the plan to have that spec-ed in with customers? Thank you.
Kent Masters : You mean qualified, you mean? Yes. So, we've been actually tolling through the facility. So, the acquisition took us a little longer to get some of the approvals than we anticipated. So, we sold our spodumene through it. So, we've qualified that product already.
Operator: Thank you. That's all the time we have for Q&A. So, I'll hand back to Kent Masters for any further remarks.
Kent Masters : Okay. Thank you, Alex, and thank you all again for your participation on our call today.  Albemarle is a global market leader with a strong track record of financial and operational performance. We have a clear strategy to accelerate profitable growth, and we play an essential role in meeting the world's sustainability challenges. We are proud of what we have accomplished, and I am personally thankful for our outstanding employees as we reshape our business for even greater success going forward. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone, and welcome to the Q2 2022 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Nadia, and I'll be moderating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I’ll now hand it over to your host Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability to begin. Meredith, please go ahead. .
Meredith Bandy: Thank you, Nadia. And welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of market yesterday, and you'll find the press release and earnings presentation posted to our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President of Catalyst; Netha Johnson, President of Bromine; and Eric Norris, President of Lithium are also available for Q&A.. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including our outlook, guidance, expected company performance, and timing of the expansion projects may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our earnings presentation. And now I'll turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters : Thanks Meredith. Thank you all for joining us today. On today’s call I’ll highlight our second quarter results and achievements. Scott will provide details on our financial results, outlook, balance sheet and capital allocation. I’ll then close our prepared remarks with an update on our operating model and strategic growth projects aimed at further strengthening our long-term financial performance and sustainable competitive advantages. Albemarle’s leadership position in Lithium and Bromine, coupled with our team’s ability to execute to the current inflationary environment led to another led to another quarter of strong results. In the second quarter, we generated net sales of $1.5 billion nearly double the prior year. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA of $610 million was over three times the prior year. Continuing the trend of EBITDA significantly outpacing sales growth. The supply demand balances remain tight in the markets we serve. Strong market prices and our continued success in contract renegotiation drove the tremendous strength we're experiencing in our lithium business. As a result, we are again raising our 2022 outlook and now expect to be free cash flow positive for the year. Scott will review the key elements of that outlook later on in the call. We are also successfully executing our growth strategy. Our Kemerton I lithium conversion plant in Western Australia achieved first product in July. I want to especially congratulate our teams in Western Australia for their hard work and dedication and achieving this goal. And lastly, we made a major announcement regarding plans to build an integrated lithium mega site in the United States. This will support our western expansion and the development of the battery material supply chain in North America. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott to walk through our financials.
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Kent. And good morning, everyone. I'll begin on slide 5. During the quarter, we generated net sales of approximately $1.5 billion, a year-over-year increase of 91%. This is due primarily to increased momentum in our pricing efforts as well as higher volumes driven by strong demand across our diverse end markets, especially for our lithium and bromine businesses. We saw volumes and pricing grow in all three of our businesses. For the second quarter, net income attributable to Albemarle was $407 million, compared to $425 million in the prior year. As a reminder, the year ago, quarterly results included a onetime benefit of $332 million related to the sale of Fine Chemistry Services. EPS for the second quarter was $3.46, a year-over-year improvement of 300%, excluding the onetime benefit of the FCS sale. This overall performance was driven by strong net sales and margin improvement, partially offset by the ongoing inflationary pressures we are feeling across all three businesses. Turning to slide 6, second quarter adjusted EBITDA was $610 million, up 214% year-over-year. The primary driver the strong growth was higher lithium EBITDA. Lithium was up nearly $400 million compared to the prior year, driven by momentum in our contracting efforts and overall higher market prices. That's an increase of 350%. In fact, lithium second quarter EBITDA was greater than the EBITDA it generated in the full year of 2021. Bromine was also favorable year-over-year up nearly 50%, reflecting higher pricing driven by tight market conditions and an uptick in volumes, partially offset by raw material and freight inflation. Catalysts was negative in the quarter as higher sales volumes and pricing were more than offset by cost pressures, particularly for natural gas in Europe and raw materials. And finally, we also experienced an overall FX headwind of $14 million for the total company. Moving to slide 7, we are further increase in our 2022 outlook from our last announcement in late May, primarily to reflect the expected continued strength in execution in our lithium business and further improvements in bromine. We now expect 2022 total company net sales to be in the range of $7.1 billion to $7.5 billion, up about 115% to 125% versus last year. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be between $3.2 billion and $3.5 billion, reflecting a year-over-year improvement of up to 300%. This implies EBITDA margins are expected to improve significantly to a range of 45% to 47% for the total company. Together, this translates to updated 2022 adjusted EPS guidance in the range of $19.25 to $22.25. That is about five times more than 2021. Additionally, we're increasing our net cash from operations guidance to a range of $1.4 billion to $1.7 billion. Driven by our updated sales and margin expectations. We are maintaining guidance for capital expenditures of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion as we drive our lithium investments forward to meet increased customer demand. Together, the midpoint of our guidance implies approximately $150 million in positive free cash flow for the full year. And further if you assume our realized pricing remains relatively flat next year, we expect to continue to generate positive free cash flow in 2023 even with continued growth investments. Security supply remains the number one priority for our customers, and we are continuing to partner and work closely with them. We are pushing hard to meet those accelerating customer growth requirements. Regarding the quarterly progression of sales and EBITDA, on our last call, we indicated that we expect results to be relatively evenly split among quarters. Given the underlying strength across our portfolio, and continued momentum in our contracting efforts, we now expect second half adjusted EBITDA to be roughly 120% higher relative to the first half. Turning to the next slide for more detail on our outlook by segment. Our lithium businesses full year 2022 EBITDA is expected to be up more than 500% year-over-year, up from the previous outlook for growth of approximately 300%. The improved outlook reflects renegotiations of pricing on legacy fixed price contracts, and continued strong market pricing flowing through our index referenced variable price contracts. We now expect our average realized selling price to be up more than 225% to 250% year-over-year. This is the result of our successful efforts to renegotiate legacy contracts and implement more index referenced variable price contracts, as well as a significant increase in index prices. From the beginning of the year to today, indices are up 60% to 130%. And note that our outlook assumes Albemarle’s expected Q3 realized selling price remains constant into the fourth quarter. There's no change to our lithium volume outlook for the year. We continue to expect year-over-year volume growth in the range of 20% to 30% as we bring on new conversion assets, plus some additional tolling. There's potential upside to our outlook if market prices remain near current levels, or with additional contract renegotiations or additional tolling volumes. And conversely, there's potential downside with material, the clients and market pricing or volume shortfalls. For bromine, we are also raising our full year 2022 EBITDA expectations with year-over-year improvement in the range of 25% to 30% compared to the prior outlook of 15% to 20%. This revised guidance reflects continued strong demand and pricing from end markets such as fire safety solutions, and oilfield services. Plus other macro trends such as digitalization and electrification. We expect higher volumes of 5% to 10% following our successful execution of growth projects last year. For catalysts, full year 2022 EBITDA is expected to be down 25% to 65% year-over-year. This is below our prior outlook due to significant cost pressures, primarily related to natural gas in Europe, certain raw materials, as well as freight, partially offset by higher sales volumes and pricing. The large outlook range for Catalysts reflects increased volatility, and a lack of visibility particularly related to the war in Ukraine. Given the extraordinary circumstances and the resulting changes in oil and gas markets, the business continues to aggressively see costs pass-through, particularly for higher natural gas costs. The strategic review of the catalysts’ business is ongoing, but it is taking longer than we anticipated. As soon as we have any news, we will provide an update. Turning to slide 9 for an update on our lithium pricing and contracts. This slide reflects the expected split of our 2022 lithium revenues. Battery grade revenues are now expected to make up approximately 85% compared to 70% to 80% in our prior guidance, due to successful contract negotiations, and higher market indices. Of the total battery grade revenues, 15% is expected to be from short term spot purchase orders. 65% is expected to be from index reference variable price contracts. Pricing on these contracts generally reset with a three month lag and a number of these contracts do have floors and ceilings in place. The remaining 20% comes from Legacy fixed contracts with price reopener normally every 6 or 12 months. And since we last updated the outlook in late May, we have successfully repriced a portion of these contracts to better reflect the current market price environment. This segmented approach to contracting gives more flexibility for our customers, while allowing Albemarle to preserve upside and ensure returns on our growth investments. Our operations and project teams are also delivering volumetric growth. Slide 10 shows the expected lithium sales volumes including technical grade spodumene and tolling sales. In 2022, we expect volumes to improve 20% to 30% year-over-year. This growth is largely driven by our expansions at La Negra and Kemerton, the acquisition of Qinzhou as well as some additional tolling volumes. Looking forward, we expect volumes to grow approximately 20% per year from 2022 to 2025, driven primarily by the ramp up of new conversion assets. We see room for further upside from additional conversion assets such as our Greenfield in Meishan or additional tolling volumes. Turning to slide 11, our strong net cash from operations and solid balance sheet give us ample financial flexibility to execute our growth strategy. Our balance sheet is in great shape with $931 million of cash and available liquidity of $2.6 billion. Current net debt to adjusted EBITDA is approximately 1.7x with rising EBITDA from higher pricing and volumes, we expect leverage to trend lower in the near term. This will -- this gives us plenty of capacity to accelerate our growth investments or value creating M&A. During the second quarter, we extended our debt maturity profile through a public offering of senior notes, proceeds total approximately $1.7 billion, a portion of which was used to redeem senior notes maturing in 2024. 92% of our debt position is at a fixed rate, which buffers us against the impacts of rising interest rate environment. Before I turn the call back over to Kent, I wanted to briefly review our capital allocation priorities and our ability to adapt to market changes while building durable capacities to support growth. Our capital allocation priorities are unchanged, we remain committed to strategically grow our lithium and bromine capacity in a disciplined manner. Capacity growth will also be supported in organically by continuously assessing our portfolio and pursuing bolt-on acquisitions at attractive returns to strengthen our top tier resource base. A perfect example of this strategy is the $200 million Zhangjiagang’s acquisition that is expected to close in the second half of the year. Maintaining financial flexibility and shareholder returns are also key capital allocation priorities. We remain committed to maintaining an investment grade rating and a strong balance sheet to provide significant optionality to fund future growth. Finally, we also plan to continue to support our dividend. We are laser focused on the durability of our business. The management team and the board regularly review our capital allocation priorities and have identified levers we can pull to quickly adapt to changing market conditions if needed. These include slowing non growth CaPex, reducing discretionary spending and hiring, shifting production volumes to highest demand markets, and accelerating partnering and tolling arrangements to support cash generation. Additionally, a downturn may allow us to take advantage of lower priced acquisitions, capitalizing on the strength of our balance sheet. In summary, we believe Albemarle’s ability to maintain a focus on growth through all market conditions is strong, thanks to our operating model that Kent is going to discuss next.
Kent Masters : Thanks, Scott. So let's turn to slide 13 to discuss our cost structure, and how we are managing inflation. Our vertical integration and access to low cost resources for lithium and bromine allow us to avoid the worst impacts of inflation and control our cost structure. For example, while approximately 45% of our costs come from raw materials and services, actually 20% of those costs relate to our own spodumene. The implementation of our operating model the Albemarle way of excellence, it’s also helping manage costs. In 2020, we identified our supply chain as a key area for improvement. At that time, we reorganized to form a global supply chain function and implemented a new Enhanced Procurement strategy that team's efforts are now paying dividends. Last year, our procurement team set a target to achieve $90 million in value creation by 2022 year end, we are on track to meet or exceed that target by about 40%. About half this from cost savings with lower year-over-year cost. And about half is from cost avoidance, where procurement efficiencies have allowed us to realize below market increases. An example of cost savings includes logistics efficiencies, minimizing material handling, maximizing equipment capacity and shortening haul routes. Cost avoidance includes using fewer suppliers and pooling buying for key raw materials and services to offset inflation. And other cases, we've shortened supply chains to improve resilience and reduce total cost. This success is driven by diverse teams, including supply chain, procurement and production scheduling. Thanks to everyone across the enterprise and around the globe, it took commitment from every individual to make this happen. Our operating model is also focused on building the structure, capabilities, discipline and design approach to enable faster capacity growth. As a leading lithium producer, Albemarle is investing in lithium production around the world, including China, Australia and the Americas. This year, we plan to deliver projects that more than double our annual capacity from 85,000 tons to 200,000 tons by year end. We are also progressing a portfolio of projects that can grow our conversion capacity to as much as 500,000 tons per year on a 100% bases. As you can see, the near term projects are largely in the Asia Pacific region. Longer term, we expect to transition to a more localized supply chain in North America and Europe. Turning to slide 15, our capacity additions in Australia and Asia significantly enhance our ability to leverage our low cost resource base. In terms of lithium conversion capacity, we've made progress on the regulatory approvals for the acquisition of the Qinzhou conversion facility. We continue to expect that acquisition to close in the second half of 2022. In the meantime, we continue to toll spodumene through this facility. As I mentioned earlier, Kemerton I has achieved first product. This important milestone signifies that the manufacturing processes and equipment can meet the project's design objectives. Our focus now is on qualifying our product with our customers. At our China Greenfield expansions, construction of a 50,000 ton per year lithium hydroxide conversion plant it Meishan is well underway. Importantly, with our ownership stakes at the Wodgina and Greenbushes lithium mines, we already have access to low cost spodumene to feed these conversion facilities. The restart of the Wodgina lithium mine by our JV partner Mineral Resources is going well. We continue to negotiate agreements to expand and restructure the MARBL joint venture and we'll update you when we have more information. We also have a 49% stake at Greenbushes. One of the best lithium resources in the world. The Talison joint venture is ramping up chemical-grade plant two or CGP2 and has approved construction of CGP3, which is broken ground. Our intention is to ramp up lithium resources in advance of conversion assets. In which case in the near term, we could be net long spodumene. If that's the case, we will elect to toll spodumene or sales spodumene into the market. If it's economical to do so, and if it allows us to bridge until new conversion assets ramp up. Albemarle is the leading global lithium producer with a significant US presence and access to some of the world's best resources. As such, we are well positioned to establish world class production of battery grade lithium that enables the localization of the battery supply chain in North America. This would offer important benefits to us based automotive OEMs seeking a de-risked local supply chain, more reliable logistics and a reduced carbon footprint. We plan to leverage our Kings Mountain lithium mine, a top tier resource and build a multi train conversion site in the southeast. This site would be capable of handling mineral resources from Kings Mountain, as well as recycled feedstock. This mega flex site would leverage Albemarle’s best-in-class know-how to design, build and commission both resource and conversion assets. This creates significant competitive advantages for Albemarle and its customers, while also addressing the need for localized lithium supply to support growing demand in North America. In closing on slide 17, we expect to achieve significant growth milestones this year, thanks to strong end market demand, as well as actions that we've taken to invest in profitable growth for lithium and bromine. Those investments are now paying off as we ramp up volumetric growth. To maintain our financial flexibility to fund growth through cash and our balance sheet, and to leverage our operating model to manage cost and execute our growth projects. So this concludes our prepared remarks. Now, I'll ask Nadia to open the question, open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from PJ Juvekar of Citi.
PJ Juvekar: Yes, good morning. Kent, your volume growth has been very impressive. Can you discuss your key steps you're taking at Kings Mountain in terms of building the mega site? What environmental permits do you need? Are you engaging with the community today? And the same question on Silver Peak? When you expand that what kind of production ramp up can you see?
Kent Masters : Right, so the two sides are slightly different scale. And so Kings Mountain is significant site, Silver Peak is smaller, but still the expansion is important. I mean, that is the only we're kind of lithium sourced in the US today. But at Kings Mountain, we're early in that process. We're still in pre-feasibility. So we've got to do permitting. But we have done a lot of work already. We've done all of the drilling necessary, well, we continue to do some of the drilling to make to understand the resource at Kings Mountain. But we still got to do permitting, we've engaged with the community. We've been doing community meetings for almost six months now maybe not quite six months early in the year that we started that process with public meetings, we've opened an office in the town so people can come in and ask questions. So we really engaged with the community early on. And we're working on the permitting processes that we have to go through but it's in pre- feasibility study. We feel confident we'll be able to get there at Kings Mountain, but there's a lot of work to do, including all the permitting.
PJ Juvekar: Great, and then you have a strong balance sheet. You have been free cash flow positive this year. You talked about M&A. Can you give us some idea of what you would potentially be looking at? Would you look at technologies like DLE? Or what geographies would you look at? Thank you.
Kent Masters : Yes, well, I think it's what we've really always talked about from an M&A standpoint. So we seeking virgin assets that we think are attractive so we would do that consider as a bolt-on technologies if we see technology to help us so direct lithium extraction, could be part of that. And then resources. So we continue. We're good on resources pretty close to the end of the decade. But we need to be planning now to build out our resource base past that. So I think those are the three primary categories.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Parkinson of Mizuho.
Christopher Parkinson: Great, thank you so much for taking my question. Just turning to slide 18. The third and the fourth point, can you just give us a quick update on terms of some of the contracts negotiations on additional tolling, I mean, on the former, what percent are still up for renewal, that have essentially given you the momentum to raise guidance twice in the last quarter and a half or so. Just any color you could offer that would be very helpful. Thank you.
Eric Norris: Good morning, Chris. It's Eric here. So what we've been able to do, just to recap this year is we've been able to renegotiate contracts that have opportunities for reopener or with customers who are seeking additional line commitments in the out years. And in order to entertain those discussions we've opened up, have been able to ask for higher prices on legacy contracts. We don't have any contracts that are expiring anytime soon. Most of our book of businesses is committed, we're very tight in the next year or two as we anticipate bringing on new capacity from some of the projects I can't describe. But that doesn't mean we won't have opportunities, there might be still some contracts that shift, the big thing that's happened in the past year has been the movement to know having two thirds under our index reference variable price, whereas the foremost that was fixed. Now our movement is going to be very much driven by market prices and some potential changes on the margins, but few contracts, or potentially, if prices remain where they are some resets on some of the fixed prices, contracts.
Christopher Parkinson: Got it. And just a quick follow up just you've also seen OEMs make a very conscientious effort and yes been a little bit more decisive and attempting to lock-in incremental supply through, let's say, the middle in the balance of the decade. I mean, has that been fully reflected in your negotiations in terms of just what you're willing to commit to them? And as we progress over the next year or two, it seems like there's still a bit of a bottleneck in terms of the OEMs versus what's available in lithium in terms of better grade hydroxide. What else are you willing to do to help facilitate the growth plans? And how should we think about that, just from a broader market perspective you versus some of your peers. Thank you.
Kent Masters : We're working with our customers. And we're being very aggressive about adding capacity. So I think you see that in our investment plans, and they're coming through now. And we get better at that. So the period, when those come on, we're able, we believe we're able to execute better from a conversion. We're good on resource for a number of years. But we still need to add that. And we work with the customers to do kind of unique arrangements. We're having conversations with those but with our customers about those, but they have to work for us. And we're working towards some arrangement like that. So and they may or may not come to pass. I am not again say that because those are conversations and discussions that we're having. But we're in those discussions. And we're committed to build capacity to serve the customer base over the long term.
Scott Tozier: Yes, I think what's also unique, Chris, just to add is that we are speaking with OEMs, and battery companies on three different continents. Out in the out years, as you saw on the charts, we're looking towards Europe. So that's the further south, where we are established well now is in Asia. And where we've announced next we're headed is North America. And we've got the resource bases can't describe to be able to do that. So between that localization, which is very important to these OEMs and battery producers, the sustainability and principles in which we operate. And then some of the new technology areas we're focused in for next generation technology. The partnerships we strike are going to look -- are going to be at par with one of those dimensions. And we're not in a position where we need to raise capital. So we can look at and have been discussing with various producers, various OEMs, upfront and potentially forms of investment. But that's not a requirement for us. We don't need that capital. It would only be something we do as part of a broader deal to advance our strategic agenda and help our customers win in the market.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Question for Eric. Eric, just on your slide 9, can you talk about the difference of pricing between the index reference contracts and the spot pricing in Q2. Another compare versus Q1.
Eric Norris: I'm sorry, David, just to make sure I understand your question. You're wondering how they compare now the prices versus back in Q2. Sorry to ask --
David Begleiter: The price difference between index referencing stock prices in Q2 versus a differential in Q1?
Eric Norris: Oh, okay. I'm sorry, we don't give enough detail and disclose that. But I will say that you know spot prices you would know by looking at indices are, they vary, but currently in the low 60s, and in China, they're actually some of the -- some contracts in outside of China are even higher now at $70. We are not there yet on our index pricing, which is one of the reasons our guidance and prices stay where they are, we could continue to have a rising mix, increase in our variable based contracts.
David Begleiter: Understood. And just on the southeast project, can you give now any cost or timing indications for their project?
Eric Norris: David, we have not given out any costs yet, since it's really prefeasibility. So timing wise, it's going to be later in the decade when that would come online, clearly, it needs to have a feedstock. With a mine, that's probably the long pole in the tent.
Operator: And the next question goes to Josh Specter of UBS.
James Cannon: Yes, hey, guys, this is James Cannon on for Josh. Just wondering why it seems like the sale dropped through the EBITDA this earnings upgrade is much higher than the last updates to the year. Can you give any color as to why that is? And similarly on SCF? Has anything in the underlying business change to improve that?
Scott Tozier: Yes, James, I think that the big difference is this upgrade has been purely driven by price. So you're seeing that drop through. And we're not seeing the same impact from spodumene which was a drag. So the spodumene price increases was a drag on our earnings in the last guidance. As you look at free cash flow, we continue to see improvements. They're driven by the growth in EBITDA and we're because of some of the tolling efforts that we're doing, we're actually absorbing some of the inventory that we didn't have before. So seeing a better working capital profile as a result.
Operator: And our next question goes to Colin Rusch of Oppenheimer.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much. Can you just talk a little bit about the ramp up in Kemerton and any surprises you're seeing at this point, any concerns around labor or any equipment that you're concerned about here as we start moving forward.
Kent Masters : Yes, so I mean, look, where we've just -- we made first product last month, and we're just starting to ramp up. So I think the key thing for us, when we were able to make product and are comfortable with the quality, it means that our process chemistry is right and so there are no surprises really around the kind of core process chemistry around that. So that was a big milestone, that's kind of the first big hurdle that you want to clear. And then now it's just getting everything run at scale, and get purities up to the, to our specifications. So as you kind of run in a new plant, we continuously see that the spec on battery grade material is very high. And so it just takes a little bit of time to get to that and it takes volume to do that. So it's just about ramping up. We feel very good about the process chemistry and that we that the plant will be a good operating plant. It's just that we need a little bit of time to ramp it up and get to those purities we need and then we have to go through the qualification process with our customers. So that's on the doubt. That's on the first train second train is still on schedule that we've indicated in the past and the learnings we had on train one we've stumbled a bit on train one with issues and getting it there. We think, we -- as we saw those we've rectified that for train two. There are still labor issues in Western Australia but I think we're through the worst of that, because we're past most of the big construction elements of it. So now we're into commissioning on one and just finishing up construction on two. There's still labor issues in the operating facility to some degree, but that's kind of business as usual in Western Australia, I would say.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much. And then on the North America, potential expansion, can you just talk about philosophically how you're thinking about contracting that out. Is that something where you would think about taking in prepayments to lock-in volumes of customers? How far down the road, are you in terms of the thought process and the discussions on off tech for that facility?
Kent Masters : Well, we're having discussions with people, but we're not, I would say, we're not very far down there. We're not locked anything in and we have some ideas around some unique models. And we're having conversations with people about that.
Operator: And our next question goes to Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Kent, I think when you discuss the mega project, you indicated an ability to take recycled feedstock, I just was curious. One just for that mega project, how much of a contributor you thought that would be. And whether your customers are telling or indicating that obviously, maybe more in the out years, and anytime soon, they would like to have some percentage of recycled feedstock in the mix of lithium that they procure.
Kent Masters : Yes, so I mean it's a big part of the conversation. And it's about recycling, creating a recycle loop through the system. It is the years out, but we have to design it in. And so we think we can build the -- we'll build it in phases, but that ultimately will operate a recycled facility, the lower volumes at time, but we'll have time to ramp that up and really learn how to use that optimize that. And that would kind of be our facility that we would learn off as well. So it's part of we're trying to think ahead and design that and design that into a facility so we get scale with the other operating facilities and have the benefit of having an operating plant next door.
Operator: And the next question goes to Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners.
Cory Murphy: Hi, good morning. This Cory on for Kevin. Going back to slide 9 with the contract breakdown in lithium, I am curious versus last quarter, you have more index referenced variable price contracts, right? 65% versus 50%. And the fixed contract pieces down to 20% from 30% of your battery grade revenues. Do you have a number in mind for how low you can go on in terms of heading fix contracts? Are you trying to get to all index reference price contracts?
Kent Masters : Yes, so I think I mean, we've talked about this for a while. And we've always said we're not sure where this ends up, it is a little bit about how our customers want to contract and then the direction that we're trying to go. So what you're seeing in that is just how the math is evolving. So we've had -- we've upgraded, we've changed contract from those fixed. But remember, the fixed prices adjust over time, so they are not really fixed. And we're trying to shorten that period that we as they adjust. So I'm not -- I don't really want to call the mix. I mean, we had one time said we thought it might be a third, a third, a third between those categories. And it's turned out to be quite different. We do want to have some in the spot category that gives us flexibility. But I don't know, it's hard to say where it goes. We're not necessarily absolutely driving it to that variable price. But we kind of liked that model where it's index referenced and variable. And I think our customers are getting comfortable with it as well.
Scott Tozier: The other moving piece that as you look at that chart between different presentations is of course, where the market indices are. And so that can drive some mix shifts in those percentages, as you go forward.
Cory Murphy: Got it. And then I guess to stick with that slide similar question in terms of change quarter- over-quarter, last quarter you mentioned product offering, this quarter you mentioned the partnership offering and in the context of one of your competitors receiving a large upfront payment for future capacity. Have you approached anybody about similar upfront payments for future lithium capacity? Or maybe you could talk sort of the philosophical approach to how you want to contract future volumes. Thanks.
Kent Masters : Well, I think we've migrated our philosophy around pricing contract over time. And we talked about that quite a bit not that's coming to fruition. They are unique models we've been having. We've had discussions for years with people about prepayments and investments and things like that. We've not done that yet. It's not that we're opposed to it. That has to fit in our philosophy, and it has to work for us. And that -- and it's probably more relevant a few years ago, when we needed more cash for our investments and tool. It's less important for us today. But we're still open for those investments, but we consider them strategic as part of a relationship and not just because we need to cash.
Operator: And the next question goes to Alex Yefremov of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Alex Yefremov: Thank you and good morning, everyone. As you resign these lithium contracts, what's your philosophy towards the floor and the ceiling in those contracts? Are you widening that range? Are you narrowing it? Is it kind of staying the same versus what you held in general last year?
Kent Masters : Yes, well, I would. I mean, it's a philosophy, but they are widening and going up. So there, it is definitely not narrowing so widening. And they're moving up. I guess that's our philosophy.
Alex Yefremov: I guess that I should assume that the floor is also moving up. Is it fair?
Kent Masters : Absolutely.
Alex Yefremov: And as a follow up question on Wodgina, is the restart contributing in any meaningful way to your second half results this year? Or is it mostly 2023? And thereafter story?
Kent Masters : So they'll probably be some volume coming through Wodgina in the second half, but it's not, I don't think it is material. So that'll start impacting in ‘23.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Jackson of BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson: Hi, thanks, good morning. On slide 10, you gave your volume guidance, again per year. So you're going to something like 180,000 tons or something else I’ll see in ‘23? Could you maybe risk adjust that? How much of that incremental for next year is in the bag? How much maybe have to work for a bit harder and kind of get the ranges of how you get up to that number?
Kent Masters : So I think that I mean, if I understand your question from a volume standpoint, right, so there'll be -- it's ramping up at La Negra and Kemerton and some tolling volume. So it's -- we'll be producing tolling from Wodgina and ramping up at the facilities at Talison. And so it's pretty much within our control. So that's even put the risk however, you categorize each one of those, but it's probably we don't have to do anything extraordinary to get that. We have the plants that we built and now starting up, have to run and produce it volume. And then we just continue to ramp up La Negra, and we're going to have some toll volume and some of the Wodgina product before we're able to build conversion. So that that might be -- we've got -- the tolls we're using we use before. It's new product form. So there's a little bit of risk in that, but not -- it's not extraordinary.
Scott Tozier: Can I just add the other component is just the Qinzhou acquisition. So we start to close that. So it's progressing well. But again, there's potential risks but that just doesn't close.
Kent Masters : Yes, no, that's right. So that's probably the biggest -- that's probably the bigger risk in it.
Joel Jackson: Okay, then my second question would be the DoE seems to be throwing around a lot of money to battery metals to a lot of smaller companies these days, grants and loans, things like that. You could probably qualify for a bunch of this money. It's not a massive amount of money from where you guys sit, but it's probably a nice little kicker. Can you talk about that?
Kent Masters : Yes, I mean, look, it's money that's available strategically. It's in right, and we're working on that. So we're -- nothing that we can -- nothing we can announce today. But we're working on it.
Operator: The next question goes to Steve Richardson of Evercore.
Unidentified Analyst : Hello. Hi, this is Sean on for Steve. Just in terms of returning back to Wodgina and Kemerton production. Can you just please walk through how the volumes are fall into there then also in terms of Greenbushes, and how the COGS and the cost are monitoring throughout the year.
Kent Masters : So let's just I mean, Wodgina, I mean Wodgina, we are running Wodgina today, we're ramping up. But we will eventually told that we'll pull that volume until we get plants on that we can process through that. Kemerton is just it's a matter of ramping we've and we've kind of we've said historically, we bring a plant on we kind of our planning is we give it two years to run the full capacity, now we would hope to beat that. But that's kind of what we built in. That's how we build into our planning processes. And I know the other was about Talison. So that oh, that's the expansion, CGP2 is operating, and CGP3, which is the next one is we've broken ground on that. So we're ramping up. We're, CGP2, we're commissioning and ramping up, and we've just broken ground on CGP3, I think that's the right.
Scott Tozier: That's correct. CGP3 would come on and would be available on several years. And it would support some of the capacity expansions that are in one of our charts to talk about. Further China expansion comes in three, four. And then of course, as you already pointed out, Canada, the MARBL joint venture, some of those China plants, at least one would be a part of the joint venture potentially, and we would take that material.
Operator: And our next question, go to David Deckelbaum of Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: Thank you. Thanks for all for taking my questions today. Kent, I just wanted to follow up on the conversation around the mega, flex site. I believe the target was 100,000 tons per annum of conversion capacity. I just wanted to confirm whether you all felt that Kings Mountain and recycled feedstock would be enough to feed up to that capacity as a resource eventually worth it. It sounded like earlier, perhaps Eric was discussing perhaps another need for another asset to support that.
Kent Masters : Yes, so I'm thinking and again, it's prefeasibility. And it's still we're trying to make sure we understand exactly the resource at Kings Mountain. So we're doing more work on that. But we think that we could feed that mega, flex facility with Kings Mountain plus recite ultimately at steady state with recycled material that get to the scale that you're that you referenced 100,000 tons a year.
David Deckelbaum: Okay. And then I just want to follow up earlier on some of the conversations around upside volumes, it looks like in the current chart that you all, sort of are still assuming this 10,000 to 20,000 tons per annum of toll volumes, which is I guess, basically the levels that you're at in 2022. And how significant or how much available capacity is out there that you could theoretically toll into? Because I guess there's also the strategy of selling spodumene into the market, which seems like a pivot from sort of previous views that you all had, but just wondering volumetrically how much capacity upside do you think that there is in the market?
Kent Masters : So Eric can talk about the tolling, but just on spodumene, I mean, we're just being a little more flexible, that's a bridging strategy that we've not changed strategy long term about selling spodumene, we want to convert and sell to our end customers, the products that they use, the lithium salts. So if we have -- if we ramp up plants, you can't do all this perfectly right between conversion and mine. And we've decided to push the resources in advance to the mines because they have longer lead times typically. And we get them up and operating and if we've got resource available before we have conversion capacity will either toll it or we'll sell spodumene rather than let it and sale on the ground.
Eric Norris: Okay, so and to answer the question, there is no deviation from the strategy, no. Thank you.
Kent Masters : Yes. That's right.
Eric Norris: Yes, there's no deviation from the strategy, as to your question about the availability of tolling volume. There's still a healthy market of conversion capacity being built or operating in China without available spodumene to source against that. So it varies by year. And China's and a lot of these projects, it can be opaque. Sometimes you get the exact numbers. It's a big market, but it can be sometimes 60% to 70% utilized. So that implies that there's capacity out there in fact, we know this we are tolling now that's available or coming on, that we can take advantage of. But that is a bridging strategy to our own conversion assets and one would you prefer to do as opposed to selling spodumene directly into the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan of RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Yes, so I guess I just wanted to ask more high level question. So you noted that obviously your contracts have your results or guidance has some upside if market prices stay where they are, but also some downside if we do receive from these present levels? So what would it take for the market to kind of go back to prior levels, obviously, $60 to $7 is a -- as a new normal? So is it really a new normal? Do we ever go back down into the lower 20s or 30s or 40s? Is there been any demand destruction or changes to the adoption curves that you've been observing, especially as the cost of lithium rises in the battery and the vehicle?
Kent Masters : Right, so that may, look, we're not going to call the long term price, because that we don't know that. And I think it will move up and down, it's not going to just go, not going to sit where it is forever, that's probably pretty confident in saying that, it will move around over time. But we see the market being tight on lithium for pretty long period of time, and then there might be periods like periods of oversupply, and that we see that several number of years out, but then that disappears pretty quickly. Soo we model that I'm sure all of you guys model that and everybody has their own opinion on it. But prices are going to move, they're going to move around. And we're not -- we can't call it. We do know that the cost to produce to get to the volume of the market needs goes up quite a bit from what we see the cost curve today, out over time, could it move into the 20s and 30s? At some point? It absolutely could. But we still -- we see the market being tight for a pretty long period of time. [Multiple Speakers]
Scott Tozier: You had another question that had to do with cost in the vehicle and technology. I mean, as you know, lithium is a small part of the cost of the battery. But it is seen as significant, as you pointed out escalation its costs over the past year. I think the other phenomenon that's important to note is the technology phenomenon around innovation and driving out. But longer range, energy density and penetration doesn't come from lower cost raw materials, it comes from innovation and energy density and more dense materials. So that's the movement towards higher nickel. That's the movement towards more elaborate chemistries on the anode side, and maybe potentially someday solid state. So those innovations are well and continue down that experience curve notwithstanding the price of lithium, which again, is a fairly small part of the cost of the battery.
Arun Viswanathan: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe if I could just elaborate on that earlier, what you said the cost curve. Now, I guess, are you seeing most of the additions at the upper end of the cost curve outside of yourselves? And what would you kind of say is kind of a good range to think of as the cost curve, maybe the upper end? Should we just take kind of spodumene prices and use that and convert that into battery grade? Or how should we think about where the cost curve has moved to now?
Kent Masters : Well, I think, well, we're thinking -- we think about it as a longer term to get to the volumes the market needs over time. So new capacity coming on. And some of that is about the quality of the resource, where it is, the technology that you need, or even to develop in order to bring that to market. So we don't publish what our view of the cost curve. So we're not, I'm not going to talk about those particular numbers. But I think from our view, it's moved up over the last several years. And as the market requires more and more volume, it will continue to move up.
Operator: And the next question, go to Laurence Alexander of Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: So good morning. How much could you flex the tolling side of the business? And I know the margins significantly different from your segment average. And secondly, with as you look at the opportunities around recycling, is there any incentive to shift your center of gravity downstream into more of the processing chemical or ways to integrate your knowledge of the chemistry with the downstream processing and capture more margin that way.
Scott Tozier: So, first of all, Lawrence on the tolling, I would say, we're evaluating that now there's, as per the earlier question, there's capacity in the marketplace. And we will have spodumene coming from MRL, the MARBL joint venture and our partner with MRL that we can put into the market. So it could flex upwards from the guidance that we have here that is possible. Our margins are slightly less, because you're paying several dollar a kilogram sort of see over what our normal costs would be. But obviously, at current pricing, that's fairly immaterial in the scheme of things. And then your second question, Lawrence was around recycling going downstream. I think we're looking at this now that we believe, if you look at what it takes to process black mass to various mineral components, and many of the unit operation, in fact we more than believe we know that many of the unit operations are very similar to what we do throughout our company and certainly in lithium. Many of the technologies are practiced in our existing operations to process mineral resources we do. And so other than just that last step processing to battery grade lithium, we're evaluating just how we partner, invest and develop that supply chain, which will be a regional effort from region to region, because it's very regionalized business recycling is. And so we're in that and well, as we develop that strategy further. We'll obviously share more details of that in future.
Operator: Thank you. That’s all the questions we have time for today. I will now hand back to Kent Masters for any closing remarks.
Kent Masters : Okay, thank you, Nadia. And thank you all for participation on our call today. The momentum we are experiencing in ‘22, combined with our pipeline of projects strongly positioned us to execute on profitable and sustainable growth for the longer term. I'm confident in our team's ability to drive value for all stakeholders by accelerating our growth in a sustainable way and to lead by example. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 10:20:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining the Q1 2022 Albemarle Corporation Earning Conference Call. My name is Terrence, and I'll be moderating your call today. Before I hand over to your host Meredith Bandy. [Operator Instructions]. I now have the pleasure of handing you over to Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. Please go ahead, Meredith.
Meredith Bandy: All right. Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of market yesterday, and you'll find the press release and earnings presentation posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, our Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Catalyst; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including our outlook, guidance, expected company performance and timing of the expansion projects may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation, that same language applies to this call.  Please also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our earnings presentation. And now I’ll turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Meredith, and thank you all for joining us today. On today's call, I will highlight our results and achievements during the recent quarter. Scott will provide more details on our financial results, outlook and balance sheet. I will then close our prepared remarks with an update on our growth projects and sustainability before opening the call for questions. Albemarle's leadership positions in lithium and bromine and our team's ability to execute have enabled us to generate increasingly strong results. In the first quarter, we generated net sales of $1.1 billion, up 44% compared to prior year. And that's excluding Fine Chemistry Services in the comparison, which we sold in June of last year. This fundamental strength allowed us to more than double our EBITDA year-over-year. The supply/demand balance remains tight in the markets we serve. This has enabled us to significantly increase our 2022 outlook based on continued pricing strength in our lithium and bromine businesses. Scott will dive into the key elements of that outlook later in today's presentation. In terms of operational highlights for the quarter, the restart of our Wodgina lithium mine in our MARBL joint venture is progressing well. First, spodumene concentrate from Train 1 is expected in May. We've agreed with our partners to accelerate the restart of Train 2 with the first spodumene concentrate from that train lie. Together, these two trains can feed conversion assets with annual capacity of around 70,000 tons of lithium hydroxide. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott to walk through our financials.
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Kent, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 5. During the quarter, we generated net sales of $1.1 billion, a year-over-year increase of 36%, including the FCS business, which we sold in June last year. This is due primarily to increased pricing as well as higher volumes driven by strong demand from diverse end markets, especially for our lithium and bromine businesses. For the first quarter, net income attributable to Albemarle was $253 million, up $158 million from the prior year because of the strong net sales, partially offset by inflationary cost pressures. This includes the impact of natural gas prices in Europe on our catalyst business. Adjusted diluted EPS for the first quarter was $2.38. The primary adjustments to earnings were $0.07 add-back for a loss on property sales and a $0.19 add-back for tax-related items. On Slide 6, I'll walk you through our first quarter adjusted EBITDA. For the first quarter, our adjusted EBITDA was $432 million, up 107% year-over-year. The primary driver [Technical difficulty] pricing, driven by the move to index referenced variable price contracts and higher market pricing. Lithium also benefited from the sales of lower-cost inventories, including a one-time sale of spodumene stockpiled during the initial start-up of Wodgina. Bromine was also favorable year-over-year, reflecting higher pricing driven by tight market conditions and a slight uptick in volumes that was partially offset by raw material and freight inflation. Catalyst was down relative to the prior year, primarily driven by higher raw material costs and lower volumes. That was partially offset by pricing. And lastly, corporate expense and foreign exchange were mostly flat year-over-year. Moving to Slide 7. We have meaningfully increased our 2022 outlook primarily to reflect continued strength in our lithium business. I'll discuss our lithium outlook in greater detail in just a moment. For the total company, we now expect 2022 net sales to be in the range of $5.2 billion to $5.6 billion, up about 60% to 70% versus prior year. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be between $1.7 billion and $2 billion, reflecting a year-over-year improvement of 120% at the midpoint of the range. This implies a total company EBITDA margin in the range of 33% to 36%. And together, this translates to updated 2022 adjusted diluted EPS guidance in the range of $9.25 to $12.25 compared to $4.04 in 2021. Additionally, we are maintaining our CapEx guidance range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion as we drive our lithium investments forward to meet increased customer demand. You may have noticed that we widened the range of our outlook to prudently reflect greater volatility in pricing for sales and inflation for cost of goods sold against the backdrop of a turbulent macro environment. And regarding the quarterly progression of sales and EBITDA, on our last call, we indicated that we expected Q1 to be our strongest quarter of the year, primarily due to higher pricing and sales of low-cost inventory. Given the continued strong pricing and rising volumes, we now expect our second half results to be about 55% of the total year. Turning to the next slide for more detail on our lithium outlook. Lithium's full year 2022 EBITDA is expected to be up 200% to 225% year-over-year, up from our previous outlook for growth of around 75%. We now expect our average realized selling price to be about double last year. This is the result of our efforts to move toward index referenced variable price contracts and a significant increase in index prices. We also have better line of sight to price in the full year. From the beginning of the year to today, indices are up between 85% and 125%. We're also assuming that our expected Q2 selling price remains at that level for the rest of the year. If current market prices remain at historically strong levels for the balance of the year, there would be upside to this guidance. There could also be additional upside if we transition additional existing contracts from fixed to variable pricing. However, if we see material declines from current market pricing or volume shortfalls, there would be downside to this guidance. There's no change to our lithium volume outlook for the year. We still expect year-over-year volume growth in the range of 20% to 30% as we bring on new conversion assets, particularly La Negra III and IV and Kemerton 1. For bromine, we are raising our full year 2022 EBITDA expectations with a year-over-year improvement of 15% to 20%. This revised guidance reflects higher pricing related to strong fire safety demand, supported by macro trends such as digitalization and electrification. We also expect higher volumes following our successful expansion last year in Jordan. For Catalysts, 2022 EBITDA is expected to be flat to down 65% year-over-year. This is below our prior outlook due to significant cost pressures primarily related to natural gas in Europe and certain raw materials and freight, partially offset by higher pricing. The large outlook range for Catalyst reflects increased volatility and lack of visibility, particularly related to the war in Ukraine. Given the extraordinary circumstances and the resulting changes in oil and gas markets, the business is aggressively seeking to pass through higher natural gas pricing to its customers. As previously discussed, we continue to expect a strategic review of the Catalyst business to be completed later this quarter. The review is intended to maximize value and position the business for success while enabling us to focus on growth. I will now turn to Slide 9 for a deeper dive on our lithium contracts and pricing. With the change in guidance, you can now see we have more exposure to changing market indices. Our segmented approach gives more flexibility to customers while still allowing Albemarle to preserve its upside and returns on our growth investments. This slide reflects the expected split of our 2022 revenues updated for current pricing. Battery-grade revenues are now expected to make up 70% to 80% of our 2022 revenues, of which 20% is expected to be from purchase orders on higher short-term pricing; about half are expected to be from contracts with variable pricing mechanisms, typically indexed reference with a 3- to 6-month lag; and the remaining 30% is from fixed price contracts. These fixed contracts also have price opener mechanisms to change prices over time. We continue to work with these customers to transition to contracts with variable index reference pricing. These negotiations are ongoing and progressing well. If we are successful, this could provide additional upside to our current outlook for the Lithium business. Following our last earnings call, we received a lot of questions regarding our expected lithium margins, so I wanted to provide some additional color on the moving pieces on Slide 10. We expect lithium margins to improve in 2022 driven by higher pricing, partially offset by the progressive commissions we pay in Chile under our CORFO contract. Another item to consider is the impact from higher fixed costs related to the startup and ramp of our new facilities such as the Wodgina mine and our La Negra and Kemerton conversion assets as well as the potential acquisition of the Chenzhou conversion plan. These plants are expected to more than double our lithium production. Over time, the impact of fixed costs on margins will diminish as production ramps and costs are absorbed. As a reminder, Albemarle calculates EBITDA by including joint venture equity income on an after-tax basis. This year, because of higher spodumene transfer pricing from our Greenbushes mine, this tax impact is much more meaningful than it has been in the past. This is simply a result of the line item where the tax hits our income statement. Albemarle remains fully integrated from resource to conversion. So effectively, we pay ourselves this higher spodumene pricing. On a completely pretax basis, lithium EBITDA margins are expected to be between 55% and 60% in 2022. Slide 11 highlights our expected volume ramp as our new lithium conversion facilities are completed. Last year, we converted 88,000 metric tons LCE including conversion at Silver Peak and Kings Mountain, Xinyu and Chengdu in China, and La Negra I and II in Chile. We are in the process of more than doubling conversion capacity with the expansions at La Negra and Kemerton, plus the acquisition of the Shinzo plant.  We typically expect it to take about two years to ramp to full capacity at a new plan, including roughly six months for customer qualification. Tying all of this together, we expect to achieve [Technical Difficulty]. Total lithium volumes are expected to be higher than that, including technical-grade spodumene sales of about 10,000 tons per year, tolling volumes of anywhere between 0 and 20,000 tons per year, depending on market dynamics and [Technical Difficulty] the spodumene, plus any additional conversion capacity we buy or build during this period. Finally, let's turn to Slide 12 to look at our strong balance sheet and cash flow. Our 2022 revised operating cash flow guidance is $650 million at the midpoint. Relative to 2021, you can see incremental cash flow driven by the higher net income, adding back higher depreciation. This is partially offset by higher working capital related to higher sales volumes and pricing, plus higher cost of raw materials and inventories. As a reminder, working capital typically averages about 25% of net sales. Our balance sheet is in great shape with $463 million of cash and liquidity of almost $2 billion. Current net debt to adjusted EBITDA is approximately 1.9 times, with rising EBITDA from higher pricing and volumes, we expect leverage to remain at or below our target range of 2 to 2.5 times. Our balance sheet supports the CapEx for our lithium investments to meet growing customer demand. Following our equity offering early last year, we repaid debt with the intention of relevering as needed to fund capital projects. We are actively evaluating options to do just that. We are planning to be in the debt market this quarter if market conditions are favorable. We remain committed to maintaining our investment-grade credit rating, and the debt markets provide a favorable avenue of acquiring additional capital. With that, I'll turn it back to Kent for an update on our projects on Slide 13.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Scott. First, let's look at a few of our expansions in Asia Pacific. Albemarle was focused on expanding global lithium conversion capacity to leverage our low-cost resource base. The acquisition of the Qinzhou conversion facility is now expected to close in the second half of this year as we continue to work through regulatory approvals. We look forward to closing this transaction to bring an additional 25,000 tons of lithium to the market. The commissioning process at Kemerton 1 is progressing well. We have introduced spodumene into the process, and we expect to achieve first product by the end of the month. Kemerton II remains on track for mechanical completion later this year. At our China greenfield expansions, we have broken ground at Meishan to construct a 50,000 ton per year hydroxide conversion facility. There are also options to expand that facility. The second China greenfield project at Zhangjiaghang is currently in the engineering phase, and we are looking at options to produce either carbonate or hydroxide.  Importantly with our ownership stakes at Wodgina and Greenbushes lithium mines, we already have access to low cost spodumene to feed these conversion facilities. As I mentioned previously, the restart of the Wodgina lithium mine by our JV partner Mineral Resources, is going well and we continue to negotiate agreements to expand and restructure the MARBL the joint venture. And we'll update the market when we have more information.  We also have a 49% stake at Greenbushes, one of the highest quality lithium resources in the world. The Talison joint venture is ramping up CGP2 and has approved construction of CGP3 and that's expected to begin later this year. In addition, construction of the tailings retreatment plant was completed during the quarter and commissioning is progressing to plan.  Our intention is to rent lithium resources in advance of conversion assets. In which case in the near term, we could be net long spodumene if so we may elect to toll or sell spodumene. The expansions in Australia and Asia are just a portion of the globally diverse lithium projects we have defined to meet growing customer demand. We remain focused on growing our global conversion capacity to leverage our world class resources in Australia, Chile and the United States.  Our Wave 3 projects should provide Albemarle with approximately 200,000 tons of additional lithium conversion capacity, which is higher than the 150,000 tonnes that we originally planned. Additionally, we continued to progress our growth options for Wave 4, which is expected to bring an additional 75,000 to 125,000 tons of capacity. This includes continue evaluation of options to restart our Kings Mountain lithium mine and build conversion assets in North America and Europe.  Our high degree of vertical integration, access to high quality, low cost resources. Years of experience bringing conversion capacity online and a strong balance sheet provide considerable advantages for the foreseeable future.  Looking now at slide 15, as you can see, Albemarle is executing a robust pipeline of projects all around the world. Our bromine business is pursuing incremental expansions in Jordan in the United States. These high return projects leverage our low cost resources and technical knowhow to support customers in growing and diverse markets like electronics, telecom, and automotive.  In Chile, the Salar Yield Improvement project is progressing and is expected to allow us to increase lithium production without increasing our Brian pumping rates, utilizing our proprietary technology to improve recovery, efficiency, and sustainability. We also have access to a lithium resource in Argentina, called Antofalla. We anticipate restarting exploration of Antofalla later this year after securing all necessary permits. In Australia, we continue to progress steady work on Kemerton expansions to leverage greater scale and efficiency with repeatable designs.  Finally, in the United States, the expansion of our Silver Peak facility in Nevada is on track to double lithium carbonate production. This is the first of several options to expand U.S. production. In Kings Mountain North Carolina, we've begun a pre-feasibility study to evaluate restarting the mind and then our bromine facility in Magnolia Arkansas, we're evaluating process technologies to leverage our brines to extract lithium. This robust pipeline, coupled with our industry knowledge and strong balance sheet provides significant growth opportunities for Albemarle.  Moving on to our sustainability initiatives on slide 16, creating sustainable shareholder value requires our company to continue to drive progress on our own ESG and sustainability efforts. And I'm proud of what we are achieving on that front. We will publish our 2021 corporate sustainability report on June 2. In that report, you will see strong progress and our work towards hitting our target reductions in greenhouse gas emissions and freshwater usage. Our initial Scope 3 emissions assessment and our first full lifecycle assessment for lithium products. You will also see further definition of our sustainability related targets including diversity and inclusion.  In addition to publishing our new sustainability report, we will host a webcast on June 28. And I hope you will join to listen in. In that presentation we will discuss next steps, including full CDP disclosure with TCFD goals and disclosures and third party IRMA assessments at the Salar de Atacama. As you can see, we have accomplished a great deal and we are committed to continue that progress.  So this concludes our prepared remarks. And now we will open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Please go ahead, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar : Yes, good morning. Good pricing initiatives. Given that your leverage is down substantially, it's a real advantage for you right now. Would you consider more M&A in lithium or getting into recycling? Or potentially going downstream? How would you view those options from a 60,000-foot view?
Kent Masters: So PJ, I think I mean, we've always we're looking at M&A on a regular basis, I don’t think really our view has changed. So we do want to be in recycling. And we feel like we have a plan. We're working toward being in the recycling business. We look at resources on a regular basis for acquisition, and we look at conversion assets as well. So our strategy has not changed. We may have a little more firepower now than we did in the past. But I think the strategy is [Technical Difficulty] the same areas and we're pretty focused on those areas.
P.J. Juvekar: Also in Argentina, in Antofalla what are the permits or hurdles that are remaining before you proceed? And similar for Kings Mountain, what could be some environmental concerns there, which has impacted other projects in the region? Thank you.
Kent Masters: Yes, so I'll just comment at a high level. I mean, it's all the permits that we need. I think we're closer and in Argentina, we are in Kings Mountain. But we're early in the process in North Carolina. But Eric can talk about more details there.
Eric Norris: These are classical studies, P.J., it’s Eric here, that you would do for any pre-feasibility work. There are - the Antofalla site is a greenfield site, and has not ever been mined before. So there are a host of different permits from environmental onwards that that would have to be achieved and those are underway and then we would progress from there.  In the case of Kings Mountain, this is a brownfield site. And so much of the work has to be done. And similarly on testing -- groundwater testing, environmental, there's a lot of work we're doing also with the community. We’ve engaged them very early on and did so earlier this quarter to participate in that process. And so as Kent said, that's a little earlier on but it's also brownfield sites. So it'll have a slightly different trajectory than, say, a greenfield site like Antofalla. 
P.J. Juvekar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Please go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Zekauskas : Thanks very much. You have a very clear idea of the capacity expansions you wish to execute over the next five years. What's the trajectory of capital expenditures from $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion level?
Kent Masters: Not sure -- you mean over past the next five years?
Jeff Zekauskas: Yes, exactly right. How do you expect your capital expenditures to change over that period?
Kent Masters: Yes, I think you're probably - we expect them to be in that range, right, over the over the next five-year period and going forward. I mean, it depends on what on opportunities. So resources, if we had additional resource that would change that profile. If we were able to acquire or identify additional resource, that could change that. But I think our baseline, which we've laid out in our Investor Day is kind of capital in that range over the next five-year period.
Jeff Zekauskas: Great. So lithium prices have really moved up. And are there limits to what cathode manufacturers or battery manufacturers can absorb? Or do you see any ceilings, or we'll just see what the market brings?
Kent Masters: Well, it's difficult to call what the market is going to do, so I think we have to see what the market is going to bring. And I think there are economic factors that come into play. But it - when you look at the overall cost of a vehicle, I mean, there's a lot of – there are a lot of components that go in there, lithium starts to become a little bit material, but it's still a small percentage of that overall cost.  So I mean, like our view is that prices -- the market is moving, they have recently just come down a little bit, suspect that's because demand in China is off because of COVID-related issues. So it has softened recently. But we're trying to structure our contracts. We've talked about this for a while. So we move with the market. So we're not dislocated to the market in either up - either in an up market or a down market.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum from Cowen. Please go ahead, David. 
David Deckelbaum: Think about expansion and your growth projects in North America, you discussed accelerating some activity at Silver Peak, growing out the Kings Mountain facility and restarting the mine there and looking at, obviously, the Magnolia Brine operations.  One, is there an interest? Or should we expect Albemarle to be filing any loan applications to look for some low-cost financing with any of these projects? And then my second part with that would be do you anticipate building out conversion facilities in and around the Kings Mountain, that would be sort of greater than your U.S. base resource on the upstream side?
Kent Masters: Okay. So there were a couple of questions in there. So I think first, I mean, loans, I think we'd be interested if we can get economically buyable loans better than we can do on our own. We're definitely interested in that to help us build out the battery supply chain in North America. And we would be looking to build conversion capacity locally, our customers want local conversion -- local resource and conversion capacity.  And then I think your question would be outsized conversion, vis-à-vis the local resource that we have. So we'll have to work that out over time. But the way we see it, we've got to convert the local product, but probably have to supplement local product with product coming from outside the U.S. And then we want to make sure that we as we do this, we're considering recycling as well. So we want to have not only virgin lithium coming from the resources in the United States and outside the U.S., but capacity for recycling as well. And we see that as an integrated facility that does that.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate the color on that. And then just my follow-up quickly. Maybe if you could just characterize the situation, you reiterated your outlook around volumes and obviously increased the outlook around pricing. Are you seeing any impacts, I guess, from some of the shipping woes that we hear getting into China or getting product into China? Are you anticipating that and then have you experienced little friction moving spodumene concentrate into your converters in China? And how do you see that situation kind of progressing throughout the year?
Kent Masters: Well, I mean, we see that in all of our businesses, right? So we're finding the supply chain, as you hear in the news, and with every other business. We're finding it, but we've been able to manage through it. Today, we can't say we don't have issues, but we've managed through it. But maybe Netha or Eric, you guys could comment a little bit on specifically, what you see in I guess really around China and Spodumene in and out. So relative to China and the lithium business. Just recall that we are an exporter, as well as an importer. So a lot of the hydroxide production that we make in China goes to that market and then a chunk goes outside and surrounding Asia countries as well.  And vision, as you point out we're bringing spodumene from Australia and highly support those operations. We have not -- we've experienced some customer impacts. We haven't been able, due to logistics, to hit certain time lines. But we haven't had any material impact to our revenues or to our contracts with these customers, can it comes down to just a very active supply chain team that is constantly managing various ports across the East Coast -- the Eastern seaboard of China to find the right way in and out for those products.  But, there are thousands of ships sitting of the coast of China, so it’s not a small task and so we’ll manage it on a day-to-day basis. The COVID crisis and how it's being managed there in China has definitely made this challenging, and we expect to continue to have that challenge and be very -- how we manage it, but no impact material variety so far.
Netha Johnson: And I think for us in bromine, China, we are a net importer, so for us getting material in is the same for Eric, an extreme challenge. But we're also getting on the back end seeing containers return from China to allow us to load up our facilities in America. And in the Middle East. That's probably the bigger issue. And that's part of the macro supply chain challenge and container movement around the world. We've got a great logistics team here Albemarle in supply chain with a brand-new leader, and we’re excited about what they’re doing to manage this difficulty.  But again, no material impact, we’ve got a great team and they're managing that very well for us.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks Eric. And thanks Kent. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, Vince. 
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Scott, I just was wondering if you could give us a bit more color on the working capital and how it works, just given so much of the increase in guidance was price related. So it’s just a question of receivables are going to spike for period of time as these prices flow through? Or is there anything going on the inventory side as well. 
Kent Masters: Yes, Vince, I think you've nailed it. So as prices go up obviously the receivables go up, we’re generally averaging between 55 and 60 days as a total company, so you basically have two months of receivables and the impact of that. So that's a driver.  The second one is on inventory rising and inflation. We’re seeing obviously our inventory costs go up as well even though the quantities are about the same, were actually a little bit lower, from what we saw last year. So those are the two drivers. We see a little bit of benefit in the payables to offset that inventory, but that's what's going on.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And just as a follow-up. You mentioned that for some contracts that might be renegotiated midyear off of 6 to variable. Do you have a rough idea of what percentage of your mix that could be or that's at least in discussion?
Scott Tozier: Yes. So if you actually look at the chart that we put in the presentation that breaks down our revenue, those fix contract makeup about 30% of our battery grade revenue. And those are the ones that are in discussions right now. So we'll see. If we’re successful, there would be additional upside to the guidance. As we move this to variable pricing.
Vincent Andrews: But it’s all the 30% subset of it. 
Kent Masters: Eric, do you want provide some addition detail there. 
Eric Norris: Yes. I would -- just knowing the mix of business we have and so now I would say it is subset, we still have a double-digit percentage there, when go to zero. But it could come down from 30% if we prevail.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thanks and I appreciate the help. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Jackson, from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Joe Jackson: Hi, good morning everyone. I wanted to ask question, and it's not just you, it's obviously the business and your peers, what you thought pricing would be in margins different look only three months ago, but into February into that quarter and Q1. And suddenly, the way your contracts are working with index pricing now, it's a lot higher pricing, it's a lot better margin, the story is really different. So I want to ask what really changed. And if things could change so quickly in three months, how can you be confident pricing your base case can stay flat for the rest of the year?
Kent Masters: Yes, so I mean, we've been talking about moving to these variable price contracts for over a year. And coming into the year, I mean, we're basically in the same position that we were at the beginning of the year. Most of the discussions that with most happened that changed our contract structure happened at the end of last year, toward the end of last year. What's changed is pricing. The indices have moved up, market has tightened. The market has gotten stronger from an EV demand standpoint and particularly in China. So that's really, I think, was the driver. Those were the first prices to move and other prices followed that. And it’s a tight market I mean the demand strong, and the supply is -- it's tight. It's a little bit an imbalance, and that's what's driven pricing.  Well, it how it stays there. I mean, we have -- but there are lags on our contracts. So we feel like we understand the second quarter pricing, very good. And we don't see it dropping dramatically. That's why we were comfortable giving guidance holding what we see for the second quarter for the balance of the year.  What it does going forward after that, it's difficult, it's difficult to call it the market is still tight, it's gotten a little soft, because the demand is off in China over COVID issues. Some of the EV plants were shut down, they're mostly backup now, but they are at lower rates. So demand is a little bit slower, which is caused a pause in the market and pricing has come off a little bit. It's hard to see how that comes down over time, I mean it can, but it's hard to see that happening very quickly. 
Joe Jackson: Okay. If I follow up on that. So, if you are now more exposed to spot and not as much it's fixed so pricing moving around a lot more. How does that change how you manage the business? Because you can have a view right now, like you just said, but obviously that could change in a month or two. And that may change how you look at things, your risks, how you handle working capital, what level, how comfy you are with leverage, because it seems like your business now is going to be more variable with spot price of lithium, which have surged, and they're way more volatile than they were in the past. How does that change how you view the business month to month, quarter to quarter? How do you plan for it?
Kent Masters: Yes, so our contracts, I mean, they're not all spot. So these are contracts that we have. Some are shorter term in the variable category. Some are short term with that better index to the market, the longer term contracts, we have our index to the market, but tend to have collars on them with floors and ceilings. So that takes some of that variability out.  So it's an evolution of our strategy around pricing. We are more indexed to the market today than we were a year ago. Definitely. And that was by design. And I think we know but we're confident in the volume growth and then pricing will -- it will move up and down. But we have a very good cost position with the resource base that we have in our cost position. We still think that we can invest capital to grow for this business and have confidence in them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Yefremov from KeyBanc. Please go ahead, Alex.
Alex Yefremov : Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And congrats on renegotiating the contracts. Question on volumes. You're raising your Wodgina production goals for this year. And yet your overall volumes are about the same for this year. Could you kind of explain what's going on with your volume assumptions in lithium?
Scott Tozier: So the -- Good morning, Alex, and thanks for your words. The volumes that we have guided to our 20% 30% above last year's numbers about 88,000. That’s described to you in the chart on page 11. We had already contemplated in our guidance that some form of Wodgina 1 would be used to support that volume growth. Wodgina 2 coming on is to follow the strategy that Kent indicated of having an excess of resource capacity to conversion growth.  And there's and we will look potentially there could be some possible upsides if that goes smoothly, it won't come until the second half of this year. There's some possibilities to toll or sell that as we indicated during our prepared remarks. So that would be certainly an access to the 20% 30% that was the range which is our internal production.
Alex Yefremov: Okay, understood. Thanks a lot. And the second question on pricing. I mean, you indicate three to six months lag effect for half of your battery grade revenues. So, if we take second quarter, for example, your expectation for second quarter pricing, and then we assume that these indices kind of stay flat where they are today. Does that imply that third quarter price and perhaps fourth quarter price go up sequentially? Would that be right logic given these lags?
Scott Tozier: Yes, given the lags, we only can see, as Kent said, clearly out three months because of the nature of these lags. But if market prices stay where they are, yes, there's upside. Very clear, there's upside. I think we said in our guidance that has to be a material decline in market prices. And what we've seen in the past couple of weeks in China's does not represent a material decline. So there has to be much more significant decline before that would have a downward impact on our guidance. 
Alex Yefremov: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew DeYoe from Bank of America. Please go ahead, Matthew.
Matthew DeYoe: Good morning, everyone. So questions on MinRes MARBL joint venture? One, have they paid you for the 10% stake yet? Two, whom controls the decision to run Wodgina? And at what pace? Is that MinRes that you? Is that a joint decision? And then when you move to 50-50, is that going to establish after tax accounting for that business as well? 
Kent Masters: So that I trying to take that. So that they not paid us for anything. And it's a concept, and we're negotiating that at the moment. So we're operating at a 60-40 structure that we had previously. So we're under discussions, and I would say negotiations around expanding that JV which and that expansion would move it to be 50-50 at Wodgina. But that's we've got to conclude all of that. And none of that will change until we conclude the discussions and get the final document. So the counting, Scott, I'll leave that to you.
Scott Tozier: Yes, so I mean, counting. Some of this depends on how those negotiate. So with a 50-50 joint venture, there's some complex accounting rules around control that we'll have to go through and evaluate that once those agreements are there. So there's two potential options there. One is that it is a consolidated joint venture on our books with minority similar to what we do with JBC, or with no control, and it'll just run through equity income, which would then create that tax impact that you asked about. So more to come on that, all depends on how the negotiations and the final contract comes out.
Matthew DeYoe: That's helpful. And then what do you -- what are the assumptions for second half 2022, spodumene internal transfers? If I were looking at sizing that impact, is it still 1770? Or have you moved that up?
Kent Masters: No, no, that's moved up. It's almost doubled from that. So I think it's Eric, do you have that. 
Eric Norris : It will double. 
Kent Masters: Will double. It's based on a formula with we've agreed to the JV has agreed to with the authorities in Australia for tax and royalty purposes. And then it's based upon a lagging basis of how spodumene prices in the market, several different indices have fared. So based on that, what you see spodumene prices rising with, certainly would be soft prices as well, that we talked about earlier, that average price is probably going on the order of double where it's been.
Matthew DeYoe: Yes, understood. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Parkinson from Mizuho. Please go ahead, Chris.
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, this is Harris fine on for Chris, thanks for taking my question. So your competitors have been discussing that there has been a noticeable step change in your customer’s willingness to enter into contracts and more of an acknowledgment that the world will be short lithium in the coming years. So I was wondering if you could give your perspective on that based on what you're seeing. And I know it's early but how what that implies for the setup for 2023 pricing, is it reasonable to expect that you would be able to maintain these levels?
Eric Norris: So, Harris this is Eric, I'll start and maybe others will add. So the market there is certainly a very big concern about security supply, with the rapid commitment -- with the significant commitment that automotive manufacturers are making towards EVs and the excitement that brings with it.  There's a concern as well that that the whether the industry can spool up quickly enough to meet that demand. And in one regard, that might be why the spot price is so high, it's just a fundamental concern in that regard. And that's leading to long term partnership discussions, unfortunately, that falls squarely in a strategy we've had for years now, which is picking the right partners partnering with them long-term leveraging our world class resources, and our ability to execute well, to give them comfort that we're the right partner for them to ease that concern around security of supply.  Price is -- as we've discussed at length in this call is a function of what happens with the market indices, for a large measure of our revenue currently 6% of our battery revenues are going to be impacted by that it is, and that's going to be what the market does. So there will be structures we take on with these sorts of partners. As Ken earlier said, we'll probably be index based and have some coloring on either side of them. And a long term commitment from these customers to buy in for us to supply where that price is, is going to be a function of the market. So hard to call that right now.
Unidentified Analyst : Got it. And piggybacking off that, in the past, you've been looking at sort of a 40% long-term EBITDA margin bogey for lithium and 1Q looks like a little bit of an anomaly. But given the current price setup that you're seeing, is there any meaningful change to your long-term, normalized margin outlook, it's a bit higher in 2022. And if you could also talk about helping us come up with a framework for quantifying how startup costs are going to play into that over the next few years, that would be really helpful?
Kent Masters: Yes, so I would say that our long-term view as we laid out last year in our investor day was in the mid-40s for the lithium business at mid-cycle pricing. So through the cycle. And I would say that our view really hasn't changed at this point in time, we'll continue to evaluate that. And just as we need to, as we better understand the long term pricing outlooks. Of course, as you mentioned, our plant startups do have an impact on that. It's bigger today, because we're doubling our capacity versus as you go forward in time, the next increment is going to be a smaller and smaller percentage, and eventually just be part of just part of our normal operating activities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets, please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan : I mean, first off, I guess, just wanted to go back to the pricing discussion. So, we have had some majors announced, some new capacity announcements, I think, in thing and some, some others, as you know, and that would kind of potentially signal some confidence that we are in a new price regime. You've also taken up, your guidance for the full year. I'm just curious what you think, the new level of, say peak to trough pricing, and lithium is, as you move into '23. I mean, do you think you can build off of this space that you're at right now?
Kent Masters: So we're not going to call lithium pricing going forward. I mean, part of -- what we've done is we've structured our contract. So we move with the market, and we've given ourselves a little bit of stability, that's been part of our plan for some time. And it gives our customers visibility of what the price is relative to the market mean, they have the same visibility going forward as we do and as you do, so it's difficult for us to say where it goes in '23, we think the market is tight.  When we look at the demand from EVs and demand on lithium, and what we see as capacity coming on the market is tight for years. So, for at least through our planning period, which I would call it five years. So we see it being pretty tight. Now there'll be periods where there's some oversupply, but the growth in the market, it catches up very quickly. So we think the market is tight, but we're not going to call lithium prices for '23. 
Arun Viswanathan: Understood. And then I guess, we haven't really asked about bromine yet. So maybe I'll just ask quickly there. Maybe you can just provide a couple more details on your thoughts there. Do you expect continued price upward momentum there and what's the outlook, I guess from a demand standpoint?
Scott Tozier: Yes, Arun, in terms of pricing, I think we should see pretty stable pricing. We're pretty fortunate that the applications and digitalization, electrification continue to grow, and that those applications are growing slightly faster than supply can come onto the market. So similar to what we saw in our investor day, last fall, we expect this market to be fundamentally under supplied for the next five years or our planning period. So and we're adding capacity. So we expect the pricing to stay relatively strong for this foreseeable future.
Operator: Next question is from Ben Kallo from Baird, please go ahead.
Ben Kallo: Good morning, to all. Just two questions. First, hydroxide versus carbonate? And how do you decide on where to make the investment on the two, and then geopolitical risk, just as you invested in countries that there was a headline out yesterday about Mexico nationalizing their lithium resource, but as you look to Argentina making that investment in Chile, we get a lot of questions about that. So how do you think about that going forward? And thanks, guys.
Eric Norris: Ben, this is Eric, I can take the hydroxide and myself or Kent can address the geopolitical response. So first, on hydroxide versus carbonate. The prior question was about the trend towards long-term partnerships and security supply. We one of the benefits of the customer partnership approach is to leverage that their commitment to us in making commitment firmly to the product form that they wish it, there's also and this does relate to the geopolitical risk side of things, and that there's also a discussion around where they want it. And increasingly a concern and a desire to have localization of supply.  So we leveraged the commitments we're trying to get in these contracts, always got some risk to narrow down those two issues, the product risk and the regional risk for the two, as an added comment we currently are seeing that maybe carbonate is or LSP, chemistries are about maybe 20% 25% of the market. That's our current view, we continue to monitor that carefully. Kent do you want to comment just on how we think about risk?
Kent Masters: Yes, I would say I mean, important for us, given the locations where [Technical Difficulty] we look at it kind of at a macro level, and by country, so and we look at it for particularly kind of we get deeper and deeper as we make a new investment. But we monitor that. So a lot happening in Chile, as you know, we talked about on these calls before Argentina, as we make investments there, we'll have to make sure that we're looking at those risks and monitoring that Australia less of an issue, China's another area that we have to focus on, and make sure we have our risk assessments but we monitor those, we try and combine it with active government relations on making sure that we're doing the right thing in the country.  So we're seeing as a good actor, and that we're bringing value to them as well, that others can't necessarily bring. So that's a big part of how we feel that we mitigate the risk and some of those geographies. 
Operator: Our next question is from Colin Rusch from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead, Colin.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much guys. Can you talk a little bit about the potential for incremental customer deposits or customer funded CapEx? You guys are spending a ton of money to grow capacity, and then just worrying about some of the alternative strategies for finance?
Kent Masters: Yes, Colin I think it's a good question. I think, given the environment that we're in, and the concern around supply from our customers, we're exploring all sorts of options, partnership type of options, like Eric talked about pre payments, there's a variety of different things there. I think the key for us is to ensure that that those types of agreements are giving us incremental return, versus what we could do on our own. So clearly, our strong balance sheet, strong support from investors give us plenty of capacity to build and do it on our own. But if we can get incremental returns, we'll take a look at it.
Colin Rusch: Okay, and then just given the expertise that you guys have around cathode materials and formulation, I'm wondering about your willingness are interested in additional vertical integration. Obviously, you don't want to compete with your customers, but it seems like you guys have enough expertise that you could do some real work in that space?
Kent Masters: Is that a capital question or just a CapEx question? 
Colin Rusch: Yes. CapEx, I wanted to hear vertical integration there. 
Kent Masters: Yes. So I mean, look, we look at the different options, but we're from, we look at it from a material standpoint, our interest in batteries and cathodes is to make sure that we're producing and developing the right chemistry that go into our customer’s processes. So we're not looking to be in the cathode business, but we're looking to be an excellent supplier to those cathode makers and the OEMs that have a vested interest in the battery and the cathode technology.
Eric Norris : Yes, and I just expand Colin part of note, part of doing that as being able to understand that application very well, but not integrate forward into it. And as I would also say, though, that as we look at other advanced forms of lithium, we'll look at the -- again, question exactly how we want to play and still be material player, but what material are we supplying? And so we're looking at, as you look at solid state chemistries, there's a variety different ways we can play in that area. And we're doing a lot of work currently, with partners and customers in that area to determine the future.
Colin Rusch: That's it for all. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for today's Q&A session. I'm now going to hand you back to Kent Master for any final remarks. Please go ahead.
Kent Masters: All right. Thank you, Terrence. And thank you all again for your participation on our call today. Our success in 2021 combined with the momentum we are experiencing in '22 strongly positions us for profitable growth. I'm confident in our team's ability to drive value for all of our stakeholders by accelerating our growth in a sustainable way and to lead by example. Thank you and thanks for joining us. 
Operator: This conclude today’s call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would like to turn the call over to Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. You may begin.
Meredith Bandy: All right. Thanks, Michelle. Thank you all, and welcome to Albemarle’s fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after close of market yesterday, and you’ll find our press release and earnings presentation posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. Our GBU Presidents, Raphael Crawford, Netha Johnson and Eric Norris are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including outlook, guidance, expected company performance and timing of expansion projects may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of the comments made today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our earnings presentation. Now I’ll turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Meredith, and thank you all for joining us today. On today’s call, I will highlight our quarterly results, recap our 2021 successes and update you on our expansion plans. Scott will provide more details on our financial results, outlook and capital allocation priorities. And finally, I’ll walk you through our 2022 objectives. 2021 was a transformative year for Albemarle. Our strategic execution and ability to effectively manage the challenges of the global pandemic enabled us to capitalize on the strength of the lithium and bromine markets and generate results that exceeded expectations. For the year, excluding our Fine Chemistry Services business, which was sold in June of 2021, we increased net sales by 11% to $3.3 billion, which was in line with our previous guidance. Adjusted EBITDA grew 13% in 2021 to $871 million, surpassing the upper end of our guidance. Looking ahead, our outlook for 2022 has improved based primarily on favorable market conditions for lithium and bromine. We expect adjusted EBITDA to grow between 35% and 55% versus 2021, excluding Fine Chemistry Services. To continue driving this growth, we are focused on quickly bringing capacity online with accelerated investments. La Negra III and IV is currently in commercial qualification and we expect to start realizing first sales from this facility in the second quarter. In November, we achieved mechanical completion of the first train at Kemerton. The construction team is now dedicated to the second train, and we will be able to leverage our experience from Train 1 to improve efficiencies and timeliness of this project. And we recently signed a nonbinding letter agreement to explore the expansion of our MARBL joint venture with increased optionality and reduced risk. Now looking at Slide 5. We introduced this slide early last year to lay out our 2021 objectives designed to support the four pillars of our strategy, to grow profitably, to maximize productivity, to invest with discipline and to advance sustainability. I would like to thank our teams for their extraordinary efforts. Virtually all the goals we set last year were met or exceeded despite challenges related to severe weather, supply chain issues and the ongoing effects of the pandemic. The focus of our people around the world is what drove our strong year and underscores our ability to deliver on our commitments. These accomplishments have also set the stage for us to take advantage of the growth opportunities ahead. Just as important as driving growth is an ongoing dedication to strong ESG values. I’m very proud of what you see on Slide 6. Since I became CEO in 2020, one of my main priorities has been continued improvement in sustainability. I’m pleased to see that these efforts are increasingly being recognized externally, but it certainly isn’t a new initiative for Albemarle. Sustainability is not just doing the right thing but also doing it the right way. For example, the lithium market is expected to see significant demand growth in the coming years. As a leader in lithium production, we expect to be an example and help define the standards of sustainability in this market as it goes through this fundamental shift. Now turning to Slide 7 and more on the lithium market outlook. Based on our current market data, EV trends and regular interactions with our customers, we are revising our lithium demand outlook upwards once again. We now expect 2025 lithium demand of approximately 1.5 million tons, up more than 30% from our previous estimates. Beyond 2025, we anticipate continued growth with lithium demand of more than three million tons by 2030. EV sales growth is accelerating as consumers become more energy-conscious, governments incentivize clean energy, technology improves and EVs approach pricing parity with internal combustion vehicles. In 2021, global EV production nearly doubled to over six million vehicles from three million in 2020. By the end of the decade, EVs are expected to account for close to 40% of automotive sales. When you look at last year’s growth rate of nearly 50% and the auto industry’s ambitions for a rapid transition to EVs, it’s easy to see why demand expectations are so bullish. However, meeting this demand will be a challenge. Turning to our Wave II projects on Slide 8. La Negra III and IV, which will add conversion capacity for our Chilean brine resource in the Salar de Atacama is currently in the customer qualification process. We anticipate incremental volumes and revenue contribution from this project in the second quarter of this year. While there are significant changes taking place to the political landscape in Chile, we do not anticipate any material impacts to our business. We support the Chilean people’s right of self-determination and applaud the peaceful leadership transition in that country. Our team has already begun building relationships with the incoming administration. As I mentioned earlier, Kemerton I reached mechanical completion late last year and is currently in the commissioning phase. This puts us on track to begin first sales in the second half of this year. Kemerton II remains on track to reach mechanical completion by the end of this year. The OEMs and battery manufacturers have been investing heavily in growth, including commitments in North America and Europe, and the lithium industry must do the same. Turning to Slide 9. We provide an overview of how Albemarle is investing to support downstream growth. Since our Investor Day, we have accelerated and further defined our Wave III projects, including the announcement of three strategic investments in China. This wave of investments will provide Albemarle with approximately 200,000 tons of additional capacity. That’s up from 150,000 tons of capacity originally planned for Wave III. We’ve also continued to progress our growth options for Wave IV. Based on discussions with our customers, we are analyzing options to restart our Kings Mountain lithium mine and the potential to build conversion assets in North America and Europe. Our vertical integration, access to high quality, low cost resources, years of experience bringing conversion capacity online and strong balance sheet provide us with considerable advantages. I’m on Slide 10 now. In China, we expect to close the acquisition of the Qinzhou conversion facility in the first half of this year. This transaction is progressing well, and we continue to work through the appropriate regulatory reviews. The Qinzhou plant is currently being commissioned and we have begun tolling our spodumene to assist with that process. We continue to progress the two greenfield lithium conversion projects in Meishan and Zhangjiagang. We have started site clearing at Meishan and expect to break ground at Zhangjiagang later this year. We expect mechanical completion of both projects by the end of 2024. The restart of one of three processing lines at the Wodgina mine is going well, with first spodumene concentrate production now expected in the second quarter. At Greenbushes, Talison continues to ramp production from the CGP 2 facility to meet design throughput and recovery rates. In addition, the tailings project at Talison is on track. Before I turn the call over to Scott, I’d like to highlight our bromine growth projects on Slide 11. Our bromine business is investing in innovation and capital projects to take advantage of growth opportunities. We expect new products to make up more than 10% of annual bromine revenues by 2025, up from essentially a standing start. The first of these products to launch is SAYTEX ALERO, our next-generation polymeric flame retardant. We first discussed SAYTEX ALERO at our Investor Day last year, and I’m excited to say that we have achieved first commercial sales in January and expect to scale production throughout the year. We’ve also invested in the resource expansion at the Smackover formation in Arkansas, and we continue to grow our conversion and derivative capacity in both Arkansas and Jordan. With that as an overview, I’ll turn the call over to Scott to discuss recent results and our outlook.
Meredith Bandy: Scott?
Kent Masters: Scott, you might be on mute.
Scott Tozier: Hello? Can you hear me now?
Kent Masters: Yes. We hear you.
Scott Tozier: Okay. Sorry about that. I was on mute. Thanks, Kent, and good morning, everyone. I’ll begin on Slide 12. For the fourth quarter, we generated net sales of $894 million, which is an increase of $15 million compared to the prior year quarter. This was driven by higher sales from lithium and bromine, partially offset by the loss of revenue from our Fine Chemistry Services business, which was sold in June 2021. Excluding FCS, we grew by 11%. The fourth quarter net loss attributable to Albemarle was $4 million, reflecting an increased cost estimate to construct our Kemerton lithium hydroxide plant due to anticipated cost overruns from the impact of pandemic-related issues on the supply chain and labor. Fourth quarter adjusted diluted EPS of $1.01 was down 14% from the prior year. The primary adjustment to EPS is the $1.13 add-back of that Kemerton revision. Let’s turn to Slide 13 for more detail on adjusted EBITDA performance. Excluding FCS, fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was up 12% from the prior year. Lithium results remained strong driven by higher volumes as well as higher pricing. Bromine results were roughly flat year-over-year, reflecting strong performance in late 2020 and repeating it in 2021. And Catalyst improved in the fourth quarter as refinery markets continue to rebound and the business saw benefits from one-time items. Our second half sales grew 13% from the first half of the year, following a relatively flat growth since mid-2020. This acceleration of growth is expected to continue into 2022. On Slide 14, you can see we are expecting both volume and pricing growth in all three of our business units in 2022. We expect net sales of between $4.2 billion to $4.5 billion and adjusted EBITDA in the range of $1.15 billion to $1.3 billion. This implies an adjusted EBITDA margin of between 27% and 29%. Adjusted diluted EPS and net cash from operations are also expected to improve year-over-year. We anticipate healthy growth in adjusted EBITDA in all four quarters this year, and we expect Q1 to be the strongest quarter for several reasons. All three GBUs are expected to benefit from lower-cost inventory sold at prices that have been raised in anticipation of inflation. In the first quarter, lithium also has the benefit of strong shipments from our Talison joint venture to our partner as well as a onetime spodumene sales material produced at Wodgina on initial start-up in 2019. And finally, going forward, higher spodumene transfer pricing increases are going to increase our cost of sales and only partially be offset by higher Talison joint venture income, which is included in our EBITDA after tax. And this creates a tax-impacted EBITDA margin drive. As Kent mentioned, CapEx is expected to increase to the $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion range this year as we accelerate lithium investments to meet increased customer demand. The key actions to meet or exceed this guidance include, first, successful execution of our lithium project start-ups; second, closing the acquisition in China; third, solid performance at our sold-out plants in lithium, bromine and FCC catalysts; fourth, continued strength in our end-use markets and favorable pricing environment; and lastly, solid procurements to combat inflation. Let’s turn to Slide 15 for more details by GBU. Lithium’s full year 2022 EBITDA is expected to be up 65% to 85%, a significant improvement from our previous outlook. We now expect volume growth to be up 20% to 30% for the year with the new capacity coming online as well as ongoing efficiency improvements. Average realized pricing is now expected to increase 40% to 45% compared to 2021 due to strong market pricing as well as the expiration of pricing concessions originally agreed to in late 2019. In some cases, as these concessions rolled off, pricing reverted to legacy contracts with significantly higher variable pricing. And as we’ve been saying, we’ve also taken the opportunity to work with our strategic customers to renegotiate contracts to more variable rate structures. Catalyst EBITDA is expected to be up 5% to 15%. This is below our previous outlook, primarily due to cost pressures related to high natural gas pricing in Europe and raw material inflation. Volumes are expected to grow across segments with overall refining markets improving. We continue to see volumes returning to pre-pandemic levels in late 2022 or 2023. FCC volumes are already there, but HPC volumes are lagging. Bromine EBITDA is expected to be up 5% to 10%, slightly above our previous outlook based on strong flame retardant demand supported by macro trends, such as digitalization and electrification. Volumes are expected to increase based on the expansions we began in 2021. And as discussed, higher pricing and ongoing cost and efficiency improvements are expected to offset higher freight and raw material costs. Now turning to Slide 16, I’ll provide some additional color on lithium volume growth. This slide shows the expected lithium production volume ramp from the new conversion facilities we expect to complete this year. We begin the year with a baseload production of 88,000 metric tons in 2021, which includes Silver Peak, Kings Mountain, Xinyu, Chengdu and La Negra I and II. And you can see that this is virtually a 50/50 split of carbonate and hydroxide. As our Wave II projects come online, output will begin to favor hydroxide. Generally speaking, we expect it to take about two years to ramp to full conversion capacity at a new plant, including approximately six months for commissioning and qualification. Therefore, we expect to reach our full 200,000 tons of conversion production by early 2025. Before I turn it back to Kent, I’d like to update you on our capital allocation priorities, and I’ll turn to Slide 17 to do that. Our capital allocation priorities remain the same. Our primary focus is to invest in profitable growth opportunities, particularly for lithium and bromine. Strategic portfolio management and maintaining financial flexibility are important levers to support this growth. For example, we have divested noncore businesses like FCS and reallocated funds to organic and inorganic growth opportunities, like the expected acquisition of the Qinzhou plant. The strategic review of Catalyst is progressing well and is on track for us to make an announcement of the outcome in the first half of this year. We’ll also continue to evaluate bolt-on acquisitions to accelerate growth or bolster our portfolio of top-tier assets. As always, future dividends and share repurchases are subject to Board approval. However, we expect to continue to support our dividend. Given the outsized growth opportunities we see in lithium, we don’t anticipate share repurchases in the foreseeable future. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Scott. I’ll end our prepared remarks on Slide 18, outlining our 2022 objectives aligned with our long-term strategy. First, we will continue to grow profitably. This means completing our Wave II expansions and progressing Wave III expansions to grow lithium conversion capacity and volumes. We’ll also focus on safely and efficiency starting up those facilities. Next, we will continue to maximize productivity, and this is even more important in today’s environment with rising cost for raw materials. We will leverage our operational discipline to offset inflation through manufacturing excellence, implementing lean principles and embracing smart technology to improve HSE, cost, reliability and quality. Our procurement cost-saving initiatives and manufacturing excellence projects will be key to offsetting higher raw materials and freight cost as we work to achieve adjusted EBITDA margin of between 27% and 29%. We will invest with discipline. As Scott discussed, portfolio management and maintaining our investment-grade credit rating are both high priority for us and will continue to be a focus in 2022. Importantly, we plan to complete the catalyst strategic review later this year, which will maximize value and set that business up for success while enabling us to focus on growth. Finally, we will advance sustainability. That means driving progress toward our goals for greenhouse gas emissions and fresh water use and setting additional sustainability targets. We’ll also continue to work with our customers to improve the sustainability of the lithium supply chain by completing our mine site certifications, Scope 3 greenhouse gas assessments and analyzing product life cycles. So with that, I’d like to open the call for questions, and I’ll turn it back to Michelle.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Deckelbaum with Cowen. Your line is open.
David Deckelbaum: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I was curious if you could talk a little bit about the lithium pricing outlook. You raised your outlook to 40% to 45% increase in 2022. When you think about that, and you talked about renegotiating your fixed price contracts, how do we think about your exposure to spot market fluctuations now as we head into 2023? And I guess, in conjunction with that, would you expect that you would see further pricing increases into 2023 based on your outlook today?
Eric Norris: Good morning, David, this is Eric Norris. So our pricing outlook – let me start first with the composition, what we see in 2022. We have, as Scott and Kent indicated in the prepared remarks, moved our pricing structures to be more variable. About upwards of close to 50% of our existing battery-grade contracts have a variable component to an index with a price and a ceiling. Those indices are not what you would see in China. Those are indices based upon global publicly available indices, such as Benchmark Minerals, Fast Markets and the like. The remaining 10% of our business is spot in China, so that is going to be exposed to what you see. And the rest is largely, at this point, fixed. Although as Scott indicated, as we continue to approach customers and then they seek to add to their volumes through our expansions, we are in those discussions asking them and considering moving to more variable with them as well. So, we have bottom line increased our exposure to pricing upside, but I think you need to consider that the contracts that we – or excuse me, the indices we’re using largely are the global indices, not the China indices, where you see much higher price in the China market than you do globally. So in terms of the outlook going forward, I mean, I would say that we expect – it really comes down to what China pricing does. It is the lead, sort of the tip of the spear. Where that goes, the indices follow globally. Those global indices are about half, in some cases, of current China prices. So there’s probably room to go in those indices, but there’s – with prices where they are in China, one could only speculate what they would go. And could they go down? We don’t know. So there’s – there’ll always be some variability on that 10% of our business that’s in China.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate that. Thanks for the color there. My follow-up is just on the capital raise, a $200 million increase this year to the budget. It sounds like that’s accelerating some of the conversion assets in China. Could you just give a little bit more color around that? And when do you expect to see some of the volumetric impact relative to your original outlook?
Kent Masters: Okay. So I’m not sure, volumetric impact – so you’re talking about our Wave III expansions when we see those volumes coming on? Is that...
David Deckelbaum: It sounds like that the timing has now accelerated around Wave III. So, I guess per your – if you were to look at it based on your original vision that you laid out at the Investor Day, how much time are you pulling forward with that additional $200 million around the conversion assets?
Kent Masters: Yes. So, we brought it forward because of the Meishan, Zhangjiagang – the acquisition Zhangjiagang. So that was not – we were hoping to do an acquisition. The hadn’t plan didn’t have that, nailed down at the – when we did the equity raise and the comments that we made then. So that brought it forward. And we’ve increased the capacity about 50,000 tons in that Wave. So the timeframe has been pulled a bit forward because we’ve confirmed that acquisition, and then we’ve increased that Wave by 50,000 tons. And as we said before, the two greenfields we think will be on by the end of 2024.
David Deckelbaum: Thank you all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Bob Koort: Thank you. Good morning. Kent or Eric, I was wondering if you could talk about your strategy on contracting to customers in a growing and very tight market. Is there an approach to not contract all your volume to ensure your customers can get deliverability? Do you want to have as much as possible fixed volume obligations? How do you think about that?
Kent Masters: Yes. So I’ll just – at a high level, and Eric can give you a little more detail on it. But I think we’ve talked about it. We want to have a portfolio across the range of those projects. So, we’re not tying up all the volume on long-term fixed contracts. But we do want to have that element of it. It’s becoming a probably a bigger part. We’re probably fighting to make sure that we keep the portfolio the way we envision it.
Eric Norris: Yes. I don’t have much to add, Bob. You heard how I answered David’s question just before you on the mix. We’ve seen an influence that to have up to a half on some sort of variable price that has some floors and ceilings a bit of spot and then the rest fixed. And we still strive to have, as we grow the business and add capacity, an amount that we can play in the spot markets. And that gives us excess to flex with our contract customers as they grow as well. Strategy still remains to be a partner to our customers and to seek those partnerships for their long-term growth, and that’s becoming in this market a very important topic, that security of supply.
Bob Koort: Can I ask a follow-up? What was the reason? And what are the ramifications of changing your MARBL agreement?
Kent Masters: Yes. So we’re – I mean we’re in the middle of that. So, I don’t really want to front run the discussions that we’re having with our joint venture partner. But I mean it’s really about – it’s expanding it to giving us more reach and mitigating some of the risks that we see in the marketplace by sharing it with a partner.
Bob Koort: Got you. Thanks Kent.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. When you look at your lithium carbonate, your LCE production from now to 2025. Does your cost per ton change very much and in what direction?
Eric Norris: Well, Jeff, as Kent described – this is Eric, good morning, first off. As Scott described, Wave III is hydroxide-based and spodumene-based in that regard. Those are – that’s a higher cost of production than carbonate production out of Chile. So generally speaking, because of the higher cost to produce hydroxide versus carbonate out of brine, the average cost goes up slightly. But that’s a function of resource and product mix. We continue to drive productivity throughout the portfolio to ensure that we’re operating at a low conversion cost to take advantage of the good resources we have.
Jeff Zekauskas: And I think Scott said that the first quarter would have the – of 2022 would have the highest EBITDA total of the year. Why is that given that lithium production would be much greater in the second half?
Kent Masters: So there are a couple of dynamics happening there. So first is, we’ve been aggressive around pricing given inflation coming through. And in the first quarter, we’re selling out of inventory where that inflation has not actually hit our cost base yet. So – and that’s true across all of our businesses. So that inflation catches up to us in the back half of the year, and we’ve already implemented pricing. So that there’s a lull on that. And then it’s really the same answer on lithium. That’s across all the businesses, but particularly in lithium, spodumene prices have gone up dramatically. In the first quarter, we’re selling out of inventories, which have 2021 costs. And in 2022, those cost increases come through the P&L. And that was the dynamic Scott was talking about, where our EBITDA becomes tax-affected because it’s minority interest from JV income. Because even though we’re protected from those spodumene prices going up, it shifts from being in our peer EBITDA minority interest, which gets added to EBITDA, but on an after-tax basis. So those are the – really the two drivers for why the first quarter is the highest EBITDA level.
Jeff Zekauskas: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Your line is open.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Good morning. How quickly do you see the Wodgina ramp-up? And is that limited by available conversion capacity in Australia and China? And then talking about conversion capacity, your potential North American/European conversion capacities in Wave IV, what does it take to move it to Wave III?
Kent Masters: I’m going to take the second question first and then probably talk to Eric for the first. But – so what we define – I mean the Waves are really just – those are our definition of projects. So nothing else is going to change. It’s not going to move North America from IV to III, because III is defined, and we’re well into execution on those projects right now. And we’re still defining exactly what we will do in Wave IV. But we would – we look to accelerate those, but they’ll still remain in Wave IV.
Eric Norris: And P.J., on your first question about Wodgina, we are only with our joint venture partner ramping up the first train of Wodgina with 50,000 tons of 6% spodumene, a little over 30,000 tons on an LCE basis. We look at the China, the growth in conversion capacity and hydroxide from Wave III that Kent described as the output – or excuse me, the consumer for that material. As a side note, spodumene tends to come on pretty quickly. It’s a different kind of plan operation than a conversion – chemical conversion plant, which tends to ramp over two years. A spodumene plant can come up within six months.
Kent Masters: Plus those trains are already built.
Eric Norris: Plus the trains, yes, fair point. Plus trains are built and they’re just being restarted. So, we would expect by midyear and to see spodumene flowing from that and put it into the assets that we talked about in Wave III. And the balance, we’d consider looking at tolling for the balance. And then as we continue to progress Wave III and other expansion activities, we’d look down the road. We’ve made no decisions yet on the second and third train at Wodgina, but those would be for down the road, giving us plenty of dry powder, so to speak, to support our growth as we continue to build out conversion capacity.
P.J. Juvekar: Great. And you guided to lithium volume growth of 20% to 30%, which I would think is in line with where the industry is growing. But you have so much new capacity coming online in 2022, first half and second half. So, I would have thought that your volumes would grow faster than the industry. Any reason why it’s not growing faster than the industry?
Eric Norris: Well, certainly, we’d like to continue to maintain our position in the industry and growth of the industry. And you’re right, with this growth guidance, we were doing that. But underneath that are the practical realities of capacity limitation. So the guidance we’ve given, P.J., speaks to – we give you dates of when we think these plants will come online. We – and we first have that first qualification standpoint. We have a six-month period before it can be qualified, and then we have about a two-year ramp to ramp that. When you back calculate that math, that’s on our fixed base of 88,000 tons last year. That is the growth increment you get. So it happens to correspond to market growth, but it’s going as fast as we can on our capacity expansion.
P.J. Juvekar: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you very much. Just two quick questions. Just the first would be for the Western OEMs, let’s say, all in on the EV front. Just what’s your assessment of their own perceptions just regarding some of the newer competitor supply additions and how that product will or potentially will not be accepted in the marketplace in the ultra, let’s say, near to intermediate term? Any color would be helpful. Thank you.
Eric Norris: Yes. Good morning, Chris. So by that, you’re referring to Western OEMs’ view of new lithium competitors coming into the market who are trying to bring capacity to market. Look, I mean, I think you’d have to ask their view on things. I will say this, security of supply is a very, very big concern in the market. I think that’s why in a pure spot market like China, you see prices that are in order of magnitude higher than they were a year ago. It’s folks trying to get supplied at any price. So that is true, certainly in China given those prices, but that same sentiment is true here in the U.S., particularly as Western OEMs or in Europe as well, underwrite big investments. So they are looking for lithium wherever they can get it. I think the offering that Albemarle brings and is part of our dialogue with them is we have the resources. We have the execution capability, and we’re reliable in bringing on supply. So, we’re an attractive partner for them in those dialogues, and we’re in the middle of all those discussions now as we bring on this new capacity and look into the future to bring on future capacity, particularly as Kent referenced, as we look to localize capacity in North America and Europe.
Christopher Parkinson: That’s helpful. And just a quick follow-up. Just what would just be your latest thought process? On the demand front, you already hit on a few things. But just in terms of battery technologies, energy density. Just any color on what you’ve seen in terms of new model launches and potentially advancing high-nickel cathode chemistries? That would be very helpful. Thank you.
Eric Norris: Yes. So on battery chemistry for electric vehicles, we still see over the five- and 10-year view – or sorry, I’ll put it another way, over the 2025 and 2030 view that we’ve characterized in our growth charts in the earnings deck. We still see nickel – high nickel being the key to higher range. And we further see innovations on the anode side in prelithiation and new technologies that will further allow more energy density and cost-effectiveness of those nickel chemistries with that parity to internal combustion engines and coming in within that 18- to 24-month period. That being said, it’s pretty clear and our projections would show that LFP for lower energy density for lower-range vehicles, lower-cost vehicles is going to remain a segment of this market, not only now, but through this 10-year period. And it’s a double-digit percentage over that period of time, a low double-digit percentage but a double-digit percentage of the market. But most of the growth will be hydroxide.
Christopher Parkinson: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Yefremov with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Alex Yefremov: Thank you. Good morning everyone. I think as I look at your pricing guidance for lithium segment, it was a very strong. If I even assume some level of cost inflation, that cost number to get to your EBITDA and EPS guidance ends up being very high based on my model, at least, maybe as high as 40% or more per ton. Is there anything else beyond the spodumene and Talison dynamics that you already described in terms of cost that we should keep in mind for 2022?
Kent Masters: So, I mean, I think you have to appreciate we’re bringing on new plants. And when we bring them on, they’re not loaded, right? So there’s a lot of – we’re doing multiple facilities doing that. So there’s high fixed costs associated that with lower volumes. But other than that, I mean, the pricing movements are pretty aggressive and pretty consistent. We’ve moved our portfolio quite a bit. We’ve been talking about that, and we’ve more or less done that. So, we’re more exposed to the market than we have been in the past. But I think you have to keep in mind that fixed cost piece about bringing on new facilities that are not loaded.
Alex Yefremov: Okay. Appreciate it. And then I wanted to follow-up on the pricing side. I guess, given approximately 50% of your volume have these indices, would any of these indices reset during the year? And could you end up above the 45% sort of upper bound of your lithium guidance – price guidance?
Eric Norris: It’s Eric. I can answer that. It’s – they are all based on indices that continue to move. The recent movement has been upward in the past three months. Again, sort of the tip of the spear being China prices, which are significantly higher. Where the market goes long-term, we don’t know. If there is a downward sort of correction in China prices, that will hit the China spot volumes we have. If however the spot – these indices for the large part of our business is variable fixed ceiling floor, those are well below those spot prices. It’s very hard to say. If the prices remain high, we could definitely be to the higher end of our range on price. And I think – I mean, I think part of your question was about are they fixed through the year. So they aren’t. Those – that move of the market can move during the year.
Alex Yefremov: Understand. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Richardson with Evercore. Your line is open.
Steve Richardson: Hi, good morning. I was wondering, again, just back on the capital piece. Scott, could you give us any more color just in terms of how much is cost inflation versus pull-forward? I appreciate that you kind of addressed this a little bit earlier, but it is something that continues to come up in our conversations and would be helpful. And then on the cost piece, just on the previous question, I appreciate that you’re dealing with a lot of fixed costs in terms of some of these new project starts. But could you maybe tease out, at least in terms of your unit cost, how much is process-related in terms of just general costs associated with the process versus what you’re seeing in terms of this mismatch between volumes and fixed cost versus variable?
Kent Masters: Yes. So let me take the first part of your question, Scott, and then I’ll kick over to Scott to talk about the margin piece and the conversion costs. So looking at the change in our capital forecast, it’s at least half acceleration. I mean there is – I mean we have had additional cost executing projects in Western Australia during the pandemic has been a challenge for us, and we’ve had additional costs as well as extending the projects on that. And we also see inflation impacting the projects that we’re kicking off now that we didn’t see a year ago. So it’s probably – how accurate we can be around that, but it’s probably half acceleration and half additional costs associated with inflation and pandemic cost. And Scott, I’ll kick to you for the margin question.
Scott Tozier: Hi, Steve, as you look at the lithium margins going into this year, the two factors are these plant start-ups and not being at full capacity. And that’s probably $100 million drag in the year, somewhere in that range. And then the impact of the spodumene prices going up and changing the dynamic between cost of sales, so increasing our cost of sales but also increasing our equity income on an after-tax basis, that’s probably north of $200 million. So those are the two biggest kind of movers as you look at the lithium margin.
Steve Richardson: Great. Thanks. I appreciate the additional clarity. And one follow-up, if I may, just for Eric, on the lithium outlook on the demand side. The $1.5 billion number is obviously huge relative to where the market had been, and I see the logic on the demand side. Can you address your view, like the industry’s ability to hit this from a supply perspective and at least how does this play out? Do we just end up seeing ever higher incentive price to bring marginal projects to bear? Or do we have a limiting factor here in terms of the supply side’s ability to hit that number? And certainly, the $3 million in 2030 is a huge number as well.
Eric Norris: Okay. I would say, Steve, that it’s going to take – it’s a hard run, right? It’s going to take everybody being ourselves and our competition being successful at hitting their milestones in order to provide that to meet that supply. So it’s an all-out effort to get there. So I don’t want to sugarcoat it. It’s – I think it’s the reason the industry is so tight is because there’s a view it takes a while and it’s – and it doesn’t go as it’s – always as expected. In terms of price, I don’t have a crystal ball. I don’t – I never would have predicted a $65 carbonate price. So I don’t know how to think about where that would go in the future. It does reflect that hard slog I just referred to, I think, that everybody’s got to step up and execute well in order to meet that demand.
Steve Richardson: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson: Hi, good morning everyone. Some years ago, you guys had talked about kind of a 40% EBITDA margin for lithium as kind of being what I think you make it over the course of the cycle. We’re now at 34%, 35% range over the last three years to much different pricing scenarios every year. And you talk about now fully loaded plants and how that may affect margin. You’re going to be, of course, ramping on plants indefinitely or for a long time. So should we be thinking about this as the right cost base going forward, this margin as the right kind of base going forward for lithium?
Kent Masters: I think what we’ve said in the past in the long term is we stand by that. So I think we’ve got one of the things you have to understand is as spodumene prices go up, that impacts our EBITDA margin because of the nature of the JV. So EBITDA effectively becomes tax-affected to some degree because of the product we purchased from Talison. And that will – and that won’t be different with MARBL going forward. So that has an impact on the pure EBITDA margin, but it still flows through the P&L once you get fully to the bottom line. So I think to kind of answer your question, we still stand by the guidance that we’ve provided in the long term. We still think it’s in that range.
Joel Jackson: The next question is, it’s great to have a 3 million-ton demand forecast for lithium for 2030. But let’s be honest, we’re never going to get there. There’s not supply out there. Even if there’s supply, we’re not going to get there in eight years for 3 million tons, right? You’ve got to have new resources, you got to have new technology, DLE whatever. You have to have lots of assets that aren’t producing now in lots of strange places, new feedstocks. So we’re never going to get to 3 million tons. Would you agree with that? And if that’s the case, what’s going to happen? So does that mean the EV acceleration has got to come down, OEMs have to change your plan? Or do I have it wrong?
Kent Masters: Eric said it before, that it’s a slog, but it’s doable. I think the industry has to be aggressive and has to execute well. And I think you’re seeing and some of that – that we’re getting through some of those growing pains. We think we’re probably as experienced as anyone at doing these large conversion facilities and bringing on new resources. But it’s a combination of resource and conversion capacity. It is a stretch, but – and it does require some new technology and operating in some places where historically, the lithium industry hasn’t done that, but it’s not impossible.
Joel Jackson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning everyone. Kent, just wondering if you could mark the, the Wave III total CapEx for us. I think you originally said it at $1.5 billion, and I think you mentioned half of the increase for 2022 was related to inflation. But it seems like maybe some of that was transitory if COVID indeed calms down. So how would you tell us to think about Wave III now versus the original $1.5 billion?
Kent Masters: Yes. Well, it’s – I mean it has stretched a little bit because we’ve accelerated and we’ve had inflation. So that inflation is – if it goes away in three years doesn’t matter because we’re building the projects in the next couple of years. So there is some impact on that. So it’s – we’ve accelerated because there’s additional capacity associated with that. So that is half of the difference and the other half is inflationary. So it’s – you got to add that on. And that – and even if it goes away, I mean, we’re not going to be necessarily in Western Australia, but there’s still going to be – and we see – our forecasting says inflation in the capital equipment that we’re buying in the next year and two.
Vincent Andrews: So if we thought of something like it was going to be like a $1.8 billion to $2 billion now instead of $1.5 billion, is that good for a ballpark number?
Kent Masters: Yes. I think I want to start estimating what the projects are going to turn out to be. But it’s up definitely from $1.5 billion. Part of that is the acceleration. So I’m kind of focused on the inflation part. But overall, that’s probably not a bad estimate.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thank you. And just on the Salar de Atacama technology projects, can you just talk to us about what milestones are left to hit on that so that you’d be confident that you’ll be able to execute it?
Kent Masters: Yes. So we’re just getting going into the real execution phase of that particular project, but I don’t know that – it’s not as complicated a project as a conversion facility. So I think we feel pretty good about executing on that. We are – we’ve lost a little bit of the float we had in the schedule, but that’s it. We’re still on plan and on the schedule that we had, but we have lost a little bit of the contingency from a time standpoint that we originally had built in.
Vincent Andrews: Okay, very good. Thank you. Appreciate the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. A couple of questions on your catalyst business. First, I think you had announced some price increases in early January. Can you talk about the magnitude and the flow-through with regard to realization of those increases? And also related to catalysts, any update on your level of confidence with regard to the ongoing strategic review?
Kent Masters: Sorry, Raphael. Let me touch on the strategic review and then let you talk about pricing. So I mean we’re going through that process, and it’s going well. The timing we had said, we think we’ll have an answer by middle of the year. And I don’t really want to front-run it or comment too much on it beyond that. Raphael?
Raphael Crawford: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Kent. Kevin, as we – as you saw, we announced a price increase in January. That’s really to help offset the inflation that we’ve seen starting in the second half of 2021 into this year, particularly around natural gas. So that’s building momentum. So I think we’ll see north of $10 million worth of pricing in our forecast. Again, that’s really to offset what we’ve seen on raw materials. As you know, Kevin, we are – we produce performance products. So we create a lot of value for our customers. We think our pricing is justified. It’s mostly around FCC catalyst where we’re in a near sold-out position right now. All that being said, we’ve got a lot of confidence in what we shared as our long-term forecast for the business at Investor Day. We think some of the raw material headwinds will be covered with price over time, and we’ll be on track to deliver what we said.
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you for that. And then second, Kent, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks you’ve begun to build some relationships with the incoming administration in Chile. Can you talk through what has changed in that country, I suppose politically, but also there’s an ongoing effort to rewrite the constitution. What in your mind will be fixed or remain the same? What are you watching in terms of potential changes? And how are you thinking about it in terms of capital allocation moving forward beyond La Negra III in country versus alternatives you may have in Australia, China, U.S. or other countries?
Kent Masters: Okay. So – yes, so there’s a lot going on in Chile. And new administration is not really in place. And we’re trying to build our relationships out in front of that with our local team there. But there have been discussions going on about rewriting the constitution and all of them. The mining royalties across multiple industries have been – those discussions have been happening for the last six months, if not a year. So there’s been a lot of discussion. So we’re trying to build relationships with the new government, stay close to it. We don’t anticipate a wholesale change in the direction that the government goes with respect to extractive industries, but we do think there’ll be changes. Most of that is going to be as you look forward as opposed to on existing, on existing businesses, particularly around lithium. So we don’t see a wholesale change in the way that lithium is – the existing business is done in Chile or our royalties that we pay. As an example, we think they’re very progressive, probably the highest in the world on lithium for sure and probably even in extractive industry. And we think that, that will hold and maybe become an example for some of the other resource-based industries in Chile. So we’re pretty optimistic about our position in Chile. From a capital allocation standpoint, I mean, we have – we’re spending money now there on the Salar Yield project. We’ve got the La Negra III and IV project is really done, and we’re in the process of ramping that up. So we won’t really need to make a capital allocation decision vis-à-vis Chile for a while. So we’ll have a much better view of what’s happening in Chile and what the new administration, the direction that they’re going and what the rules of the road are before we have to make a significant capital allocation decision there.
Kevin McCarthy: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our final question comes from Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital Market. Your line is open.
Chris Kapsch: Good morning. Thank you. So slightly more nuanced follow-up on the pricing and then also the security of supply concept, something that Eric mentioned a couple of times. So obviously, it’s an increasingly important theme, I think. And this is really juxtaposed against these new demand scenarios that you put out this morning, the 1.5 million and the 3 million ton demand scenarios by 2025 and 2030. So at your Analyst Day in September, you talked about just how the industry’s demand – or sorry, cost curve will be steepening. And even your own portfolio, I would say it’s – you’re going to experience that. But as you ramp Wave III, even pulling forward the 50,000 metric tons, you’re talking about 200,000 metric tons. That’s only 20% of the increased industry demand from now to 2025, it looks like. So in terms of security of supply, we think these customers are just increasingly concerned about their ability to source lithium at reasonable prices. So my question really is, are they coming to a big and well-established and reliable integrated supplier like Albemarle and saying like, the pendulum swinging back towards this concept of being willing to pay higher fixed costs in order to ensure that supply. I know you’ve gone from sort of those floor pricing contracts to more of a variable structure. But I would think, given how acute this potential shortage is shaping up to be that they’d be more motivated to do that. And is that something you’re considering? Just wondering kind of – I was kind of asking a couple of other as in different ways. But it just seems like there’s – this is going to be a tough scenario, and the only answer is going to be for higher prices to induce more supply. Anyway, any more color around that would be appreciated. Thanks.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I’m going to take the first shot of that. And Eric, you can fill in if I miss some of the key points. But I guess the first thing is security of supply has always been a key part of our value proposition. And in our view, we – it didn’t get the attention that we thought it deserved in the past. We’ve always built on having multiple resources, different locations, diversification in our supply base and the security of supply. Albemarle has a portfolio that is unlike anyone else in the industry. And that’s from both a conversion, geopolitical resource, cost base, brine, rock everything. So that said, it is getting more attention. And I think the OEMs and the battery manufacturers, but probably the OEMs more than anything else, are paying more attention to that. They’re seeing that there may be a structural deficit or at least they want to make sure they align with the most reliable players. And we’re having conversations with different people. They’re just conversations about different pricing structures. In the industry, we’ve shifted our – the portfolio shift that we’ve done now is really something we started a couple of years ago, put it on hold when prices went so low because we didn’t want to renegotiate contracts at a trough. But we’ve been able to do that now, and that will probably continue to evolve. The structure that we have now is probably not the one that lasts for the balance of the industry. So I suspect there are changes in those structures to come and a lot of it will be based on security of supply and quality and the ability to bring on projects and deliver what you say you’re going to do.
Chris Kapsch: And I just have one follow-up. The – just on – I don’t know if, Eric, you want to add to that. But also just on your decision to sell spodumene, because I thought that you had explained in the past that, that would be for captive conversion to hydroxide, but now you’ve elected to, it sounds like, opportunistically, sell some of the spodumene into the market. Thanks.
Kent Masters: Yes. I wouldn’t read into that, that that’s a change in our strategy. It was opportunistic, and it was a product that we had sitting in inventory that had – was made several years ago and had just been sitting. And we took the opportunity to sell that into the market because there was just an opportunity, and we took advantage of it. It’s just opportunistic. You shouldn’t read into that, that we’ve changed our view on selling spodumene in the market.
Operator: That’s all the time we have scheduled for today’s call. I’d like to turn the call back over to Kent Masters for closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for your participation on our call today. Our successes in 2021 have positioned us well to capitalize on the strength in the markets that we serve. And this coming year is about execution. I’m confident in our team’s ability to drive value for all of our stakeholders by accelerating the growth of our business in a sustainable way and to lead the industry by example. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q3 2021 Albemarle Corporation earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Burke, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
David Burke: Thank you, and welcome to Albemarle's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after close of market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation, and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www. albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, our Chief Executive Officer, and Scott Tozier, our Chief Financial Officer. Raphael Crawford, President of Catalysts, Netha Johnson, President Bromine Specialties, and Eric Norris, President of Lithium, are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including our outlet guidance, expected Company performance, and timing of expansion projects may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities law.  Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation. Same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures, A reconciliation to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thanks David, and thank you all for joining us today. On today's call, I will highlight our quarterly results, provide an update on our goals for 2021 and discuss the progress of our ongoing expansion plans. Scott will provide more detail on our results, outlook, and guidance. We reported another solid quarter with net sales of $831 million and adjusted EBITDA of $218 million. Sales improved by 11% on a year-over-year basis, while adjusted EBITDA was relatively flat compared to the third quarter last year. Excluding SCS from our third quarter 2020 results our net sales were 19% higher, and EBITDA was up 14%. Scott will get into more detail on our financials in a few minutes, including favorable revisions to our guidance. As we stated in our earnings release this morning, we increased our guidance based on the third quarter results. During our recent investor day, we did a deep dive into our accelerated growth strategy and provided color on how we think about the near-term expansion of our Lithium business, as well as our disciplined investment approach.  Since that event in early September, we are pleased to have announced several updates on those efforts. This includes signing an agreement to acquire Guangxi Tianyuan New Energy Materials or Tian Yon, which owns a recently built conversion plant near Qinzhou. We are totaling to ensure the plant operates as advertised and expect to close this transaction in the first quarter of next year. This puts us on track for first sales from this plant in the first half of next year. In addition to this plant, we have signed two recent agreements for investments in China to support 2 Greenfield projects. Each initially targeting 50,000 metric tons per year. These projects position us for initial added conversion capacity, up of up to 150,000 metric tons of lithium hydroxide on an annual basis to meet our customer's growing demands. In addition, our Marble joint venture announced the restart of the Wodgina lithium mine in Western Australia. On Slide 5, you will see the objectives we set for 2021.  When we set these goals, we did so with the intent of challenging ourselves with plans that were aggressive, but achievable. As we approach the end of the year, I'm excited by the significant progress and proud of the effort our team has put into achieving these goals. As you see on the slide, we have accomplished the vast majority of what we set out to do. For example, we are successfully progressing high-return, fast-payback roaming projects at both Magnolia and JBC. These projects will increase our capacity and improve the efficiencies of our operations. We've also made significant progress on our lithium growth projects. Now let's turn to slide 6. First at La Negra 3 and 4, our team continues to execute the plan.  I'm excited to announce that we recently completed a major milestone by achieving first lithium carbonate production in late October. Initial production volumes will be used to qualify the plant and the material with our customers to ensure we are meeting their requirements. This qualification process is proceeding on track with first sales expected in the first half of next year. In Western Australia, the ongoing labor shortages and pandemic related travel restrictions, have continued to significantly impact virtually all companies in that region and showed no signs of easing in the near-term. Despite these efforts and with herculean efforts, our team has managed to hold Kemerton 1 construction completion to year-end 2021. We now expect Kemerton 2 construction completion in the second half of 2022.  While we are facing challenges at these projects, our strategy to consolidate resources and prioritize the first train continues to mitigate additional risks. On Slide 7, I'll highlight the progress we've made on our Wave 3 program since we last spoke to you at our Investor Day. At the end of September, we announced an agreement to acquire Tianyuan for $200 million, including a recently built conversion plant near the port of Qinzhou, designed to produce up to 25,000 metric tons of lithium per year, with the potential to expand to 50,000 metric tons per year. We expect this acquisition to follow a similar path as our acquisitions of Xinyu and Chengdu facilities back in 2016. Following the close of the transaction, which is expected in the first quarter of next year, we plan to make additional investments to bring Qinzhou plant to Albemarle standards and ramp to initial production of 25,000 metric tons.  This acquisition enables us to accelerate conversion capacity growth and leverage our world-class resource space. Together with our partner, we agreed to restart operations at the Wodgina Lithium Mine in Western Australia. Initially, Wodgina will begin 1 of 3 processing lines, each of which can produce up to 250,000 metric tons of lithium spodumene concentrate. This resource will be critical as we ramp our conversion capacity in Western Australia with our Kemerton sites. We also signed agreements to invest in 2 Greenfield conversion sites in China at Zhangjiagang and Meishan. We plan to build identical conversion plants with initial target production of 50,000 metric tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide at each site. These investments offer additional optionality for future growth and have expansion potential.  Investing in China offers capital efficient, high return growth with proximity to our low cost Australian spodumene resources and many of our major cathode and battery customers. We continue to explore global expansion of our conversion capacity as the battery supply chain shifts west. Turning to Slide 8 for a review of our global project pipeline. As you can see, Albemarle is executing a robust pipeline of projects all around the world. For example, our Bromine business is pursuing incremental expansions in Jordan and the U.S.. These high return projects leverage our low-cost resources and technical know-how to support customers and growing and diverse markets, like electronics, telecom, and automotive. In Chile, the Salar Yield Improvement Project allows us to increase lithium production without increasing our brine pumping rates, utilizing a proprietary technology to improve efficiency and sustainability.  In Australia, we continue to progress study work on additional Kemerton expansions to leverage greater scale and efficiency with repeatable designs. Finally, in the U.S., we are expanding our Silver Peak facility in the Nevada to double Lithium carbonate production. This is the first of several options to expand local U.S. production. In Kings Mountain, North Carolina, we continue to evaluate restarting our mine. And that our Bromine facility in Magnolia, Arkansas, we're evaluating the process technologies to leverage our [Indiscernible] to extract lithium. We'll continue to update you periodically on our pipeline. I hope this gives you a sense of the diversity and optionality Albemarle has as a global lithium producer. I'll now turn the call over to Scott for a look at the financials.
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Kent, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 9. During the third quarter, we generated net sales of $831 million, an 11% increase from the same period last year. This improvement was driven by strong sales for our lithium and bromine segments. Adjusted EBITDA was essentially flat on a year-over-year basis, resulting from the sale of FCS and increased freight and raw material costs. The GAAP net loss of $393 million includes a $505 million after-tax charge related to the recently announced Huntsman arbitration decision. While we continue to assess our legal options. We have also initiated discussions with Huntsman regarding a potential resolution. Excluding this charge, adjusted EPS was a $1.05 for the quarter, down 4% from the prior year. Now, let's turn to Slide 10 for a look at adjusted EBITDA by business.  Third quarter adjusted EBITDA of $218 million increased by 14% or $27 million compared to the prior year, excluding the sale of SCS. The higher adjusted EBITDA for Lithium and Bromine was partially offset by $13.5 million out-of-period adjustment regarding inventory valuation in our international locations impacting all three GBUs. Lithium's adjusted EBITDA increased by $25 million year-over-year, excluding foreign exchange. We were able to offset the limited impact of a 1-month strike in the Salar in Chile, thanks to higher tolling volumes and higher spodumene shipments from our Talison joint venture. Adjusted EBITDA for bromine increased by $5 million dollars compared to the prior year due to higher pricing, partially offset by increased freight and raw material costs. Volumes were flat, given the chlorine constraints in the quarter. In Catalysts, adjusted EBITDA declined $4 million from the previous year.  This was due to lower sales and cost pressures, partially offset by higher-than-expected joint venture income, which included a favorable tax settlement in Brazil. Slide 11 highlights the Company's financial strength. That is key to our ability to execute our growth plans over the coming years. Our net debt to EBITDA at the end of the quarter was 1.7 times as below our targeted long-term range of 2 to 2.5 times. This provides us with capacity to fund growth while supporting modest dividend increases. We don't expect the recent arbitration decision to impact our current growth plans. But it could temporarily reduce our flexibility to take advantage of upside growth opportunities.  Turning to Slide 12, I'll walk you through the updates to our guidance that Kent mentioned earlier. Higher full-year 2021 net sales and adjusted EBITDA guidance reflects our strong third quarter performance. Net cash from operations guidance is unchanged due to the timing of shipments to customers and increased raw materials and inventory costs. Capital expenditures were revised higher, related to the continuing tight labor markets and COVID related travel restrictions in Western Australia, as well as accelerated investments in growth. Turning to slide 13 for more detailed outlook on each of the GBUs, lithium's full-year 2021 adjusted EBITDA is now expected to grow in the mid-to-high teens year-over-year. That's up from our previous guidance due to higher volumes and pricing. The volume growth is driven primarily by tolling. And our full-year average realized pricing is now expected to be flat to slightly higher compared to 2020.  As a reminder, most of our Battery-grade lithium sales are on long-term contracts with structured pricing mechanisms that are partially exposed to the market. We also benefit from stronger market pricing on shorter-term technical grade sales and on spot and tolling sales of battery-grade lithium. Full-year 2021 average margins are expected to remain below 35% due to higher cost related to the project startups and tolling partially offset by productivity improvements. Bromine 's full-year 2021 adjusted EBITDA growth is now expected to be in the low double-digits. That's also up from previous guidance due to the continued strength in demand and pricing for flame retardants. Our bromine volumes remain constrained due to sold-out conditions and a lack of inventory.  The outlook for chlorine availability has improved since last quarter, but the market remains tight. And the impact of higher chlorine pricing is expected to be felt more in 2022 than in 2021 due to the timing of inventory changes and shipments. Year-to-date, higher bromine pricing has mostly offset higher raw material and freight costs. Catalyst full-year 2021 EBITDA is now expected to decline between 20% and 25%. That's also an improvement from our previous guidance, owing to the higher-than-expected joint venture income. The year-over-year decline in adjusted EBITDA is primarily due to the impact of the U.S. Gulf Coast winter storm in -- earlier in the year, product mix and the previously disclosed change in our customer's order patterns. Catalysts fourth-quarter margins will also be impacted by product mix, including a greater proportion of lower margin FCC and CFT [Indiscernible] orders. SCS demand continues to improve with increasing global fuel demand while HPC orders continue to be delayed.  Overall, market conditions are improving, but volumes in Catalysts are not expected to return to pre -pandemic levels until late 2022 or 2023. In total, we expect EBITDA margins to be lower in the fourth quarter due to higher raw materials, energy, and freight costs across all three of our businesses. We are closely watching several key risk factors, including global supply chain disruptions, global impacts of the energy rationing in China and chip shortages. Supply chain and logistics challenges are the most immediate. Our teams are working day and night to navigate these port issues, the lack of drivers, and upstream supply disruptions to ensure our customers get their orders on time. We also continued to monitor the global situation with regard to chip shortages. We recognize that the auto industry has been struggling with those shortages. But to-date, we have not seen a direct impact on either our lithium or bromine orders. And with that, I'll hand it back to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Scott. I'll end our prepared remarks on Slide 14. As Scott mentioned, we are disappointed by the outcome of the Huntsman arbitration decision. But regardless of the ultimate outcome of that dispute, Albemarle will continue to focus on the execution of our growth strategy. As we highlighted during our Investor Day in September, we have a well thought out and focused operating model that we are implementing across our businesses. This model, the Albemarle way of excellence, provides us with a framework to execute our objectives effectively and efficiently, and will help us to remain on target as we pursue the significant growth opportunities ahead. And as we pursue these opportunities, we will be disciplined in our approach to capital allocation.  Our primary capital priority is accelerating high return growth. This means that we will invest not just to get bigger, but to create tangible shareholder value and maintain financial flexibility to take advantage of future opportunities. Utilizing this approach with our low cost resources, we believe our annual adjusted EBITDA will triple by 2026. Finally, at the core of all of this is sustainability. As 1 of the world's largest lithium producers and innovators, we were able to work closely with our customers to create value and drive better sustainability outcomes for all stakeholders. With that, I'd like to open the call for questions. I'll hand over to the Operator.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And at this time, ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question during this time, [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS.
Matthew Konosky: Morning, this is Matt Gawronski (ph) on for John. In the past, you mentioned that Kemerton maybe able to ramp the 40% to 50% of capacity in a year following its commissioning and qualification process. Is this still the case for that first line that's supposed to be done with construction at the end of this year? Or is it going to take some additional time due to the constraints going on right now?
Kent Masters: So after that I think we got to get through mechanical completion then we've got the commissioning qualification. So -- and then I think what we've said is after that and that's about a 6-month process. Then after that, we think we would be able to ramp to maybe 50% in the first 12 months. That's probably a little aggressive, but that -- that's what we're targeting. And then, I think the labor and all those issues are primarily around construction. We've got operators in -- staffed and onboard, and they're helping with commissioning so, I mean, the labor market is going to be tied, and we'll -- we may fight to keep the ones we want, I'm not sure, but the real labor issue is around construction.
Matthew Konosky: Thank you. And then, Scott, you mentioned the HUN arbitration issue could impact your ability to opportunistically take hold of growth opportunities. Is that organic or just inorganic opportunities?
Scott Tozier: Yeah, I think it's really more -- truly 2. I think partly on the organic side, it's our ability to accelerate or further accelerate our projects. We'll be able to do some of it, but clearly, it's a big drag. And then the second is, any sort of larger type of inorganic would be -- would need some sort of more creative type of financing to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Kent Masters: Good morning.
P.J. Juvekar: So now that you expect lithium prices to be flat to up for this year and sort of down, are you -- must be expecting price gain in 4Q that are well into double-digits. Can you comment on that? And then, even as you look forward into next year, what percent of your contracts will be renewed next year? And do you have any early look into negotiations? Thank you.
Eric Norris: So P.J., good morning, it's Eric. I want to make sure I understand your first question. Your first question was, would they be double-digit in Q4, is that what you said?
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. As well into double-digits for Q4 for your pricing.
Eric Norris: The way to think about pricing is and the flat-to-down comment is that it's progressive throughout the year. Prices were at their lowest point late last year and early this year and have been gradually rising as we've gone through the year due to 2 factors, 1 is the exploration and the concession we gave against a fixed priced long-term agreement. And the second would be just the movement of spot prices for that portion of our business is exposed to that -- those markets, which I'm sure you're aware, know. Those price has gone up significantly and throughout the course of the year. So as the guidance we've given, that Scott gave at Investor Day for next year, was at least 15% to 20% year-on-year increase for 2022 versus 2021. And certainly, that's a progressive trend. So you could certainly see those kinds of increases starting to happen in Q4 versus a year ago.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay, great. And then on marble, you're restarting one of the 3 lines. Rock prices have skyrocketed, so why just 1 line? And then where would you concentrate that rock? Would that be at [Indiscernible]? Would that be in China? Can you just talk about that?
Kent Masters: Yeah. So the -- P.J., it's Kent, so I think we're going to get started on one and we'll ramp other facilities over time, but it's really our capacity to convert. So we're not really mining rock to sell spodumene into the market, we're mining rock to convert spodumene into finished products. And we'll do that at Kemerton. Initially -- I mean, I guess we haven't worked out exactly what the logistics are. So that product may go to China and other products go to Kemerton. So we just have to balance our sourcing of facilities, but that's the next tranche of our product in that part of the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. First, on the bromine pricing, can you discuss how much of that you feel was transitory versus sustainable given the demand trends you're seeing? And can you give any sense of the magnitude of the chlorine headwind for this year, so that we have some better context for the larger-than-this-year headwind next year?
Raphael Crawford: I think, in terms of the pricing, we could probably figure most of that is transitory. It's based on the raw materials pricing that we pay and in the ability for us to absorb that and managed as we price forward. And in terms of the chlorine impact, it's more of a timing issue. We're going to get more chlorine next year, probably a different price than we're going to get this year. So you'll see that really impact us starting woefully in Q1 next year throughout the year.
Laurence Alexander: And then with Catalysts, the recovery next year, how much of your -- should that be lighting or coincident with production ramp-ups at the refineries?
Raphael Crawford: Hey, Lawrence, this is Raphael. The FCC business is very ratable to miles driven and that correlates to refining output. So I think FCC as is mentioned, sequentially continues to improve from a volume standpoint. So that one you would see first and there's usually a lag on hydroprocessing, which is 12 to 18-month lag. As conditions improve in refineries to get more capital availability and then reinvest in change outs for HPC. So that has more of the lag effect. But overall, at [Indiscernible] we see sequential improvement, we see refining conditions improving. We're very tied to that with our performance products, so we see that as a favorable outlook going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Mike Harris: Yeah, this is actually Mike Harris sitting in for Bob. If I could, might ask a question around the Lithium business, looking at the energy storage related sales, why is there a potential 1 to 2 quarter lag behind the EV production versus those sales actually, maybe leading?
Eric Norris: Yes, Mike, it's Eric here. It's simply a factor of the length of the supply chain. Lithium is consumed in the cathode material, which then is formulated into -- an electrode that's put into a battery. The battery is then assembled and then put into an ED car so that it's just the length of time that takes and the geographies involved. Most of the cathode -- nearly all the cathode production and a good amount of the battery production still is in Asia. And of course cars are produced various points around the world. So it's just the length of the supply chain. We are -- we see that lag, but recall we're well-positioned, we're able to supply anywhere in the world. So we look -- we are well-positioned to grow with the industry, but that lag is likely to remain there, given the length of the supply chain.
Mike Harris: Got it. Okay. That helps. And then also, just as a follow-up, when I think about lithium recycling, can you give me an idea of what kind of assumptions you guys have made around recycling and perhaps the potential impact on your business, if any at all?
Eric Norris: Recycling is a phenomenon that follows the end of life of batteries and further still want to have to factor in potential reuse of batteries. And given the 10-year life-cycle that is warranted on most batteries produced for automotive production. That's the kind of lag you're looking at. So batteries being produced today wouldn't even be considered for recycle until ten years from now. When we look at that, that means that we see recycling becoming important as the decade wears on. But still, by the middle of the decade being fairly small amount of lithium needed in the supply chain and maybe reaching a double-digit amount of a low double-digit amount of possible coming back into the stream by 2030.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Huang: Hi there. This is David Huang here for Dave. I guess, 1st, can you talk about your feedstock [Indiscernible] strategy for that 150K ton of lithium hydroxide capacity you're adding in China?
Raphael Crawford: I'm sorry. So that was the feed-stock strategy for the 150 new projects in China?
David Huang: Yes.
Raphael Crawford: So they'll be said with our [Indiscernible] coming out of Australia.
David Huang: Okay. And then secondly, are there any incremental headwinds or tailwinds to your 2022 guidance you provided, I mean, [Indiscernible], especially for a [Indiscernible] or do you still standby those guidance?
Raphael Crawford: Yes. We haven't updated our guidance since the Investor Day. So we're going through our annual operating plan process right now. In fact, next meeting is next week and we'll give you a more definitive guidance in our fourth quarter earnings call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.
Female_1: Hi, this is Bremer (ph) [Indiscernible] of Joel, thanks for taking my question. Just back on the pricing discussions in 2022, can you just give us a little bit more color on how the discussions with your lithium contract listeners are going? And then, are pricing mechanisms going to be similar in '22 to '21 or is there a move more to benchmark pricing?
Eric Norris: So the -- generally speaking, Bravey (ph), the discussions we're having with our customers are for price increase next year per -- and that aligns with the guidance I gave you in the remarks just a few moments ago. We have a book of contracts we've had under our basket, I should say, for some years now. Those are going back either to -- well, those are -- the fixed portion of those contracts are going back to the original long-term agreement, which is significantly higher in some cases than the average price that we're seeing for 2021. And then there is many of those contracts have a variable component and there is no one contract that looks exactly like the other, but that variable component can. We will also see increases. Some of those variable components are tied to indices. Others are just an annual increase nomination that's possible, a max increase nomination.  And then finally, we have a good deal of technical-grade contracts where we'll see rising prices based upon an adjustment to what -- the rises we've seen this year, as we roll into next year. The last piece would be our China spot business. And that -- hard to say that we'd see a pretty big increase on that next year because prices are already extraordinarily high in China right now. But we'll continue to see possibly some upside on a year-over-year basis, particularly in the early part of the year, next year on that. So those are all the components that are driving our increase and types of discussions we're having with our customers which will give us nice leverage, upside leverage to the improving market conditions.
Female_1: Okay, that's certainly helpful. Thank you. And then I guess just like given the large upswing in LFP demand in recent tests of commentary, with that background, I just want to understand how you're thinking about investments into carbonate versus hydroxide. It seems your incremental investments are mostly focused on hydroxide currently.
Eric Norris: We see -- we monitor this very closely, we have a lot of analytics and customer dialogues up and down the supply chain from OEMs all way that back through the battery and cathode producers to assess those trends. What we believed and has been confirmed in our discussions with customers is while there is an uptake in LFP demand, there has also been an uptake in vehicle production outlook as well for electric vehicles. And where LFP is occupying a sweet spot is in the lower cost range, lower costs and lower driving range portion of the vehicle mix. For some automotive producers that will be a larger percentage of their mix than others.  Bottom line, we see strong growth in both of those products, albeit we see still pretty -- the growth rate in hydroxide will be higher over the coming 5 years. And hence, we feel we're extremely well-positioned. We're bringing on 40,000 tons of carbonate capacity as we speak. And we have the hydroxide expansion strategy in addition to the Kemerton ramp that they can't earlier describe and feel we're well-positioned to meet both LFP demand and rising high - nickel demand for cathodes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. You've described your lithium prices as perhaps being up 15% to 20% or more next year. Is the 15% to 20% representative, given market conditions, could it be up 30?
Scott Tozier: Well, I think it depends, as you might think, Jeff, on [Indiscernible] conditions. There's a portion of our business that is exposed to market -- pure market conditions. The majority of our business, even while there is on these long-term contracts, there's a variable component that the anchor around that is going to be around the fixed price, which is also going up because of the exploration of the concessions we gave. So at this point, it's probably too early to say what we think about price above 15% to 20%, because our guidance was at least 15% to 20%,
Eric Norris: Right.
Scott Tozier: So we'll have to provide you as the quarter wears on and the discussions continue that guidance as we get into the February call -- earnings call that we'll have in February.
Eric Norris: Okay. Then for my follow-up, when I look at quoted bromine prices in China, maybe since August, they're up 60%, something like that. Is that a representative price for what's going on in the market or it's not a representative price? Can you speak to bromine pricing in Asia and where it's been and where you see it going? What's driving it?
Netha Johnson: Yeah, Jeff, this is Netha. That's a reflection of a couple of things. First of all, demand is up, clearly across the market, and raw material pricing are up to produce brominated products that are being required. So what you're seeing is that's what's driving an enormous amount of price increase in the Chinese spot price.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Kallo with Baird.
Ben Kallo: Thank you guys, and good morning. One of the things that we are thinking about is -- I love to hear your perspective with materials maybe being a bottleneck for EV production sales. If that's -- how you guys view that as a risk? Just overall -- meaning, is there enough lithium reserve, enough copper reserve, enough nickel? And then, how are customers, I guess, approaching you [Indiscernible] and your competitors for security in the supply chain. Does that -- does your scale and your diversity of your resources give you an advantage there over other people [Indiscernible] Will be more [Indiscernible] wrap up. Thank you.
Kent Masters: We talked a little bit about lithium, so copper, nickel, I don't know that we will want to weigh in on that, but we just talk -- I'll make a few comments, and then Eric can add some detail to it, but we 're investing heavily to keep up with that demand and maintain our share, which has been our strategy. And so we're investing along with our customers and security supply has always been a key part of the value proposition from Albemarle to their customers. And particularly around lithium. As you mentioned, the diversity of resources, the diversity of locations where we produce, and the -- we have carbonate and we have hydroxide today, and then we'll continue to evolve those chemistries as the market shift over time. So I think the network that we build is really a lot of that is focused around security of supply, and part of the key value proposition that we talk about constantly with our customers.
Eric Norris: Then I'll just add on the lithium side of material risks. There's enough material, there's enough lithium out there. The issue is the investment required to get there and the fact that it's going to be at a higher costs. The cross curve is upward sloping as you go to lower quality lithium resources that are out there. The discussions we're having with our customers are ones of deep desire for commitment and partnership. That's both the existing ones we've had, and as we bring on new capacity, new ones that we would look to target. And that's at various points in the value chain, but I would tell you that the most significant and urgent discussions around security are the closer you get to the automotive OEM. And so I think our track record of executing gives us that advantage for sure. And I think that's where the discussions land as us being sort of a base load partner for many of these automotive and battery firms. So I do think that's an advantage we have for sure.
Ben Kallo: Thank you, guys. It's about to get too ahead ourselves here, but are you at a point that you are allocating to customers? So you're picking your customers more than they are picking you or is it not like that? And thanks, guys.
Eric Norris: So I would say that's the merit of the partnership and why we have the discussions we do, because anyone -- any buy in who is not committed to us in a long-term way, so that could be a spot buyer on the battery side, that could be a tech grade buyer on the industrial side is -- does risk not getting the volume that they would like as we roll into 2022. So that's the basis for the partnership discussions that we're having is that desire for securities supply, given the points in time in that supply in the coming 5 years where things will be tightened, they are quite tight right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Male_1: Hi. This is [Indiscernible] to you on for Vincent. Thank you for taking our question. Just back to the Huntsman arbitration, curious. What other alternatives are there in terms of discontinued process. I know you mentioned you've started to have discussions around settlement. So what other -- from a legal perspective, what other alternatives are there? And then how should we think about the timing of all of this?
Kent Masters: Well, I think it's -- it's a range. And we're not going to get into too much because there's an active process. So it is either through the arbitration process or from discussions that we've initiated that we would be able to -- that we could potentially reach agreement and resolve that matter. But it's a pretty -- those are the options and it's the time frame is pretty wide.
Male_1: Understood. And then as we think about Kemerton and your ability to fulfill those contracts particularly Kemerton 2 given the longer delay, will those be fulfilled through more tolling or how should we think about the volume and how that will be allocated in terms of -- as we think about next year, 2023, would that be less volume overall or just lower margin from tolling?
Kent Masters: Well, I think you'll see us -- you will fill that with tolling, and with this acquisition that we've done, and we expect to get that up to speed relatively quickly. I mean, there will be some -- we expect to do make rights to get it to our standard and the quality that we want. But we'll be aggressive around that. Those will be the two methods that we use to stay on our plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research.
Cory Murphy: Hi, good morning. This is Cory Murphy on for Kevin. I wanted to follow on -- I think it was PJ's question earlier about Wodgina, you said you were starting up one line and it looks like it's going to start production maybe in the third quarter of 2022. Can you help me understand what the delays are or why the restart process seems to take maybe upwards of 6 to 10 months? And then given spodumene prices, why wouldn't you startup or try to start up all three lines? Are you able to sell the spodumene on the spot market or is it that there's contractual reasons not to?
Kent Masters: Well, it's -- on the selling spodumene, it's really strategic reasons, is that we want to convert it and sell the finished products to customers where we'd make commitments and we have long-term arrangements. So we might sell some spodumene here in there, but that's not our strategy. And then the starting up -- I mean, we might -- we're going to do -- start to first train then other. It's really neat to be in line with our conversion capacity. And then that timeline that you referenced where 6 or whatever the timeframe is to get it going, you've got labor issues in Western Australia, we face the same things there that we do at Kemerton to some degree, and really the lead time is on some of the big equipment that's necessary in mining, some of the yellow -- we call it -- they call it yellow equipment, that's necessary in operating these mines and the lead time on that.
Cory Murphy: Understood. That's very helpful. And then I just wanted to ask about tolling as well. It sounds like there's more tolling due to labor shortages or labor strikes in Chile. How would your volume trend without tolling? And when do you anticipate rolling off the tolling contracts related to the La Negra startup? I think you said you're bridging some capacity with that.
Eric Norris: Right. Well, I would say tolling is a strategy we use for bridging. That is correct. We do that. We expect to continue to toll next year for the purposes of La Negra, but also for the purposes of Kemerton. Look, I mean, I -- it's a bridging strategy, but the market is extremely strong right now. And because Kemerton has been delayed, there's spodumene that we can take advantage of. And as long as we have qualified tolling partner that is someone with -- we have a good relationship, we trust our quality. We have a business relationship where we can collaborate together, then we'll take advantage of that, both to bridge and take advantage of the strong market that's before us. So I think it's a variety of purposes. When it rolls off, it's hard for me to say, but we will have it as part of next year for sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Rusch with Oppenheimer & Co.
Colin Rusch: Guys, thanks so much for all of these information. I'm curious about the order patterns from your customers. And this is a cross the you [Indiscernible]. If you're seeing any sort of double ordering that you can track or track all of the sell-through for those individual customers. Just it seems like that there may be some folks trying to build some inventory or really trying to give character or any other incremental demand that they could mean.
Eric Norris: Colin, Eric, from a Lithium perspective, I would say that there is -- we're very -- we touch all aspects of the supply chain. And so I don't see any double ordering. And furthermore, to buttress that remark, I would say that the discussions we have with our customers, we know they don't have any inventory. They are hand-to-mouth. So we know that because when -- with this crisis existing around the global supply chain, you can imagine we're not always able to precisely target the week or the day at which a shipment's going to arrive, and that causes pain for the customer. If it causes -- if it does for us, it does for them as well. So it's a very tight market still in lithium.
Netha Johnson: Hi, Colin, bromine. We're not seeing any double ordering court. Customers are not trying to build inventory at their sites in anticipation of supply chain disruptions. Supply chains are tight and things are difficult, but we've been able to manage it to a certain extent to where we can deliver within a window that they can live with. So we're not seeing those double orders or customers try to build-up inventory by ordering more than they need right at this time.
Raphael Crawford: Nor in Catalysts, either, Colin.
Colin Rusch: Okay. Thanks, guys. And then just on the lithium content per kilowatt hour, are you guys seeing any real trend lines on that? Certainly as some of these battery chemistries change. And folks are looking to figure out how to optimize some of the materials. Are you seeing lithium content increase, decrease, hold steady? And where would you peg that level right now?
Eric Norris: For the most part, I think as we sit here and look at the year 2021, we've seen any material change. Certainly we would expect it over a period of years as prelithiation enters the equation on the anode side. As further as our progress on solid-state or lithium metal anode technology progresses. That's definitely going to increase the content as it does, obviously the energy density, which is the whole point of those technology innovations. But as you sit here today, I think the technology trends are alive and well, but it's on a quarterly basis during 2021, and really I haven't seen significant change necessarily in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great, thanks for taking my question. I guess I had a question just on the contracting process here. What are you hearing from your customers as far as length? Are those contracts in lithium extending out now to 4 or 7 or 10 years? And then when you when you do those contracts, how do you kind of bridge the divide between this huge spot price of $28,000 plus per ton and something more reasonable and more in line with the increases from where you are on the contract side. I guess I'm just asking. Are you -- have you seen a material rise in the cost curve that would justify contracts going closer to spot? Thanks.
Eric Norris: I would say that there is -- the duration of requests from customers are increasing. I think we've characterized in the past, and on average it's about 3 years in our current mix. The new contracts under discussion, which would be slated to supply against the China expansions that Kent described, or future Kemerton expansions, or even down the road expansions we could have in the U.S. Those discussions are either 5-year plus or they don't even start until 2024, 2025. So we're having discussions with certain customers who are contracting for increments of time into the future, say '23 to '26, or '24 or '28. Those are the kinds of durations that people are thinking about and that's largely driven by the investments made on the automotive side. From a pricing standpoint, you can imagine because prices are rising, there's certainly a desire on behalf of those buyers to see what they can to not have to pay spot prices. But the reality is they either -- the discussion is either towards a much higher fixed price if they want some stability in their pricing term, or we're pricing against an established index so that it will rise with time.  Now, remember the price you gave was a spodumene price when you said $2,800 a ton, the pricing in China is, on a U.S. basis is in the high 20s, close to 30 on a delivered basis. When you look at many of the indices around the world, most of these people are buying against a blend, and so the pricing around that is not quite as high, but it's still well into the high teens, if not the low 20s of what a lot of those pricing indices are. So we continue to have a discussion with customers and -- but those are some of the dynamics at play, which are leading us to long-term contracts with significantly higher price potential than what we're -- we've seen in the past.
Arun Viswanathan: Great, thanks for that. And then, I guess, just wanted to ask about the -- if there's any risk that you see on the political front in Chile -- yeah, it's a broad question -- I guess in the next month or two or so?
Kent Masters: There's a lot happening in Chile, so there's definitely political risk in Chile. They rewrite the constitution and things are changing. And we watch it closely and we operate there. So we -- and we're pretty close, we're close to the government. We see what's happened, but they are rewriting their constitution and there'll be changes in Chile. I think Chile wants to participate in lithium industry. They're looking to expand their participation. The contracts -- the agreements they have with us are very progressive, so they participate as prices go up. So that's an upside for them. So I believe they're going to -- they want to participate in that economically. But there's a lot happening in Chile at the moment, and we're watching it very closely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America.
Matthew Deyoe: Thank you. So we touched a bit on tolling. I want to delve a little bit into it a little bit more because I know you said it's a bridging strategy and maybe we can be opportunistic. But you're sitting on a fair amount of latent capacity at Greenbushes. And the read seems to be that converters are struggling to find enough merchant supply of spodumene to actually continue to operate in some respect, so why not get more aggressive on the volume? I have to think: 1. Prices right now are really attractive but, 2. Almost somewhat concerning as it relates to the potential for over-investment and overheating in markets and things like that etc. I feel like if you -- with your volume, you might have an ability to kind of regulate this a little bit.
Kent Masters: Yeah. So I'll make a comment, and Eric can add some color on it. We don't -- we can't just turn a toller on because we -- they are going to our customers, we have to qualify them. So there is a process there. And not all of those tollers would qualify with our customers. So it's not -- we can't just turn them on. It's not quite that simple, even if we had the products. So now we're ramping and getting more spodumene going. It could give us optionality from a spodumene standpoint going forward, but we still have to make sure we choose the ones, and Eric talked about it, before they're people, they're tollers that we have relationships with that have been previously qualified or currently qualified with our customers. So you have to fit in all of those elements into it to really ramp it up. It would be a -- it's not a 6 months strategy. It's going to take a little longer to implement that.
Matthew Deyoe: Okay.
Kent Masters: [Indiscernible] anything?
Eric Norris: I think you handled that well. I mean, if -- don't think of these conversions [Indiscernible] doesn't -- there are people who are in the industry, but there's only several that we would consider as being partners or meeting our standards for serving our customers. So that's why there's a length involved that in the qualification process. So if there's opportunities, we'll take advantage of them, but we're very discriminating in how we approach that from a -- when it comes to serving our customers.
Kent Masters: Yeah. And key for us is, for me, that -- again, security of supply quality for the customer. The customers have to trust us. So if we're going to toll, we have to make sure that product meets our specs and our customer's standards as well.
Matthew Deyoe: Fair point. And we almost got there with Jeff's question. But if you look at Chinese bromine price, I know in the past it's been comments or maybe it's not correct on an absolute basis, but directionally it's consistent with what you're seeing. So given the move, should we think of this move as real and capturable in any capacity? And if so, is this a 2-year process, a 1-year process, a 3-year process? It would seem like there's a lot of room to offset higher chlorine costs as well. But I'm not sure if that's the case or not.
Netha Johnson: Yeah. This is Netha. Yes, those prices are real and they are really driven by demand. The demand is outstripping the supply. It takes almost 2 years to really bring on additional bromine supply in a meaningful way, so you'll continue to see that demand outstripped supply. It's similar to what we said in our Investor Day for the next planning period that we use, and we think that will continue. The question's by how much. We've announced processes and things we want to add, and I'm sure others have as well. But right now it's not complex. Demand is really exceeding supply and that's what's driving the Chinese bromine price up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho.
Harris Fein: Hi. This is Harris Fein on for Chris. Thanks for taking my question. Turning back to Wodgina, so how should we be thinking about the cost that's associated with bringing that back into production and then understanding that Greenbushes is in a class of its own when it comes to cost per ton. How should we be thinking about the relative cost of spodumene that comes out of Wodgina?
Scott Tozier: This is this is Scott. I think, as you said Talison spodumene, world-class, right? Low costs in the world. Wodgina, we haven't operated yet, but we do believe it's going to be relatively close. Ultimately, it does have a lower concentration, so it won't meet it, but it will be relatively close.
Kent Masters: Maybe say, in the ballpark. And I think, Scott, the costs for this, Harris was asking about how to [Indiscernible] there. We've captured them in the guidance we provided, both capital and cash flow. It's largely joint venture capital costs to acquire this yellow equipment that we've talked about and ramp the JV.
Harris Fein: Got it. And then a lot of the Wave 3 announcements that you've made so far, actually all of them that have been disclosed, are really planned in China. So I'm curious what the strategic rationale was to focus so much on China. And I'm wondering whether it was a matter of lower capital costs or whether or not you see the Chinese market drifting more towards high nickel. And whether or not you expect most of those tons to stay domestic or make their way into other markets.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I mean, I think it's -- I mean Eric can get into detail, but kind of at the high level, I mean, it is -- I mean, we do see lower capital costs there. That's probably not the driver. The driver, that's where the market is today. And then that product can either serve Chinese market or be exported as well. And then as we anticipate seeing the battery supply chain shifting to the west, and then we will invest ahead of that. But for the near-term, we see that market in China today. And then we see that -- as we go forward, you hear us talking about North America and Europe to some degree, but we see that moving west. And then we will invest with it. Eric, you want to?
Eric Norris: You know, I mean, I think if you look at the percent of production of cathode on the world market, China is well over half of it today and that will increase between now and the middle of the decade. So China is the center of the world for all cathode technologies. Now, many of those are being developed. The supply chain is being developed prospectively to come into and match up to battery production ultimately in North America and Europe. And that's why we have a wave 4 plan that addresses that and we will speak to those opportunities to localize supply and it's an active program with us. But as we've said many times, wave 3 is largely Asia - centric, heavily China focus because that's where the market is.  And we will build that repeatability of capital design and execution there that will serve us well as we continue to grow around the world. It's also where a large -- more of our resources are in Asia -- a bit Australia, but in the Asia region as opposed to the Western part of the world. So those are all the elements that play that strategy. And we look forward to growing with our customers as they expand into the West.
Operator: There are no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Kent Masters for closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thank you. And thank you all again for your participation on our call today. As we approach the end of the year, I'm extremely pleased with the progress and the focus our team has demonstrated. I look forward to updating you in February when we announced full-year results and provide more detail on 2022 objectives and outlook. This concludes our call and thank you for your interest in Albemarle.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's call. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Q2 2021 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now like to turn the conference over to your host, Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Sustainability and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Meredith Bandy: Thanks, operator, and welcome everyone to Albemarle's second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of market yesterday, and you will find the press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations on our website under the Investor Relations section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call including outlook guidance expected company performance and timing of expansion projects may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and earnings presentation, that same language applies to this call. Also note that some of our comments today refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of the presentation, both of which are posted on the website. And finally, as a reminder, Albemarle will be hosting our 2021 Investor Day, the morning of Friday, September 10th webcast live from our Charlotte offices. Registration for webcast is also available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And now I'll turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. On today's call, I'll highlight quarterly results and our recent strategic achievements. I'll also introduce the new operating model we are implementing to support Albemarle's growth strategy. Scott will give you more detail on our results, outlook, and guidance. Our businesses continued to execute well, as global markets improved. Second quarter net sales were $774 million and adjusted EBITDA was $195 million, both of which marked a slight improvement compared to the second quarter of last year. Note that we closed the divestiture of FCS on June 1, so second quarter 2021 included only two months of FCS results. Excluding FCS, net sales increased 5% and adjusted EBITDA was up 13% compared to last year. In our financial release issued yesterday after the close, we revised our guidance for the year, in part to reflect higher lithium performance, but also supply chain disruptions for our Bromine business. We've also updated full year guidance to reflect the sale of FCS. Scott will walk you through those changes in more detail in just a few minutes. We continue to execute on our next wave of growth projects to capitalize on attractive long-term fundamentals in the markets we serve. We recently completed construction of La Negra III and IV, as planned and we are progressing through the commissioning stage. Finally, I want to briefly describe the operating model we are launching to drive greater value, improve performance, and deliver exceptional customer service and you see that on Slide 5. Our operating model, which we call the Albemarle Way of Excellence, or AWE, serves as a framework for how we execute, deliver, and ultimately accelerate our strategy. AWE is based on four pillars: sustainable approach, includes responsibly managing our natural resources and engaging with our stakeholders, high performance culture, includes focusing on safety leadership and fostering an agile, engaged corporate culture; competitive capabilities means we are ensuring we have the right talent, resources, and technologies; and finally, operational discipline is about embracing lean principles and operational excellence across the organization. The operating model helps us connect our strategy with day-to-day initiatives, prioritize projects, clarify resource allocation, ensure accountability, and drive efficient and profitable execution. We will discuss the operating model in more detail at our upcoming Investor Day on September 10th. Now turning to Slide 6. We've completed construction of La Negra III and IV in Chile and are in the commissioning stage. We expect commercial production from these two trains beginning in the first half of next year ramping to 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year by 2024. This brownfield project allows us to increase existing capacity and leverage our world-class brine resource in Chile, just one of the avenues of growth that we have as an established lithium producer with a global footprint. We also continue to progress our Kemerton conversion facility in Western Australia. To mitigate risk related to the tight labor market and COVID-related travel restrictions in Western Australia, we have modified our execution strategy to prioritize Kemerton I over Kemerton II. Kemerton I remains on track for construction completion by the end of the year. We now anticipate completion of Kemerton II by the end of the first quarter next year, a delay of about three months. These delays and higher labor rates have also increased capital cost. It's been a difficult situation and a labor market that was already tight, but we have been able to maintain the schedule for Kemerton I with only a three month delay for Kemerton II. We continue to expect commercial production for both Kemerton I and II during 2022. Importantly, we are making progress on our Wave 3 lithium projects and we will provide further details at Investor Day in September. Site selection is underway, and we are negotiating with the authorities to include investment agreements. We're also expediting investments in bromine to meet increasing demand. We completed the first well at Magnolia ahead of schedule and under budget. Unfortunately, we are unable to take advantage of that additional capacity in the second half due to shortages of chlorine and the supply chain. We also have two projects in Arkansas that are currently in the select phase. These projects are designed to increase production capacity of clear brine fluids and hydrobromic acid. A third project to increase the capacity of our brominated flame retardants is in the evaluate stage. I will now hand the call over to Scott, who will provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter.
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Kent, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 7. We generated net sales of $774 million during the second quarter, which is a slight increase from the same period last year, driven by stronger sales from our Lithium and Bromine segment. Higher sales, as well as strong operating margins resulted in an adjusted EBITDA of $195 million, which was 5% higher year-over-year. GAAP net income of $425 million, includes an after-tax gain of $332 million related to the divestiture of our FCS business to W.R. Grace. Adjusted EPS, which excludes the gain on FCS was $0.89 for the quarter, up 4% from the prior year. Let's turn to Slide 8 for a look at adjusted EBITDA by business. Excluding FCS, second quarter adjusted EBITDA increased by 13% or $22 million compared to the prior year. Higher adjusted EBITDA for lithium and bromine was partially offset by higher corporate costs related to incentive compensation and foreign exchange movements. Lithium's adjusted EBITDA increased by $19 million excluding FX compared to last year, primarily driven by higher volumes as customers under long-term agreements continued to pull orders forward, and we shipped higher spodumene volumes from our Talison joint venture. Adjusted EBITDA for bromine increased by $16 million due to higher volumes and pricing. End market demand continues to be very strong. Following the winter storms experienced in Q1, we have very limited excess capacity or inventory to meet that additional demand. Catalysts' adjusted EBITDA declined just $1 million from the previous year. CFT volumes were down due to shipment timing. FCC continued to be impacted by a change in the order patterns from a large North American customer, although the FCC demand trend was generally higher. This was partially offset by excellent PCS results, which benefited from a favorable customer mix. Slide 9 highlights the company's financial strength. Since the beginning of the year, we have taken significant steps to strengthen our balance sheet. The strategic decision to divest our FCS business added cash proceeds to the balance sheet and reduced our leverage ratio to 1.5 times. That transaction further demonstrates our ability to drive value by prudently managing our asset portfolio. Our strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit rating gives us the financial flexibility we need to accelerate profitable growth and continue to provide a growing dividend. Turning to Slide 10, I'll walk you through the updates to our guidance that Kent mentioned earlier, and there are several key changes from our previous guidance. First, higher net sales guidance reflects higher lithium sales volumes and improving catalyst trends offset by our lower bromine outlook. Adjusted EBITDA guidance is the same, reflecting higher net sales, offset by higher corporate costs and foreign exchange expense. Guidance on adjusted diluted EPS and net cash from operations is improving from an expected reduction in interest expense and tax rate. The timing of working capital changes is also expected to benefit net cash from operations. And finally, we see capital expenditures trending toward the high end of our previous $850 million to $950 million range based on the tight labor markets in Western Australia, as Kent discussed. In the far right column, pro forma revised guidance ranges are adjusted for the sale of our FCS business on June 1st this year removing the guidance on FCS for the rest of the year. I'm turning to Slide 11 for a more detail on the GBUs outlook. Adjusted EBITDA for lithium is expected to increase by 10% to 15% over last year, an improvement from our previous outlook. Lithium volume growth is expected to be in the mid-teens on a percentage basis, mostly due to higher tolling volumes, as well as the restart of North American plants at the beginning of the year and improvements in plant productivity. Our pricing outlook is unchanged. We continue to expect average realized pricing to increase sequentially over the second half of the year, but to remain roughly flat compared to full year 2020. We also continue to expect margins to remain below 35%, owing to higher costs related to project start-ups and incremental tolling costs. Margin should improve, as the plants ramp up commercial sales volumes. Our outlook for Catalysts hasn't changed since the first quarter report with adjusted EBITDA anticipated to be lower by 30% to 40%. However, we are more optimistic, as fuel markets continued to improve globally. Lower year-over-year results are primarily related to the impact of the U.S. Gulf Coast, winter storm in the first quarter and the ongoing impact from the change in customer order patterns in North America. Finally for bromine, we now expect mid-single digit year-over-year growth in adjusted EBITDA, which is down from our previous outlook due to a force majeure declaration from our chlorine supplier in the U.S. Like many industrial companies, we are experiencing increased costs and supply disruptions for raw materials, but it is partially offset by price and productivity improvement. Results are expected to be lower in the second half, as production is constrained due to the chlorine shortage. We are accelerating our expansion plans in bromine. However, we have been unable to take advantage of this new capacity yet due to the chlorine disruption. Looking ahead to 2022, we expect sales and EBITDA increases for all three businesses, Lithium results are expected to improve on the higher volumes, as the new plants ramp up, Bromine results are expected to rebound from short-term supply chain disruptions and the winter storm impacts and Catalysts results are expected to rebound strongly from 2021 levels assuming continued improvements in global transportation fuel demand. And with that, I'll hand it back to Kent.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thanks, Scott. On Slide 12, we continue to execute on our strategic objectives for 2021. First, we are growing profitably. Construction is complete at La Negra, and we are commissioning this project with commercial volumes expected in the first half of next year. Both Kemerton trains are expected to contribute volumes in 2022 as well despite the restructuring of our execution plan at Kemerton. As previously discussed, we are making progress on our Wave 3 lithium projects and expediting investments in bromine to meet increasing demand. Second, we are increasing productivity. We are on track to achieve at least our targeted $75 million in productivity improvement this year. We expect to continue to build on these improvement, as we implement our operating model and build a culture of continuous improvement. Third, we are maintaining our disciplined approach to investments and continue to optimize shareholder value by actively managing our portfolio of assets, including the recently completed FCS divestiture. Finally, all of our efforts are being driven with sustainability in mind. In our annual sustainability report, published at the beginning of June, we disclosed initial sustainability targets, including plans to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and fresh water use. We are also working closely with customers, investors and ESG rating companies to make sure, they are up to speed in all of these developments, and have a full appreciation for our efforts. So with that, I'd like to open the call for questions.
Meredith Bandy: Operator, we're ready for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Good morning, Kent and Scott. Congrats on finishing La Negra III and IV. Now that's done, are you looking for new hydroxide conversion capacity either in China or elsewhere, and would you consider building a convergent plant in the U.S.?
Kent Masters: So good morning, PJ, and thanks for that. We are - so - we've completed construction, we're still commissioning, so still a little bit to go at La Negra. And then, as you see in the plans that we have, the Phase III is mostly about hydroxide capacity in the near term. So, Kemerton will be coming on in the next year. And then the next wave of investments at the moment are focused on China. And we are - we do look for acquisition of conversion capacity, but it's a bit of a challenge just to find the assets that we want and that are for sale. So, we kind of have a meeting of the mines there, but we're also in parallel are progressing our plans to do greenfield projects as well. And if we were able to find an acquisition, we continue to progress the greenfield plans that we have. So they would - they are not - if we did an acquisition, that doesn't mean we stop our greenfield plans and projects, but we would just do them in parallel.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay.
Kent Masters: And then the last part, and sorry last part about the U.S. So, I mean, we will look at the U.S., but it's not in the next year or so, right. So it's - there is time. I mean, our view is most of the cathode capacity that's being built and we will be producing for the next several years is going to be in China or at least Asia. And so, we have time before we have to see if we need capacity in North America or Europe.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay. And then, next question is, I want to go back to comments that you had made, Kent, I think on the last call about sort of market segmentation of customers that some customers will have a long-term contracts, some will have more market-related contract, especially customers like those who negotiated prices down in 2019. I was just wondering if either you or Eric could add some color on this sort of market segmentation of customers? Thank you.
Kent Masters: Sure. So yes, I don't know if we can add much more than we talked about previously, but we are - in the past we had kind of a long-term contract formula and it was - we were trying to use that strategy for all of our customers, and what we've learned is that not all customers want to buy that way. So we're trying to segment on how they want to buy, and actually we think it's good for us as well. So we are - we have longer-term contracts that look more like a fixed price. And ideally, we want those contracts to move with the market that just - slightly with the market, but it looks more like a long-term contract. And on the other extreme, we will have contracts that look more like spot. They are probably, it's not - probably not a one-year contract, but it’s probably more than that, but the - but it moves with the market or closely with the market, still may be dampened a bit, and then you'll have some in the middle where that shakes out from a portfolio standpoint until we settle all that with our customers. I can't tell you, but for lack of anything else, it's probably a third, a third, a third, it's kind of how we see it now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: On the delay at Kemerton II, if you're having delays, is the entire industry having significant delays here? I mean, we've got the car companies accelerating their demand plans here, as the supply actually going to undershoot what the industry needs.
Kent Masters: Well, I can't speak to other projects, but I mean, if you're building in Western Australia, the availability of labor, the tightness is extreme. And Western Australia is kind of famous for labor market that gets difficult if you're doing large projects just because of the resource industry draws all of the resources. If their prices go up and their prices have gone up significantly for let's say iron ore, as an - is probably the biggest example, and they are drawing all the resources away, that’s always been an issue in Western Australia. But today we have COVID, so they locked down not only Australia, but state by state. So we can't move - not only can we not get resources from China or Thailand or even the U.K., we can't get resources from the east part of Australia. So, we're kind of stuck with what is in Western Australia. So - and I think that will affect anyone doing a big capital project in Western Australia or Australia. I'm not sure that it applies say in China, for example.
John Roberts: And then, when CATL announced its sodium ion battery, all the lithium stocks popped including Albemarle. Is sodium ion something that we need to pay more attention to?
Eric Norris: John, good morning. It's Eric. Sodium ion, as you may know isn't a new chemistry. The CATL's innovation is a matrix that may make it more, more effective. It is a chemistry that is lower energy density, heavier material. So it's an applicable product for the low, very low-end of EV ranges and maybe grid storage. I think one of the attractiveness components of it is that - it's - sodium is abundant, right. So it's - so it may alleviate, and – at that low end of the market of - given alternative, if lithium supplies become tight as they have been in the past year or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Good morning. Kent, I was wondering, you mentioned that La Negra is completed. It takes six months to commission. Is that a function of just the qualifying process, and can you inventory production while you're doing that, and then have a nice buffer of inventory to start selling from as soon as the qualification is complete or is it a function of making sure the process works properly?
Kent Masters: It's both. So, we are commissioning and qualifying in parallel. So we can kind of - we do early commissioning to get qualification samples, but the plant has not been operating at rate, so that it takes us time to get it operating at rate. So we - we're kind of at a long pole in the tent, so to speak, is the qualification process, but we're commissioning during that same time and we run them in parallel, so that we - to save time. So it's - I think the answer is both.
Bob Koort: And then - and on Wodgina, we've seen some pretty spectacular spot prices out there some north of $1,000. When do you turn that on and you imagine that would ever feed the Kemerton plants or will you feed Kemerton through Talison for the foreseeable future? Thank you.
Kent Masters: Yes. So yes, we'll see how that goes. I mean, our plans are to feed Kemerton from Talison. And then, as we either bring on other capacity or do an acquisition, we would use Wodgina for that. And our strategy about selling spodumene hasn't changed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez with Jefferies.
Edlain Rodriguez: Quick one on bromine. So you've talked about the chlorine issue you have in there, but when do you expect that to correct itself?
Kent Masters: So I'll start, Netha can add a little bit. So - and I think there is a broader issue in the chlorine space. But I mean, our suppliers had some equipment failures and we expect that to last, I mean, they're telling us a couple of months, right. So they've got a short-term fix. We hope, we'll get us back up to some higher rates and then the permanent fix is going to take kind of - I think - I think they told us two months to three months. Yes.
Edlain Rodriguez: Okay.
Netha Johnson: Yes. I mean, as we look at the - as we look at the broader chlorine market, we think there will be opportunities to get it back and balanced by Q4 that we're hopeful for that.
Edlain Rodriguez: Okay. Makes sense. Quick - another one. Like in terms of M&A, like you've done the FCS deal, so you - so you monetize that. But when you look at the rest of the portfolio like, is there anything else in there that you think might below - might be below somebody else. Can you talk about the rest of the portfolio, what you're seeing in there?
Kent Masters: Yes. So we - I mean we were looking at our PCS business, and we ran a process and we didn't get the pricing we wanted for. So it's performing well. And we pulled that, that is no longer for sale, and we're running as part of the portfolio, we're running as part of our catalysts business. So we've hold on to that. And then for the broader part of the portfolio, the three primary businesses bromine, lithium and catalysts, we see those as core businesses and that's kind of our fundamental portfolio. And now PCS is part of catalysts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson: Good morning, everyone. My first question, I follow-up on spodumene. Yes, we've seen pretty interesting surges in spodumene prices in the last, why shouldn't we say there is lag, contracts and stuff. But I think what - if we also - it seems like conversion margin, the proxy conversion margin will be extremely strong, so are those - as carbon hydroxide prices have been really strong. So do you see the spodumene price increases more of a lagging indicator or do you think that they're setting often to be another run up in spot prices sparked up, we can deal with the prices.
Kent Masters: Look, I'll make a broad comment, let Eric can try a little bit of a detail. It's hard for us to project, where the market is going. And we see prices about spodumene and carbonate and hydroxide prices being up. The only place you really have visibility of spot prices is in China for the carbonate and hydroxide. And so you see that, you see the same numbers that we do. Those have not fully translated into the contract prices, but we do see contract prices moving up. And spodumene, I mean, it has gone up, it come back down a little bit. I don't know that we're in, what you would call a super cycle or headed toward that. But I think - I do think prices will be higher than they have been in the last couple of years.
Eric Norris: Hi, Joel. What I would - this is - and I think your question reflects this. This is a China market phenomenon. The China market is very dependent for its growth on imported spodumene. So - and there is a shortfall of available supply to meet demand given the rapid growth post pandemic particularly in carbonate in China. So in that regard, maybe spodumene is a bit of a lead because it's the short supply. But I think what we expect to happen is more supply to come into China from other parts of the world. We've seen prices go up and stay up with demand. It's hard to say what's going to happen with spodumene prices. From a Albemarle perspective, the way we take advantage of that is we don't sell spodumene or yes, it's right. We don't sell chemical grade spodumene, as you say. We sell especially spodumene for the glass market, but for us it's tolling. So you've heard us talk about, looking at tolling opportunities and that's part of our improved guidance. And for that we're able to participate in that spot price market, which is as I've said earlier, very favorable.
Joel Jackson: Thank you for that. So my follow up would be just looking at out to 2022 for LCE volume increases. I think you talked about maybe gaining about 30,000 tons LCE volume for next year with the different expansions ramping on, Kemerton II is delayed a few months, maybe you've been pushing out a little more tolling now this year. Is it about 30,000 ton, still the right number to think about for next year?
Kent Masters: So Joel, I mean, I think it's, you have to break it down. First of all, I don't think we've said 30,000 tons. We've talked about ramp rates on plants. So the Kemerton plant with a start-up in the early part of next year, there was a three month delay to the second unit. We've talked about getting to full run rate capacity by the end of the second year in that facility. Similarly in carbonate, you'd see a phenomenon that is somewhat like that. I would say our run rate for carbonate by the end of '22, we will probably at the 30,000 run rate basis at the end of the year, as that ramps. It's a little bit different ramping brine versus spodumene because brine is obviously a harvested material, but - versus the fixed input, but that roughly should - between those two, we should be able to calculate sort of our guidance. The change would be a slight delay at Kemerton and in a year-on-year growth that we can achieve in tolling and that's going to be - it's harder for us to predict now because it's a function of what's available in the market for us to toll that.
Eric Norris: Yes. It's also a function of how fast we ramp up like so how well commissioning goes and then there is we - you'll commission, you'll be able to make products but at lower rates and that will ramp up over time. And it's how well we do in that ramp curve and it's hard to speculate on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Thanks for taking my question. I guess, I just wanted to get your thoughts. We've had some different views, I guess, maybe just provide your color on spodumene, carbonate and hydroxide. Spodumene obviously there were some oversupply in years past, but it seems like most of that is slowly working itself out. Maybe you could just characterize supply demand in each of those areas? Thanks
Kent Masters: Okay. And again I'll start, Eric can fill in, where I miss things. But I think in the past, the industry is growing, right. So as the industry grows, you bring on capacity at a smaller percentage of the industry. So I don't think we're going to have those periods of oversupply, under supply as tight, as they were in the past with the extremes showing up in pricing. So that - I think that applies across for hard rock as well as kind of salt - conversion capacity for the salt. So I think as the industry gets bigger, each addition is a smaller percentage of the total industry and it has less of an impact. That said, where we are. I mean spodumene is pretty - spodumene is tight. And I think that the conversion capacity, as the growth rates that we see, which you've kind of seen as an indicator. In fact EV sales is forward looking growth curve for lithium, those are pretty tight. And you've got to make investments and you've got to be good at executing those projects and commissioning them and then, ramping them up to full capacity, which is we think we're good at that, but we're in the process of proving it.
Eric Norris: And I would just add, Arun that today as we sit here today, all three are extremely tight. If we had more carbonate that we could produce and sell, we could sell it readily, same with hydroxide. We don't have the disadvantage. We have the ability. We have idle capacity on the spodumene side. So we are not feedstock limited. That's a strength we have going forward. But what we are limited on is our ability to get conversion capacity in the ground quickly. So - and that's part of our plan for next year. As to the long term, my guess would be that our view would be, I should say that hydroxide will probably see their higher rate of growth going forward off a smaller base. Carbonate has done well in the near term based upon the LFP trend for lower end vehicles, particularly in China, and we see that starting to take root in some other regions as well for the low end. But the key to high EV penetration is higher energy density and the key to that is hydroxide and ultimately potentially solid state chemistries. So that's going to require a heavier burden on hydroxide. We see that being the tighter market from a long-term basis going forward.
Arun Viswanathan: And just wondering if there is any concern from elevated logistics cost for the next little while. Also maybe you can just address, if there is any concerns on the container shortage issue? Thanks.
Kent Masters: Well, I think, across all of our businesses, the supply chain is a challenge and a concern. So ocean-going freight probably the biggest, but well, chemicals supply chain in the U.S. is hitting us and particularly chlorine at the moment, but it's tight and a number of chemicals. But ocean-going freight is a big concern for us and something that we are working pretty hard to try and to manage. We spend a lot of time trying to streamline that supply chain digitizes, so we have much better visibility on it. So we're making progress on that, but it's still a concern.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: If I just ask in bromine, it doesn't sound like either your sort of electronics sales or your auto sales that you're seeing any, any real volume issues from the shortage of microchip. So is that - that's just something that it's either being offset by other parts of the business or it's just not an issue either year-to-date or into the back half of the year?
Kent Masters: Yes. Vincent from where we sit in the supply chain, we're not seeing that at all in - from a demand side. Our demand in those areas have been steady.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Great. And if I could just ask. You have the Analyst Day coming up, and you're also concurrently working on the Wave 3 projects and looking to move forward those. I mean should we be expecting a material update on those at the Analyst Day or are those two events unique?
Kent Masters: So material update, I'd say it depends on the definition. So we'll give you progress on where we are. But we're not, I mean - and - but we are still in the planning phase. We're not moving dirt on any of the projects, yet.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. So no FID - we shouldn't be expecting any FID decisions then?
Kent Masters: No. I mean we're progressing as we go, and we'll tell you the plans that we have. But we're - it's not at a - we'll not have a final investment decision by in a month.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Eric, couple of questions for you, just on lithium pricing in Q3. Is your guidance for that pricing to be up year-over-year in Q3?
Eric Norris: Yes. The second half - I mean, we were down 10%, so to recount a little history here to put in perspective. We're down 10% across the board in the first quarter, 4% in the second quarter, and we're staying flat for the year. So we will be up year-over-year. Another way to think about is our lowest price point over the past 24 months are including the rest of this year. So for 2020 and 2021, we expect to be the fourth quarter of last year. And ever since then, we sort of bottom there, we're seeing as spot prices move up for that small amount of our business is exposed to that such as better grade in China or tech rate. And as concessions to contracts given during the height of the pandemic roll off, we see those prices rising in the back - into the second half of this year. And given the tightness in the market, we expect into next year as well.
David Begleiter: Very good. And also, there has been some progress like DLE project near your operations in Southern Arkansas. Can you discuss the viability of a DLE project for you guys in Southern Arkansas going forward?
Eric Norris: Well, yes, so I'll say that for us, we continue to look at Magnolia brines, where we operate our bromine operation is being our spot, where we could process lithium and DLEs potential technology for that. DLE just - it's a bandied about term most often here in the U.S., who made the projects, what they're talking about is absorption, resins, and so it's a mechanical operation - for extracting brines, it's a mechanical operation as opposed to an evaporation effort such as we do in Chile. That you would only apply it, you have to apply, meaning you apply it to resources that are of lower quality or have higher impurities present, which is generally true with both oilfield brines, which is what we have in Magnolia or geothermal brines. So it's more capital intensive, but actually it also consumes a lot more water and energy given the price. So it has some drawbacks from it. We're studying what alternatives we could deploy to a resource like that, that could include absorption, that optimize those factors of cost and sustainability. Given where we are with our high quality resources, and then what we can do in the near term to drive our growth in next five years, we put that as a resource later in the decade that we would consider for that given its - given those technical challenge and given its cost profile.
Kent Masters: Yes. And I would just add. So we've - we didn't - it wasn't included in our Phase 3 and but it's something that we look at. We are looking at the technology. We have access to the brines, and we have the operation. We're already kind of pumping the brines around. So we'd be in a good position to leverage it if we think that if we get the technology right, and we believe the cost position is right. But it's something that comes probably in Phase 4, if we get that technology right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In your Talison operation and equity income in lithium, sometimes you are in the 30 million and sometimes you are in 15 million or 16 million. And what's the difference between the two, when we've had some 15s and 16s, are there any service to come?
Scott Tozier: Jeff, this is Scott. So the equity income in Talison is affected by two things, one is the volume that's being shipped both to ourselves as well as to Tianqi, our partner. And of course that has been either flat or rising over time. The bigger impact that you're seeing through the equity income is coming from the transfer price, which is affected by that - by the spodumene market price that's out there. So when that price is high, you're going to see a higher equity income, when it's lower, you will see a lower equity income. And generally that's going to track on about a six month lag to the market indicators that are out there. So as we talked about in the - some of the prior questions because the spodumene prices higher, are going higher right now, you should expect in the second half that, that equity income would also track to that.
Kent Masters: You should just keep in mind though that it's been our input cost for conversion goes up, when that price goes up. So we don't really - it doesn't matter so much to us because it's all - it washes through. But it's the difference between equity income and what shows up in the lithium P&L.
Jeff Zekauskas: Then for my follow up. I think over the past several years, if you had to describe the contractual terms of your long-term lithium contracts, I think, you would have said that they were above market. Given the changes in lithium market and its tightness or some toughness, is it now the case that your long-term contracts are more comparable to current prices?
Kent Masters: It depends on what you call current.
Jeff Zekauskas: Yes.
Kent Masters: Yes. I think it depends on what you're calling current prices. So if you're talking about spot prices in China, which is what everyone can see that's probably correct. But I think if you were to think about contract prices over time, contract prices outside of China that different suppliers have, it's probably in line or above those. I would say probably still above those.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Kallo with Baird.
Ben Kallo: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just maybe two on the lithium front and then one on bromine. On lithium, you know, you get this question a lot, but just on recycling we saw redwood materials raise a large sum of money. I want to understand, how you see the players in the recycling as they work with your competitors - you - is number one. Number two, you know on the Tesla call, and then - and I think before that Mark was talking about the LFP and the increase there. Just want to understand and I think you talked a little bit about this, but how you make investments into carbonate versus hydroxide with that background looking like there is a large increase in demand for LFP. And then on bromine, just comfortable - how comfortable you are around the timing of the expansion. I think it's really chemical expanded already earlier. So just want to see how strong you think that market you know, for bringing on new capacity? Thank you very much, guys.
Eric Norris: Ben, this is Eric. On recycling, recycling is happening around the world and so the companies you're referring to are largely here in the U.S. There is a set of companies similarly in Europe. It's a regional business model because of the collection and nature of different regulations around the world. As a global player, we're engaged with all of these companies. We view them in almost every case as a partner, not a competitor and we bring process, not the technology and knowhow that's what we deploy in some of our existing virgin brine operations, it could be a partnership approach to helping to remove the lithium and/or take a byproduct that comes out of their operations, which is lithium rich. And so that's the way we work with them. You have to remember a lot of these companies got set up and this is - and then, Europe is a bit - is ahead on this largely go after the nickel and the cobalt, not lithium. Lithium is usually the byproduct of the recycling operation. That's where we fit in. And so as we look at trying to partner with our customers on and drive their success from a sustainability standpoint, we view this as an important part of the value mix we bring is helping them recycle to lithium and recycle it back to them for their continued growth. On the Tesla side, we view what Tesla's described as very - generally very consistent with our market outlook. It's going to continue to shift and I think expand meaning the size of those EV market, which by 2025 might be at one level, but by 2030, I think you're going to have a larger proportion of vehicles that are electrified. There's some news a lot about - some intentions around that here in the U.S. today. And for the lower end, LFP is the applicable technology. I mean, it gives you a lower range. We still believe though that for the mid and higher range vehicles, you're going to need - in order to get, you need higher energy density to get the range. And you can drive good cost, if you can get good technology and then, get the cost - the cost per kilowatt hour down, get the kilowatt hours up per unit weight. So that's the mix we see. And I - it's very consistent way Tesla is approaching the market as well. Turn it over to Netha for bromine.
Netha Johnson: Hello Ben. If you talk about the timing of our bromine expansions, I think we feel really good about the markets that we participate in and their projections over the next few years. And we're really just executing the company's strategy of building capabilities to accelerate lower capital intensity, higher return growth. And for us what we're doing it at is the Magnolia and that's a great place for us to do it because we have great jurisdiction. We've been there for over 50 years. We know the asset well, and we could produce every product that we make out of that facility. So that leads us to have high confidence in those projects and the timing of execution. And we feel really good about the plan there and their ability to deliver what we want out of those expansion projects.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America.
Matthew DeYoe: So as you ramp Talison to meet Kemerton demand, what do you expect your partner to do. I know they have their own kind of hydroxide plans, those have been pushed a bit. Do you expect Talison output to increase by the 50,000 metric tons, you're going to need or will be closer to 100,000 metric tons. And just how do you see that that, that timeline playing out can you move as fast as you think you'll need, if It's a joint discussion versus your singular desires, I guess.
Kent Masters: Yes. Well, it's definitely a joint discussion. It's a JV. And I think we'll optimize the supply. So the product that Talison our portion or half of that with Tianqi that - that's ours. But we have JV product at Wodgina. They have their own product in other parts of Australia. And we will swap product to kind of optimize economics. I think way you would think about it is Talison goes to feed our portion and then - and some other product feeds their portion at Kemerton. However, it physically, it probably won't work that way. We will swap product to optimize the economics.
Matthew DeYoe: All right. I guessing it more, what you expect Tianqi to do versus [indiscernible] portion about this?
Eric Norris: This is Eric jumping in. We can't predict what Tianqi is going to do. I mean, they have some public statements out there around their Kwinana facility, which is really very in terms of its potential over time similar in size to Kemerton at least our - at least our first investment in Kemerton. And the JV is owned by the two of us. So it produces a budget to what we need. So you really need to talk about what's on the ground there, CGP I and CGP II. We feel with CGP II being fully ramped, we will meet the needs of what we have invested in, and allow to ramp at Kemerton. And if they don't have the need on their side, they won't take their share right, is how it comes down to it. So that's how it works. We're always entitled to at least 50%. It could be of what's available. It could be more if they don't need to take more and vice versa on the other side.
Matthew DeYoe: Okay. If I could just follow up. So the new pricing approach, you talked about, I understand it's still in the works, but theoretically, I guess if you were to look over the last cycle maybe peaks in 2018 and trough more in 2020. Can you provide some context as to like how much your realized price would have been higher in 2018 had you chosen this path versus how much lower, you would have been in 2020, like how much higher with the peaks and how much lower with the troughs and I would imagine some sort of analysis has been done to kind of get a sense for, if this was a net winner or loser over time.
Kent Masters: Yes. So we've not - we've done analysis that we can share about what our price would have been under the new model. But you're right, it would have been higher, higher towards the peak and lower during the trough, so which is the point. We're trying to move a little bit more with the market, but not expose ourselves fully to the commodity price. But I don't have the numbers to share with you exactly what it would be. And the other part - the other part of that question, which we don't really know the answer to is how is the portfolio, what does it look like, how much of that spot type pricing, where we end up with versus that long-term contract pricing because during the last peak and bottom that we're pretty much we're all on the long-term contracts.
Eric Norris: I think it's also important that in the last peak and bottom, there were no automotive producers involved at all in the cycle. There are now, and there's a lot more demand now. And I'll a reference of Kent - a remark Kent made earlier that given the size and maturity of - we've only gone through one cycle before really since the dawn of the EV, and now we're moving through the next part of the cycle. It's going to look different and probably won't have the same volatility than before. We don't know. But I think the size of growth is such that it - and supply additions is such that it's going to change with time. So the pricing structure we're putting in place is going to continue to evolve. We have contracts to fit the structure. So we know it works. We have customers paying fixed prices. We have customers, who are only going to - we're only going to give them a year commitment, and they will take, they will - they want to ride the wave and at that point that wave is going up. So it's - how it settles out over time, we'll have to continue to dimension for you, but we're at the early stages.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.
Mike Sison: Nice quarter. Just curious what your thoughts on the lithium demand, whether percent or tons in '22 is expected to be for the industry?
Kent Masters: Yes. I - it's a question, Mike, that I may have to go back and look at our demand model. We do have a model we put out and it's - we - and it's still consistent with what we think today. And it was some months ago, earlier this year, we did that. We're seeing a much bigger demand here in '21 overall this year than last, because of the post-pandemic recovery. The overall market growth is 25% plus. So we're going to be at least in that order magnitude for '22 I'd say on a year-on-year basis.
Mike Sison: And then, I know, there is some timing in terms of getting the volume on for Wave 2, but when do you think roughly, you'll have all the capacity available to sell. Is it '23, '24, '25, just curious on the - when you'll be able to sell it all?
Kent Masters: When you say the capacity, you mean, La Negra and Kemerton?
Mike Sison: Yes.
Kent Masters: Okay. Because we're - I mean, our plan is, we're going to be building plants over time. It's going to be ramping up over time. But La Negra - between La Negra and Kemerton at full rates ramped up selling everything '24 for the full year.
Mike Sison: For the full year. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets.
Chris Kapsch: Just slightly more nuance follow-up on this discussion around the increased volumes implied in your guidance and so it's nice most of that is coming from more volumes from via Greenbushes and that spodumene being converted downstream to via tollers. First, is that an accurate characterization. And then with that in mind, Eric, I appreciate you've stated in the past that you don't rely on toll conversion for battery grade chemicals, but only for technical grade lithium products. But in this case, it seems like the extra volumes are carbonate feeding into the LFP cathode market. So just wondering if that also is accurate, and if that's the case, I guess - should we be thinking of these carbonates grades via tollers as just or maybe just the LFP market being more of a technical grade market. And then finally just, it seems like this is part of the market, you will address once La Negra is ramped next year. But will then - will you then say that the current toll relationships that you're leaning into currently to opportunistically address these volumes?
Kent Masters: Well, a bunch of questions there, Chris. Let me go to the first one, which had to do with, help me here. I just stuck on the LFP, but you had something before that, what was that? What was your first question, Chris?
Chris Kapsch: Yes. So the --
Kent Masters: Ramp.
Chris Kapsch: The tolling volumes…
Kent Masters: Our volume, yes, yes, sorry. Senior moment there, I guess. The - if you look at our produced volumes, we're going to be fairly flat, first half to second half, maybe slightly better in the second half because we have little better production - we have some better production in Chile, in the fourth quarter, seasonally just by a tad. What's the real differences in our volume first and second half, and our volume growth year-over-year is on - the first half, second half is the tooling - increased tolling. Year-over-year is tolling, because we didn't had last year, as well as plants come back online and efficiencies in the plants, better operation in the plants year-over-year. So there's a bit of difference between first half, second half and year-over-year there. On what we're using that carbonate for when we toll it in China, it's going into the LFP market. I think what we - I don't know what we said a years ago, but what we said more recently is that the carbonate market, the tolling network is able to produce sufficient better grade quality to supply the LFP market for batteries in China. So that's where we are selling that material currently. And then, now, I'm going to ask you help again. The last question was --
Chris Kapsch: So since you're addressing that - via the tolling relationships currently, when you ramp La Negra next year, will you stayed those relationships or do you still intend to participate via tolling, obviously this has mixed implications given the higher feedstock costs and the fact that tollers need to make a margin. So curious if you've stayed those tolling relationships or maybe - would there be a bare hub like you've done in the past with tolling partners that you're comfortable with?
Kent Masters: It will be a bit of both. I mean our strategy for a lot of what we produce out of La Negra's growth, La Negra III and IV is to put it under a contract commitment in some form. That might be for price buyer only a year and for performance buyer might be a couple of years, but that's our strategy for that volume. Our strategy for the total volume is either to use it as a bridge to build the customer relationships when we have La Negra III and IV. So some of those customers we're currently selling toll volumes, where we will take advantage of selling La Negra III and IV to it as well. But in today's market, which is particularly tight, is also opportunistic to play in what is a pretty tight market and - and they were really playing on a - on a spot basis. So while we have higher cost to produce this whole volume, we're taking advantage of currently higher spot prices than contract.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research.
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you for squeezing me in. Want to ask about your Catalysts business. If we look at margins in the first half of the year in broad strokes, they are running maybe half of historical levels, yet. In the prepared remarks, I think you indicated you anticipate strong rebound in the business. So I was wondering if you could flesh that out in terms of what you're seeing in your refinery catalyst order books. And when might we expect those margins to get back to historical levels might that be as soon as '22 or more likely '23 or later?
Raphael Crawford: Good morning, Kevin. This is Raphael. Just to respond, one, there has been a series of effects. I mean in the first half of the year, we certainly had an impact from the winter storm. We have residual impact from the pandemic, a lot of that pandemic impact was a down trade of high-performance catalyst to maybe more workhorse catalysts that has a effect on margins and as well as on our mix. Looking forward, I think we would see recovery. I mean, some of our best products what we're known, for example is our high performance hydroprocessing catalysts. As the markets recovering, as change out start to occur at a faster clip in 2022, we're going to start to see that come back. Again, we have great partnerships for great performance catalyst, those are the higher margin that will improve our mix. And I think it's that mix impact going into 2022 that you'll start to see that improvement in our margins. We already see it today, Kevin. We have customers that are, they down traded to lower performance catalysts, when they were under margin pressure. We just had a customer meeting this week with a large North American refiner, who is telling us that because they're starting to operate at higher rates, they're needing to run under more severe conditions, they need higher performance catalysts, those command higher margins for us. So we think it's a favorable trend. It will probably start to materialize in 2022, where you will start to see them.
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you for that. And then secondly, if I may for Eric. In a prior answer, I think you alluded to the news out today that the U.S. is now targeting 40% to 50% of new auto sales, as EVs by 2030, although I thought - I read that it might be non-mandatory. So just curious about your view on that. Is it incrementally accretive to your demand outlook in any way or are the U.S. automakers already tracking to similar levels or what do you think about the potential market impact of that announcement?
Kent Masters: Yes. So - this is Kent. That - it's early news. It's just out today. And I don't - from my understanding it was not mandatory. It's got something that it's trying to lead legislation to something maybe like that. It's - so I'd say it's early days. And then, I'm not - it - and it's probably in the ballpark of what the car companies are already thinking, maybe it's a little more aggressive. But it doesn't shift the model from our perspective, I don't think. I think our view would be that's neutral.
Operator: And now we will - I would like to turn the call over to Kent Masters for closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Thank you, Carol, and thank you all, again, for your participation on our call today. As you can see, we have a lot to be excited about at Albemarle, and we see extraordinary opportunities for growth. We are implementing a comprehensive operating model that will enable us to execute on our objectives effectively and efficiently. We look forward to discussing this in greater detail during our Investor Day on September 10, and we hope you will all be able to join us then. Thank you, and that concludes our call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the First Quarter 2021 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker host, Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. Please go ahead.
Meredith Bandy: All right. Thank you, Olivia, and welcome to Albemarle's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted to our Web site under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium, are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call, including our outlook, guidance, expected company performance and proposed divestitures and expansion projects, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release and presentation that same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our presentation, both of which are posted to our Web site. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thanks, Meredith. Good morning, and thanks to you all for joining us today. On today's call, I will highlight our recent accomplishments and discuss our strategy as it relates to accelerating growth and creating a more sustainable business. Scott will give us more detail on our results, outlook and capital allocation. This was another strong quarter for Albemarle with solid financial results. We generated net income of $96 million and adjusted EBITDA of $230 million, up 17% from last year. We benefited in part from several lithium customers that accelerated orders under long term agreements as well as favorable volume and customer mix in our bromine business. We continue to see strong market demand for lithium, especially from EVs. First quarter EV sales were up 135% versus last year, led by China. European and North American sales were also up significantly. All that said, remember that we are sold out in bromine and lithium. Therefore, we are maintaining our previously reported company guidance for the full year. Scott will provide additional detail on this in just a few minutes. We are advancing our growth plans with the progress being made at our Wave II lithium projects. These two projects, La Negra III, IV and Kemerton I, II, are expected to add volume beginning next year. As you are probably aware, during the first quarter, we successfully completed $1.5 billion equity offering and then subsequently reduced our debt. This enabled us to achieve two strategic goals. First, we are now well positioned to execute on our high return Wave III growth projects for lithium and bromine. And second, we have maintained our investment grade credit rating, which was recently upgraded to a BBB rating by S&P Global. I'm also proud to say that we have signed the UN Global Compact, joining the efforts of corporations and stakeholders worldwide to advance sustainability. On Slide 5, I want to update you on those two projects at La Negra and Kemerton, our two ongoing projects to increase lithium production from our world class resources. These conversion facilities are in the final stages of construction, and when complete, are expected to double our nameplate capacity to 175,000 metric tons per year. This added capacity will provide much needed volumes to support our customers' growth ambitions and will enhance our ability to drive further earnings expansion. Construction is on track for completion later this year. We are watching the Western Australia labor situation closely, but currently, we do not expect any impact to our schedule. Once complete, we move into final commissioning and customer qualification, which typically takes about six months. We expect to begin producing commercial volume from both projects in 2022. These two sites will complete our Wave II lithium projects and enable our team to focus on the execution of Wave III, which represents further 150,000 metric tons of conversion capacity. We expect to make investment decisions on the first projects from Wave III as early as the middle of this year. This includes a greenfield site in China and potentially the acquisition of a Chinese conversion plant. I would like to mention that the Chilean Nuclear Energy Commission, or CCEN, has confirmed that our resource and reserves report is in full compliance following the additional data we provided in January. We are committed to complying with our regulatory obligations around the world, and we are pleased to reach a satisfactory and collaborative resolution with CCEN. Finally, in bromine, we are accelerating our growth projects and expect to see the benefit of these projects beginning in 2022. I'll now turn the call over to Scott to review the first quarter results.
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Kent. I'll begin on Slide 6, and I'm happy to report on a strong start to the year. For the first quarter, we generated net sales of $829 million, a 12% increase from last year. This was driven by increased volumes across our three core businesses, as well as a favorable customer mix within our bromine unit. GAAP net income was $96 million. Adjusted EPS of $1.10 excludes the cost of early debt repayment that we incurred when we delevered in March following our equity raise. Our sales growth enabled us to generate adjusted EBITDA of $230 million, up 17% from last year, giving us an early start to meeting our guidance for the full year. Now turning to Slide 7 for a look at adjusted EBITDA by business. Adjusted EBITDA in total was up $34 million over last year, thanks to stronger lithium and bromine results and a foreign exchange tailwind. Lithium's adjusted EBITDA increased $30 million versus the prior year as some customers accelerated orders for battery grade carbonate and hydroxide into the first quarter. To meet this demand, we drew down lower cost inventories resulting in Q1 margin expansion. Average realized pricing was down 10% as expected due to lower carbonate and technical grade pricing. However, increased volumes more than offset the lower price. Market demand remains very strong but our plants are sold out, which limits our ability to increase volumes in 2021. Bromine's adjusted EBITDA grew by about $8 million compared to the first quarter of 2020, an increase of 9%. The strong quarter was due primarily to higher sales volumes across the product portfolio. Pricing was also higher, in large part related to a favorable customer mix. The US Gulf Coast winter storm reduced production and increased cost by about $6 million in the quarter. And just like lithium, we drew down inventory in Q1 and our bromine plants are sold out for the year, making it difficult to offset the production losses from the storm. We expect to see the impact from lost production in the Q2 and Q3 time frame. Catalysts adjusted EBITDA declined $23 million, primarily due to the US Gulf Coast winter storm, which impacted production in Bayport and Pasadena, Texas. These sites incurred increased electric and natural gas costs, production downtime and repair expenses that totaled $26 million. Our Q1 catalyst results from last year included $12 million of income that was later corrected as an out of period adjustment, which further complicates the year-over-year comparison for this quarter. Without this and the storm impact, our Catalyst EBITDA would have been up 31%. Our corporate and other category adjusted EBITDA increased by $4 million, primarily due to lower corporate costs. Slide 8 highlights the company's financial strength. With the proceeds from our $1.5 billion equity offering in February, we repaid debt. By deleveraging in the short term instead of holding the proceeds as cash, we were able to reduce interest expense and create the debt capacity that will allow us to accelerate our growth for the lithium and bromine businesses, funding investments as they are approved. You can see how we are executing on our commitment to grow our dividend and maintain our investment grade credit rating. We increased our dividend for the 27th consecutive year, which speaks to our ongoing success and a track record of shareholder returns, which we are proud to maintain. On Slide 9, we provide a look at our guidance for the year. I would like to note that our company guidance for the year includes a full year of Fine Chemistry Services results. In February, we entered into an agreement to sell the FCS business for proceeds of approximately $570 million. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2021. We've also given a breakout of second half guidance for FCS for modeling purposes. As we've discussed, our lithium and bromine businesses outperformed expectations for the quarter, primarily driven by accelerated customer orders and a favorable customer mix. We do not expect to see the same upside over the next three quarters, mostly because our lithium and bromine businesses are effectively sold out and we don't have excess inventory to meet increased demand. Timing of orders can shift from quarter-to-quarter but the outlook for full year volumes is mostly unchanged, except for modest increases in lithium. We continue to monitor the chip shortage at automotive manufacturers for impacts to lithium and bromine. And so far, we've not seen an impact. This may be due to our position in the supply chain. In May, IHS revised their forecast for 2021 EV production down 3% from prior forecasts related to microchip shortages and supply chain issues. EV production is still though expected to be up 70% year-over-year. We are maintaining our company guidance for the full year and continue to expect net sales to be in the $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion range, which is slightly higher than last year. The demand we saw during the first quarter and sold out volumes speak to the importance of investing in our lithium and bromine businesses to add to our future earnings potential. Our 2021 guidance for adjusted EBITDA remains between $810 million and $860 million. We continue to expect CapEx to be around $850 million to $950 million for the year as we complete our Wave II lithium projects and begin focusing our efforts on Wave III. Net cash from operations are also tracking on plan. As the year progresses, we expect higher inventories as we start to commission the two new lithium plants and higher cash taxes. Expectations for adjusted diluted EPS of $3.25 to $3.65 are on track, reflecting higher taxes, depreciation and increased share count and lower interest expense. While our total company guidance has not changed, the outlook for our lithium and catalyst businesses has, as shown on Slide 10. Our outlook for the lithium business has improved due to higher lithium volumes driven by plant productivity improvements, and we have added some tolling of lithium carbonate. We expect lithium prices to improve sequentially through the remainder of the year due to tightening market conditions. Overall, average realized pricing for the year will be flat compared to last year. We continue to expect higher costs in 2021 related to project startups, but this will be partially offset by efficiency improvements. In total, lithium EBITDA is now expected to be up high single digits on a percentage basis. The outlook for our catalyst business is lower than we had originally planned, offsetting the upside we expect from lithium. On a year-over-year basis, total catalyst results were projected to be down about 30% to 40%. This is primarily due to the impact of the US Gulf Coast winter storm and delays in customer FCC units. Our outlook for the bromine business has not changed. While we had a very strong first quarter, we do not expect the favorable customer mix to continue in future quarters and we will not be able to make up the lost production in the first quarter. In addition, raw material costs are moving higher. We continue to expect results to be modestly higher than last year due to continued economic recovery and improvements in certain end markets, including electronics and building and construction, along with ongoing cost savings and improved pricing. Finally, as to our quarterly progression for the full company, we expect Q2 to have modest growth in EBITDA and the second half to have a modest decline. We continue to expect that 2022 results will benefit from accelerated growth plans in bromine, recovery in catalysts and the initial lithium sales from La Negra III, IV and Kemerton I and II. And with that, I'll hand it back to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Scott. As I mentioned earlier, in April, we signed the UN Global Compact, a voluntary leadership platform for the development, implementation and disclosure of responsible business practices. In addition to supporting the UNGC principles, we are aligning our sustainability framework to the UN Sustainable Development Goals, the largest corporate sustainability initiative in the world. Over the past year, we've increased ESG disclosure, published updated sustainability policies and made public commitments to advance sustainability. Sustainability is, by its nature, a long term commitment. But I'm pleased to report that we are beginning to see the benefits of our efforts. For example, Albemarle was recently recognized and added to the S&P 500 ESG Index. You can expect more details on these and other sustainability related initiatives in our 2020 Annual Sustainability Report due to be issued in June. Now on Slide 12, I'd like to reiterate our corporate strategy. We have started 2021 with a strong quarter and continue to make progress on our four strategic pillars. We are completing our Wave II projects and plan for those to deliver commercial volumes and generate sales in 2022. We are making plans to execute on our Wave III lithium projects as well as expand our bromine resources to align with growing customer demand. And we are laser focused on operational discipline to drive maximum productivity across our businesses. We continue to expect around $75 million of productivity improvements this year and we will continuously work to improve efficiencies within our operations. With a revitalized balance sheet, we are well positioned to invest in high return growth, maintain our investment grade credit rating and support our dividend. Finally, sustainability remains a top priority and key component of our value proposition to our customers, and we are dedicated to exploring opportunities such as the UN Sustainable Development Goals to help us implement these efforts. With that, I'd like to open the call for questions, and we'll hand over to Olivia.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question coming from the line of David Deckelbaum with Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: I wanted to follow up on your questions around potentially looking at acquiring a Chinese hydroxide conversion facility. Can you just expand upon that a bit and just help us understand what sort of metrics are you using to weigh acquisition right now? We've seen a lot of your peers looking to expand conversion capacity in the Western Hemisphere. How should we think about the scale of this and what sort of things you'd be looking for before making an acquisition like that?
Kent Masters: So I'll make a few comments, and then Eric can give you some detail if I don't get there. But we've looked at China very much, we're very familiar with the operators there, and we've been kind of looking at these opportunities for some time. We've made acquisitions in the past so we feel pretty comfortable with this, with the assets that are on the ground and what we would need to do to move them to our standards. So we did that at Xinyu. We bought an asset and we've expanded, and we consider that to be very successful. So we like the model. We're comfortable. We've got people on the ground in China. So we're able to do good due diligence. We’d be able to staff a new facility with -- partially from people from our existing plants. So we feel very comfortable with the strategy. And then I think it seemed like part of your question was about people looking at different geographies. And we're looking at different geographies as well, but we still see growth in Asia as being a big part of the growth coming forward. And ultimately, we'll be moving in other locations around the world. But we still see growth in Asia, which is why we're looking at this as a strategy.
David Deckelbaum: And then just perhaps on my follow-up, you talked about just pricing this quarter, obviously, driven by increased volumes of greater mix of carbonate and industrial grade. As we think about growth coming online from Wave II, when do you think we should think -- as we think about pricing with contract rolling, at what point do we see battery grade making up a greater component of the overall mix? Is that really like a late 2023 dynamic just given sort of delays around qualification, or how should we think about that as you guys increase capacity into the market?
Kent Masters: So I think that means a big piece is already battery-grade material and both carbonate and hydroxide. But I'll let Eric get into the details, maybe around timing as they layer in.
Eric Norris: So the volume -- just to build on what Kent said, 60% of our business today is energy storage, and that's split between carbonate and hydroxide relatively evenly as we sit here today. With the expansions coming on, we have -- it will still be split because we have a large expansion in Kemerton on hydroxide and similarly one in La Negra on carbonate. So that's where our growth is. As we bring that capacity on, that's where the volume will go. So that 60% of sales will grow larger on a volume basis. Now in terms of pricing, that's an evolution that we're going through now in our contracts. We've had, as you may know, concessions we made to fixed price contracts we've done in the past. And while that's given us security of supply to run our plants and strong margins at the bottom of the cycle, we're now evolving those pricing mechanisms to give us more exposure to the market as it recovers. And that will benefit this volume as well, bring on volume under new terms that will allow us to benefit from a rising market.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Joe Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Robin on for Joel. You talked about being limited on lithium inventories to meet your own demand. How much offline conversion in spodumene capacity do you see reramping in the industry this year to meet total industry demand? And how quickly do you see industry inventories rebuilding, or maybe you can talk about overall tightness and what that could mean for pricing?
Eric Norris: I think the short answer to your question is while mines are restarting, there are still some that went into the bankruptcy phase in Australia that still haven't come back. It takes some time, particularly in Western Australia right now given the labor crisis and the rising iron ore prices, to mobilize both equipment and labor personnel to restart a plant. So what we foresee going forward, given the strong demand that's starting to develop -- has been under development in China and is now ramping around the world, that it's going to remain short in China. That spodumene is going to be a constraint. That is why you're seeing carbonate prices rise so quickly in China, where there is a high demand, in particular, for carbonate for some of the recovering industries in China post pandemic, but also because of the growth of LFP chemistry, specifically in China. And inventories are a bare minimum in the Chinese market and have come back to normal levels worldwide, which is why we were in a position during the first quarter to otherwise thought like as in prior quarters would not be a strong quarter, it was quite the opposite. We had to pull volumes forward into that to drive the growth that you saw. We're limited in what we can do, but we'll benefit greatly when we bring on that new capacity and be well positioned into 2022.
Unidentified Analyst: And just a quick follow up. So I assume the rationale to reinstate tolling is to meet that market tightness. So is that strategy temporary then? Maybe you can discuss the amount of volume from tolling and what the margin impact from that is? Because I think the previous long term target for lithium margins was closer to 40%. Obviously, things are trending sub 35 right now. Maybe you can just elaborate on those points.
Eric Norris: Tolling has always been a bridging strategy for us, and it's only ever done in carbonate because we feel that there's adequate carbonate capacity out there that can meet the standards for that product, and hydroxide is something we view as different and more proprietary. The bridging strategy, in this case, is to get us revamped in relationships with Chinese customers that we've supplied in the past, such that when we bring on La Negra III and IV next year, we have a ready customer base to take that on. So I would think of it as ad hoc or bridging. It's not a sustained strategy. It is something -- I can't get into the details of volumes per se. But it is to, as you point out, not as lucrative, not as high a margin of business for us because we're paying somebody to convert for us. So it moves us to the right on the cost curve, whereas we're normally on the left side, you're moving more towards the right, so that impacts margins. But it does provide incremental EBITDA, and it does set us up for a successful ramp next year.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: First, in Lithium, what was the benefit of the acceleration of customer orders into Q1 on EBITDA?
Scott Tozier: David, I'm going to have -- let me just take a quick look. But I think it's meaningful in terms of the volume. So it's probably in the $30 million range, something like that.
Kent Masters: Another way of seeing that, David, is that you may have had -- I don't know your model, but you may have had to get to guidance. You may have had a much stronger second half than first half. And because of the robust demand, whatever we make, we're selling. There's not very little going to inventory. So the quarters are going to be a lot more even or similar this year than they were last year for the Lithium business.
David Begleiter: And Eric, just on La Negra and Kemerton following the commissioning qualification processes, how should we think about volume ramp up for these two new assets?
Eric Norris: So we've said those will ramp up over a period of time. So we first turn it on, nothing to getting us to expect to get to a full ramp of say, 18 months and some of that depends on demand and customers. So over that first year per line, probably 40% or 50% of capacity in the first 12 months, that's probably the best way to think about it and some of that will depend on demand but we think -- we expect demand to be there.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: When you bring on your new capacity in 2022, '23 in lithium, how might you compare the pricing structures that will be negotiated versus the current pricing structures that you have today? That is, how has the market changed and how has Albemarle changed in the way that you charge your customers, or contemplate charging your customers?
Kent Masters: So we've been talking about kind of the shift in our commercial strategy in lithium for some time. We kind of intentionally delayed the conversion from kind of a strict long term fixed price contract. So one that is more indicative of the market, that moves more with the market, and that we'd have different types of customers we contract slightly different ways. We delayed the conversion of that a little bit because the market was so far down. We didn't think it was the right time to negotiate at the bottom of the market, so we held off on that. So that strategy hasn't changed and the new volume doesn't change that. So I think we're moving into that dynamic as we go through the next 12 months, or the contracts we'll be negotiating will be on that new basis. So portfolio of customers with kind of customers who really want security of supply will be more of a fixed price, but it will still move with the markets and then contract with other people that look more like market prices, not spot prices contracted, but prices that move with the market. And that's what we've been talking about for the, I would say, almost the last year. And we did delay the implementation intentionally because we felt like we didn't want to negotiate at the bottom of the market.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Colin Rusch with Oppenheimer.
Unidentified Analyst: It's Joe on for Colin. Can you speak a little bit to how challenging hiring is at this point as you get ready to bring capacity on early next year?
Kent Masters: So I mean there were two locations. So Chile and Kemerton, so Western Australia, and a different dynamic because we've got a significant operation in Chile already. So it's not such a challenge in that location, abigger issue in Chile at the moment is COVID. But we're able to bring people on there and we've been bringing them on, training them with existing staff. And Australia is a little different because it's a true greenfield facility, but we've been hiring. We’re happy with the plan. We’ve been doing well. In the labor market, it's a little different dynamic in the construction market than it is in the chemical operating market. So we've been able to hire according to our plans and ramp up staff that would operate the facility according to our plan. So that hasn't impacted us. What's been more of a challenge is in the construction labor market and getting the staff that we need to complete construction. And we were actually trying to accelerate it but we're not able to do that, we're just kind of treading water with our original plan.
Unidentified Analyst: And then switching gears a little bit. Beyond pricing, can you speak to any other elements of your long term contracts that you're working to improve given what seems like a better negotiating position?
Kent Masters: Well, I mean I guess it's several elements, but it's really about the guaranteed supply, the profile of that supply. Pricing is a big part of that and liabilities. Eric, you have…
Eric Norris: I would say that the big -- the evolution of the dialog, where we feel we have a lot of value to offer now is on location of supply as well as the localization. And we've referenced in our expansion strategies down the road how we can play to that. And for many of our customers that's a down the road consideration because the vast majority of the business today is still Asia based. And then the other is sustainability. Sustainability has been key. As OEMs become more involved and have thought through their value proposition, which is based on lower CO2 and other sustainable factors, they want suppliers who are differentiated in that regard. And what we are doing, what Kent described in the call has real value. We talk in these calls very much about what it means to shareholders of being part of the S&P 500 ESG Index. For me, it's about driving a value proposition with our customers and getting paid for it. So that's become a big part of our proposition as well.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Angel on for Vincent. Just curious on your Wave III, what are the key gating factors that you kind of see for both capacity and lithium and bromine before you actually announce FID?
Kent Masters: You said the key?
Unidentified Analyst: The key gating factors or what are the primary, I guess, checkpoints or things that you want to see before you actually make the FID decision?
Kent Masters: So I mean we're looking at projects, identifying them, designing in the plans for that. So I guess it's anything you would expect to see in a normal investment program. So we're making sure that we've got designs, the process chemistry that we like. We've aligned up -- we have the resources that's not an issue but a lot of it's about location, about permitting, workforce. I mean all the that you would see that we would line up. But we're relatively advanced at looking at that. And then obviously, when you get to that decision point, the returns are a big deal.
Unidentified Analyst: And then switching, I guess, to bromine a little bit. You talked about the favorable mix, customer, I guess, not repeating going forward. One, I guess, could you give us a little bit more color on that and why it won't repeat. And then as we think about kind of the second half or kind of 2Q and beyond, should we expect higher pricing in bromine to kind of offset both the shorter supply because of lost production and because of Uri and also the raw materials headwind that you mentioned?
Scott Tozier: I would start, and maybe Netha can add some additional color. But in the first quarter, the bromine market overall was relatively short. So it gave us some nice opportunities in the spot market to take advantage of that and get some upside. We're not expecting that kind of condition to continue through the rest of the year. But maybe, Netha, you have more specifics?
Netha Johnson: Just as Scott described, we had a chance to go sell some volume out of inventory to our noncontracted customers that increased demand based on market recovery, that's a unique opportunity and at very good pricing. We don't expect that to continue through the second half of the year. But just like other industrial businesses, as you look forward to the second part of your question, freight and raw materials are going up and they'll do the same for us and that will impact our business in Q2 and beyond for the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America.
Matthew DeYoe: Can we talk a little bit about the puts and takes on Lithium EBITDA as we move sequentially through the year? I kind of understand the transition from 1Q to 2Q. But it seems like you're guiding for price to improve sequentially as we move [here] but also costs are up. So perhaps like how much cost do you expect to incur with these new plant start ups and when would that roll off?
Scott Tozier: So in the second half, it’s up something in the range of $10 million to $15 million of incremental costs from those plants. It all depends on the timing of what those come in. But that's the kind of range that we're looking at ultimately. So as you look at the puts and takes, obviously, there's a limit in terms of our ability to supply additional volume. We're getting some out of tolling. Of course, that comes at a lower margin ultimately for us. So that's a bit of a drag from a margin perspective as well.
Matthew DeYoe: And then on catalysts, you made a comment that you don't expect to get back to pre COVID levels before late 2022, 2023. So can you just walk through your assumptions there? Is that just all miles driven or is there something else that's happening?
Scott Tozier: Ultimately, it's coming from our customers and what our customers are telling them. But maybe, Raphael, you can provide some additional color as to the specific parts of the market that are slower than others.
Raphael Crawford: So I think there's a few different pieces that come into play. I mean one of them is miles driven is a big driver of recovery in refining utilization. I think we're already starting to see an improvement in refining utilization, and you'll see that throughout the year and into next year, that's going to have -- will have a big effect on FCC usage at the refineries and our business, about 60% of our business is FCC, so we'll see that recovery. On the CFT or HPC business, that business is timed with turnarounds at refineries. A lot of that's been pushed out until 2022, and that's when we'll start to see an uptick in that business. The portfolio we have in our business is very much geared towards high performance. When refiners are running near capacity, that's really when the value of our products kicks in because we help them maximize on yield, maximize on the throughput through their assets. So as it recovers, we'll start to see that leverage effect in the return of our business.
Matthew DeYoe: And so just right now, you're seeing mix just mixing down across some of the catalyst because people don't need their utilization through the refiners…
Raphael Crawford: Yes, I think that's a fair statement. We see a mix impact and a volume impact, but we expect both of those to reverse as the world recovers.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: I'm just curious what you're seeing, I guess, in China. There's been obviously some robust recovery in lithium markets in there as well as in Europe. Do you expect that to kind of continue into next year? Is there an environment or scenario where you see prices kind of getting back to say the $12,000 to $14,000 per ton range? Maybe you can just comment on what your outlook for pricing is for hydroxide.
Kent Masters: It's hard to comment too much on price. I mean those are the -- that's the magic question. But the market is clearly moving in that direction. And you're seeing the demand growth, so the demand growth we expect to continue. I mean, what we're seeing is it's extraordinary, but it may not be 135%, but it's going to be 70%, 80% for the year around EV levels, and lithium is going to follow that. So demand growth is going to be there. And pricing has moved very quickly in China because that's mostly a spot market, so it would move quicker. That hasn't translated into the contract market fully yet. So it has started to, we think, and we see that moving in that direction over time. It's hard to predict what's going to happen out into the future, but we see prices moving up. And that what's happening in the spot market will translate into the contract prices and that will be a positive for Albemarle.
Arun Viswanathan: And just as a quick follow-up then. A couple of years ago, you were discussing contracts with term lengths of maybe seven, 10 years at times. Have you seen your customers kind of come back to you now with requests to kind of elongate their contracts or -- yes, maybe you can just comment on the customer environment from a contracting perspective.
Kent Masters: Let me start, Eric can add some detail to that. But I would say, I mean, our philosophy hasn't really changed. We've adjusted a bit on the kind of the nature. I would say we've evolved in our contracting structure, but it's really still the same philosophy. And I think our customers are kind of coming around to that way of thinking a bit. And I think it's changing because some of it's with OEMs now. Several years ago, we were talking to cathode makers, then battery makers and now it's OEMs and still talking across all three of those areas, but the OEMs are getting more involved, and they have a longer-term view. So I don't know about 10 year contracts, but three year, five year, maybe seven on the longest term. But those are the kind of -- that's the nature of the contracts that we're discussing. I don't know anyone's pushing us further than that.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Aleksey Yefremov with KeyBanc.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Paul on for Aleksey. Could you update us on any lithium recycling initiatives currently so far?
Eric Norris: Recycling is a key platform for us going forward from a growth standpoint, both because our customers who, as Kent just indicated, are increasingly OEMs value that as part of their partnership with us and because a good amount of the knowhow we have from processing lithium is going to be replicable in the streams that will come from a recycled process. We've got investments we've made and start ups are looking at making through some relationships we have. We've got technology initiatives underway with some business development activities underway to partner. We have one joint development agreement, which we’re currently doing with the customer. All these are all confidential at this stage, so I can't divulge names. But it's a pretty comprehensive effort and a critical one for our growth going forward. We view this as a future resource that we would like to play prominently in.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of John Roberts from UBS.
Matt Skowronski: This is Matt Skowronski on for John. Going off of Jeff's question earlier, you mentioned that you're restructuring some of your lithium contracts. And I believe on the last call, you mentioned the majority of these contracts will eventually have some sort of variable based pricing tied to an index. When do you expect the majority of your contracts be based on this variable price mechanism and how frequently does a typical contract allow for price adjustments?
Eric Norris: You're right, our legacy contracts had, as Kent described in the past, a fixed price mechanism. And during the crisis of the past year plus we gave some relief on that, that relief clause expires during the course of this year. Some in the middle of this year, all by the end of the year. For our legacy contracts that's the time frame we'll be looking to move to the new structure that we'd earlier described and that will give us that upside to have price rise with the market more freely than it would have under the fixed price constructs. And it's the basis for any new contracts we've struck. We've struck several new contracts, both with battery and automotive OEM producers in the past three, six months and they are in that same construct. Now it's important to note, it's not one structure. We have some customers who actually value more consistency. And obviously, that's a higher price point from a fixed price standpoint, so we can get our returns over the cycle. And there are certain commitments we'll make to go along with them on volume. On the other hand, those who are more fixated on price we'll have a component of our mix there. We will be a little more -- just more discretion about how long we go on some of those contracts. And so there's going to be a mix there is kind of a mix that we see, but the underlying message is exposure to a rising market.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Ben Kallo with Baird.
Ben Kallo: Just on bromine, I know it's on the top of du jour, but the chip shortage that we see, everyone sees out there, can you talk about how your visibility is on that, or what you could gain if there is semiconductor new builds and if that [benefits] you? And then just on the lithium side, Scott, back when the worry was around not enough batteries being produced and from our EV coverage, I think that's a worry too. But what you guys see on that side as far as new capacity being built and how you guys are modeling that yourselves and the visibility on that?
Scott Tozier: So let me start with the second part first with the battery. I mean, we're focused on making sure we get the lithium that goes with the market. And we model that from the vehicle backwards to the battery and then to the cathodes, and there's a lot of plans and capacity being added. I don't know that we -- we're not going to put an opinion out there about capacity for batteries. We're very focused on making sure that we've got -- our part of the lithium market that we're building out -- what all of our growth plans are about. Those investments and executing on those investments, so we've got lithium to provide that market. So I don't think we should comment about the capacity in the battery market, but we see a lot of projects and a lot of capability in executing those projects. Maybe Netha could talk a little bit about the chip shortage and how that impacts bromine from a, I guess, that would be across all the electronics space.
Netha Johnson: Ben, we see the electronics market is really strong. But as Scott mentioned, we're not seeing the chip shortage impact us. A strong semiconductor chip electronics market is definitely good for us. But with us being sold out, we have very limited additional capacity to leverage that in the rest of the year. So we do have contracted volumes in those markets. Those volumes are being ordered as we expect. And so we don't really see that as an issue right now. Now things could always change but from where we sit in the supply chain, we're not seeing an impact right now with the chip shortage.
Kent Masters: And I think it's a little bit -- Ben, part of your question was just about an advantage we might see coming forward. I think that's really just going to be about demand of those electronics. So they need more chips, those underlying applications where we play, whether it's in automotive or just call it, the Internet of Things, so proliferation of chips and that's an advantage for us, but they have to be able to keep up with it for it to be an advantage for us.
Ben Kallo: And if I could sneak one more in. What about just the overall flexibility of the three businesses? And I know you guys have done a lot, but just overall, 80% of the questions are about lithium here. So how do you think about the portfolio altogether?
Kent Masters: So we've got three core businesses and it's a portfolio. So catalyst is struggling a little bit, their market is not as strong because the miles driven and the issues we saw from COVID there. Bromine held up very well during the pandemic. And then really, EVs and then part of that, the lithium market was accelerated through COVID because really the European response to the COVID was really about clean energy and electric vehicles. So I think the portfolio effect is working for us. I mean we'd love for all three businesses to be striking on all cylinders but that's part of the portfolio. We think they're key businesses. They all fit into the sustainability angle that we're pushing. There's a sustainability piece for all three of those businesses, and that's kind of what ties them all together, and we like that portfolio. And it's working because when one business is down, the other two are doing quite well and that will probably cycle.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital.
Chris Kapsch: So my question relates to lithium business in the industry and focused on your visibility more specifically. So the industry at this point is still pretty China centric and in the materials space, China has been notoriously sort of double ordered or build excess inventories during periods of rising commodity prices. And on the flip side, as this industry has witnessed the pain can be pretty acute when prices are coming in with destocking in the supply chain exacerbating the downward pricing pressures. Granted this lithium chemicals for the battery application are not as commodity oriented as say copper or iron ore or something. But I'm just wondering if you could comment on the ability right now for the industry to build back inventories or safety stocks, or buffer stocks? And maybe also speaking to your visibility, how is this changing along with the procurement strategies, which are migrating maybe away from cathode producers simply to cathode plus battery and in some cases, OEs? So just if you could speak to visibility on that, what the dynamic is currently and how you see that evolving.
Kent Masters: So I mean, I guess, a bit about China. I'm not sure we have a ton more visibility, but there's not -- I mean we're fighting to keep up with demand. I think the industry is doing the same. So I don't think they're building -- anybody's building inventory in the supply chain, and that probably goes from batteries, the cathodes to materials as well. I mean from our perspective, we're not building inventories. We actually sold down inventories to take advantage, or to satisfy demand in the first quarter. And I don't know, Eric, if you have any more visibility around that?
Eric Norris: No, I mean the industry is tight, up and down not just in China but around the world, and a consequence in some regards of just how bad it got last year from a value standpoint. There's a lot of capacity went out of the market, a lot of projects slowed down. So it's going to take a while to catch up and yet demand is accelerating. So we don't see a let up in the situation, which is one reason why we won't give a specific number. We see price rising going forward for the foreseeable future. China is still very important to the industry. If there's a delay anywhere in building out capacity downstream for batteries, it's outside of China. So Asia continues to be an important point going forward, which certainly in the near term suits where we're bringing on capacity. So we're very optimistic about being able to place that capacity we bring on next year.
Kent Masters: And I would just say one thing that's a little different than some of the other industries that kind of mining industries, iron ore, ferrous materials. I mean we are integrated into the resource and into the conversion as well. And that's not all China, the resources are really not in China, a lot of the conversion capacity and the customer demand today is in China. And we spent a lot of effort making sure we have a diverse resource base from a resource standpoint and also from a conversion specific. So we're not too heavy in China. It's why you see us building in Western Australia, and we're doing conversion capacity in Chile as well. So we focus on that diversification from a resource standpoint and a conversion basis as well. And in some cases, it's more expensive for us to do that but we think it's important.
Operator: And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Kent Masters for closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thank you, Olivia. And again, thank you all for joining us today. All the efforts and opportunities we discussed today require execution, and we have the capabilities, the resources and most importantly, the people to execute on our strategy. We expect to achieve accelerated growth with lower capital intensity, which should enable us to achieve higher returns. We will continue to work on our sustainability throughout the value chain, not only within Albemarle's operations but by continuing to support our customers. Thank you, and we look forward to speaking to you on our next call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Albemarle Corporation Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference to your speaker today, Meredith Bandy, VP of Investor Relations & Sustainability. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Meredith Bandy: All right. Thank you, Joelle. And welcome to Albemarle’s fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the closing the market yesterday and you will find the material posted to our website under the Investor Relations section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine and Eric Norris, President, Lithium, are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call including our outlooks, expected company performance, expected impacted impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and proposed expansion projects may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements in our press release and that same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP, a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our presentation, both of which are on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thanks Meredith. And thank you all for joining us today. On today's call, I will highlight recent accomplishments and discuss our strategy to capitalize on the very attractive long-term growth trends we see for our businesses. Scott will give more detail on a result outlook and capital allocation. I'm pleased to say that Albemarle reported solid fourth quarter results including net sales of $879 million and adjusted EBITDA of $221 million, both of which were at or above the high end of our previous outlook. I'm also encouraged by the rebound we began to see in the second half of the year particularly for bromine and lithium. We expect to generate full-year 2021 net sales of between $3.2 billion and $3.3 billion and adjusted EBITDA of between $810 million and $860 million, both up from 2020 results. As I'm sure you're aware earlier this month we completed a $1.5 billion capital raise. The proceeds of this offering provide the financial flexibility to execute our long-term strategy including the acceleration of high return growth projects. Now, if we turn to slide five, we have a clear strategy to drive sustainable value for our shareholders. Albemarle has four primary strategic objectives. First, we will grow profitably. We have identified and planned a portfolio of low capital intensity high return projects. These projects lever our diverse world-class resources in both lithium and bromine. Over the past five years, we have built the internal team and capabilities to execute these projects on time and on budget. In addition, we have the long-term commercial relationship with customers that are required for these projects. We are working to ensure that we are aligning with their strategic requirements while achieving adequate returns for our shareholders. Of course, the majority of our growth will be lithium. But at the same time, we will be investing in our bromine projects. This will include highly efficient Brownfield projects with attractive returns and short paybacks. I'm sure, Netha will be happy to give you more detail when we get to Q&A. Second, we will maximize productivity. Over the past year, we have optimized earnings and cash flow generation across our business including our very successful, sustainable cost savings program. Operational discipline is essential for generating cash flow and supporting growth. And we will not take our eyes off the ball, even as we move into an accelerated growth phase. Third, we will invest with discipline, focusing our capital investments on our highest return opportunities, just as we have in the past, we will actively assess our portfolio for opportunities to unlock shareholder value. We will also continue to maintain our investment grade credit rating and support our dividend. Fourth, and finally, we will advance sustainability across our businesses, which is a core value for Albemarle. Our aim is to increase sustainability throughout the value chain from the resource to the end use of our products. Most recognizably, we develop lithium products that enable the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions through the adoption of battery electric vehicles. Our catalyst business contributes to sustainability by helping refiners produce cleaner transportation fuels. And our bromine products contribute to consumer safety by preventing fires and electronic equipment. With continued regulatory changes, advancements in technology and investments in infrastructure like charging stations, the current environment is ideal for a step-change in EV adoption. We are seeing this play out in the acceleration of global EV sales led by rebounding demand in China and new demand in Europe. Global EV sales increased 45% during 2020 and are expected to increase by over 70% in 2021. On the right hand side of the slide, you see demand projections for lithium over the next five to 10 years. Based on our internal estimates, we believe demand will reach more than 1.1 million tons by 2025, up from around 300,000 tons today. This is slightly higher than third party projections from industry analysts like Benchmark Minerals Roskill and the CRU Group. But as you can see, the consensus is that the industry expects to see significant growth in the coming years. As the industry leader in lithium, Albemarle is able to take these external estimates, internal forecast and discussions with our strategic customers and suppliers to generate a detailed demand forecast. On slide seven, you see other metrics we use to gauge the future of the lithium market. While Albemarle's demand outlook for lithium is above third party estimates. Our outlook is below some of the more ambitious targets from automotive OEMs. For example, Tesla's vision of three terawatt hours of battery production by 2030 would translate to roughly 2.3 million tons of lithium. That means that Tesla's demand alone would exceed estimates for the entire market. Additional regulatory impacts for example, if the U.S. decides to adopt more European like EV incentives would be incremental to our estimates. Total lithium demand is expected to grow by about 30% per year from 2020 to 2025, led by lithium consumption and electric vehicles, which is expected to grow by 47% per year. Two other trends support lithium demand, increased adoption of battery electric vehicles and larger battery size. Battery electric vehicles and larger battery size improve the consumer experience with longer driving ranges and innovation in batteries is also driving shorter charging times. It's important to note that this outlook does not assume a major shift in battery technologies over the next five years. Advanced battery technologies like solid state batteries could potentially increase lithium intensity later this decade. Since 2015, we've nearly tripled our nameplate conversion capacity to 85,000 tons per year. Later this year, we expect to complete two major projects, which we refer to as Wave 2. Wave 2 consists of La Negra III and IV project and Kemerton I and II projects, which will more than double our current capacity to 175,000 tons per year. Over the last five years, we engaged with our customers with long term volume commitment to execute this portfolio of projects. Now, with this new acceleration in demand, customers are asking us to repeat the model. Our next two waves of expansion could once again more than double our nameplate capacity. With lower capital intensity, we expect these projects to generate very attractive returns. The identified and planned Wave 3 projects would add 150,000 tons of annual capacity over the next three to five years. This third wave includes a conversion plan in China, which would be part of our MARBL joint venture, a smaller expansion at our silver peak asset in Nevada. Another plant in China on a new mega site, and Kemerton III and IV, a brownfield project in Australia. We also have identified opportunities for a fourth wave of projects. These could include further expansions in Australia, China and Southeast Asia, and the potential to restart the mine and expand our conversion facility at Kings Mountain in North Carolina. Wave 4 also includes options to support customers looking to localize supply, for example, by converting carbonate to hydroxide near the battery manufacturer. And before we continue, let me update you on our Wave 2 projects. So La Negra III and IV enables us to add lithium carbonate capacity at the very low end of the cost curve, the project remains on track for mechanical completion in mid 2021. Kemerton I and II, our new lithium hydroxide conversion plant in Western Australia is on track to reach mechanical completion late in 2021. Kemerton is core to our hydroxide capacity in line with expected strong long term market demand. Both of these projects will add significant commercial lithium sales beginning in 2022, following commissioning and customer qualification processes. As we move from Wave 2 to Wave 3 projects and beyond, we expect an estimated 40% reduction in capital intensity to support compelling economic returns. We can achieve these capital efficiencies and returns for three key reasons. First, we were able to leverage our experience in project execution by building standardized plants with economies of scale. For example, we expect new hydroxide plant would be a standard two trains or 50,000 tons per year, similar to what we are building at Kemerton today. Second, in many cases, we're moving from Greenfield to Brownfield economics, just as today we're moving from La Negra I and II to La Negra III and IV. Likewise, we'll move from Kemerton I and II to Kemerton III and IV and so on. As with Kemerton, the focus will be on building what we call mega sites, standardize large scale plants, able to support multiple trains for lithium conversion. Finally, we'll be buying or building additional facilities and low cost jurisdictions, as we did when we successively acquired and then expanded our Xinyu [ph] facility in China in 2016. Before I turn it over to Scott to review recent results, I'd like to acknowledge all the hard work by Albemarle team to continue to operate during the global pandemic, as well as their ability to achieve significant progress on our long term strategy. A year ago, when my predecessor laid out our 2020 strategic objectives, I don't think any of us can imagine how the year would play out. Despite all the challenges our team has delivered. We set ourselves up to grow profitably, keeping our major lithium capital projects on track for 2021 completion. We maximize productivity achieving $80 million of sustainable cost savings in 2020, 60%. above our initial targets. We demonstrated financial discipline, completing our 26th consecutive year of dividend increases and maintaining our investment grade credit rating throughout the pandemic related downturn. And finally, we improve the sustainability of our businesses by establishing baseline environmental data and improving our reporting and transparency. Now I'll now turn the call over to Scott for a detailed review of the 2020 financial results.
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Kent and good morning everyone. Albemarle generated fourth quarter net sales of over $879 million, a decrease of about 11% compared to the prior year. But at the high end of our previous outlook. This reduction was primarily due to reduce prices and lithium has expected coming into the year and reduced volumes in catalysts offset by improvements in bromine. GAAP net income was $85 million, adjusted EPS of $1.17, excludes a pension mark-to-market loss due to lower discount rates. As Kent stated, adjusted EBITDA was $221 million, above the high end of our previous outlook. Turning to slide 13 for a look at adjusted EBITDA by business segment. Lithium's EBITDA declined by $17 million versus the prior year. Pricing was down about 20% in the quarter due to contract pricing adjustments agreed in late 2019, as well as product mix. Volumes were higher than expected due to a combination of improving demand and customers fulfilling their full year contract commitments. Cost savings help offset the impact of lower prices. Bromine's EBITDA was up about $7 million, the increase was due to higher volumes and higher pricing. Bromine is overall a good news story. The business has essentially rebounded to pre-pandemic levels. In Q4 they benefited from higher demand, customer restocking and some short term supply demand imbalances for both raw materials and finished goods. Catalysts EBITDA declined by $53 million, primarily due to lower volumes. This business continues to be the most challenged of the three due to ongoing travel restrictions, as well as reduced refinery capacity utilization and margins. Fluid Catalytic Cracking or FCC volume improved sequentially, but remained down compared to the prior year quarter. Hydroprocessing catalyst or HPC volumes were also down with a tough comparable relative to an unusually strong Q4 2019. Our corporate and other category EBITDA decreased by $8 million, due to a mix of slightly lower fine chemistry services results and slightly higher corporate costs. The FCS business is contract driven and can vary quarter to quarter. Full year results were very strong compared to history. Comparing the full year to fourth quarter, you can see it and get a sense of the rebound we started to see in the second half of 2020, particularly for lithium and bromine. We are pivoting capital allocation to prioritize high return growth projects to align with strategic customer demand and maintain our leadership positions. We remain committed to preserving the financial flexibility necessary to fund growth and to maintain our investment grade credit rating. We'll also continue to support our dividend. Although dividend growth may be lower than the historical average, while we build out the next wave of growth projects that will enable higher return opportunities. Finally, we will pursue a disciplined and thoughtful approach to investments, including M&A and joint ventures. As we said in the past, the most likely M&A you'd see us do would be bolt on acquisitions of lithium conversion assets, in cases where buying allows us to grow more quickly and generate better returns than building. We are finalizing the sale of our Fine Chemistry Services and performance catalysts solutions businesses and expect to update you in the coming months. Let's turn to slide 15 for look at our balance sheet. The primary use of proceeds from our equity offering is to accelerate profitable growth. The 90% or about 90% of the proceeds are for lithium growth, with most of the remainder for enhancements to our bromine business. The returns on these projects are highly attractive, and we expect to generate returns at least two times our weighted average cost of capital at mid cycle pricing. These are large, long dated projects with a bulk of incremental spending in 2022 through 2025. In the meantime, instead of holding the proceeds as cash we plan to delever, which will reduce interest expense and cash drag on the balance sheet. This will enable us to use cash and debt capacity to fund investments as they are approved. Our long term target net leverage ratio remains two to two and a half times adjusted EBITDA. Pro forma for the offering, we're below that range, but expect to increase our leverage as needed to accelerate growth and deliver returns to shareholders. Overall, we expect 2021 results to improve year-over-year. For the total company we expect net sales to be higher year-over-year as our businesses continue to recover from the events of 2020. Adjusted EBITDA of between $810 million and $860 million also suggests potential upside compared to 2020, due to higher net sales and ongoing cost savings. We expect CapEx to be slightly higher year-over-year as we begin to execute our accelerated growth projects. However, as they I mentioned earlier the bulk of that spending for these projects will be in 2022 to 2025. Net cash from operations is expected to be lower due to higher cash taxes and higher inventories, as we start up the two new lithium plants. Expectations for adjusted diluted EPS of $3.25 to $3.65 is lower than last year due to higher taxes and depreciation, as well as the increased share count. Due to the recent severe winter weather, we have temporarily shut down four of our U.S. plants; Our Bayport, Pasadena, Magnolia and Baton Rouge plants have been down since Monday. Once it is safe to do so, we will restart these facilities. And this situation is still evolving. At this point, we expect some impact to Q1 results and potentially Q2. It's possible the weather will have more of an impact than what is currently included in this outlook. And we'll update you if there are any material changes. Let's turn to slide 17. Lithium results are expected to be relatively flat compared to 2020. We expect slightly higher volumes, with the restart of North American production late last year, as well as modest efficiency improvements. As usual, we expect volumes to be back half weighted for lithium. At this point, we still anticipate slightly lower pricing depending on full year average realized pricing for carbonate and technical grade products. Our new contracts structures provide increased flexibility to increase price in response to improving market prices. Lithium costs will be slightly higher year-over-year related to the startup cost associated with La Negra and Kemerton partially offset by continued cost and efficiency improvements. And as Kent discussed, the long term growth story for lithium is intact. In catalysts, we expect 2021 results to be flat year-over-year, including higher PCS earnings. We expect the decline in North American refining catalysts volume. This is primarily a result of one customer who recently indicated that they would de-select album as catalysts due to our public support for electric vehicles. Longer term, we are continuing to position the catalysts business to grow in emerging markets and capitalize on our strengths as a global specialty chemicals producer in the crude to chemicals market and the renew renewable fuels market. Raphael, can give more color on the challenges and opportunities we see for our catalysts business during Q&A. In bromine, we expect full year 2021 results to improve modestly, with continued economic recovery and a return to sold out plants. Our ongoing savings initiatives should offset the impact of inflation. Looking ahead, we see steady demand increases for our flagship fire safety products driven by new technology trends, like 5G and electric vehicles. I'll turn it back to Kent to review our strategic objectives for 2021.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Scott. Albemarle finished strong in 2020. And we are excited about the opportunities ahead of us in 2021. We will continue to execute our long term strategy. The successful completion of our Wave 2 projects and investment decisions on new expansion projects in lithium and bromine. We are also working with customers to reach commercial agreements for a majority of new capacity prior to investing. We will continue to maximize productivity with operational discipline across our businesses, including cost reduction, lean principles, continuous improvement and project execution excellence. We expect to achieve $75 million of productivity improvements in 2021. We will be disciplined stewards of capital investing in high return growth, maintaining our investment grade credit rating and supporting our dividend. Finally, we will continue to implement and improve sustainability across our company including setting near term goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions at our existing operations and exploring science based target options for all three of our businesses. And with that, we'd like to open up the call for questions. So Joule, over to you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning, Kent, on recycling in lithium, when do you expect it to become a bigger part of the market? And what will be Albemarle's role in lithium recycling going forward?
Kent Masters: So, let me -- I'll start with that, maybe Eric can give a little bit more details. So I mean, we've got activities around lithium, but we expect that to be a number of years out before it becomes a major business. So basically, there has to be enough lithium in the market to - for it to run its lifecycle in a vehicle and then come back for recycling. So -- and I think our roll in that. I mean, we'll have to look at those business options. But when you see lithium being recycled, there's a component of that that looks a lot like our conversion facility. So we would anticipate that we would play in that, but it's a number of years out before that comes to fruition. So Eric, anything you want to add there?
Eric Norris: Sure, Kent. David, I'd add that, we have a number of efforts already with existing customers, both in the U.S. and in Europe, who are very focused on investing in recycling capabilities. In some cases, in Europe, it's part of the EU battery directive. Those targets within the EU, for example, are still being set and being discussed. The industry is offering its views on technology as our way and when it will be ready. And as Kent pointed out, we're doing some novel process development and linking it into how we might run our conversion plants or adapt those plants and those designs for that capability. So it is early days. But Albemarle is really well-positioned with its customer base, and it's spread across the various cathode technologies and with our global footprint to really take advantage of that trend as it develops in the next decade.
David Begleiter: Thank you. And just on your Wave 3 projects you listed on slide eight. When should we see, expect a formal announcement, and which projects will be moving forward? And how do you rank order these projects, right now, in your mind as likelihood of moving forward first?
Kent Masters: Yes. I think the order that we listed them, that's kind of our order. So we expect to see a China facility would be the first thing that we would move on. We're working on that, investigating it, doing planning around it now. But it's still at a point where it could be an acquisition. And then, an acquisition use in has some element of work to it before it really becomes an Albemarle facility, or a Greenfield plant. But we're working on that now. And we'd probably come to a FID on that late 2021, depending on whether it's an acquisition or a Greenfield.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Kallo with Baird. Your line is now open.
Ben Kallo: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe I'm just taking a step back. Could you talk a bit about just visibility in your lithium sales as we move into next year? Like we see all these announcements from big auto OMS [ph] and then smaller start-ups. And can you talk about how your salespeople attack those companies and then your lead time to that? And then maybe meet -- weaving in next year going from I think the Streets are like $850 million this year to over $1 billion of EBITDA next year. Not to ask for guidance for 2022, but just can you give us some puts and takes for growth in 2022 with both volume and then how you think about pricing as well? Thank you.
Eric Norris: Good morning, Ben. This is Eric Norris. First in terms of the visibility, we see near term, which I think was your first question. We have two approaches we take, right? One is exactly what Kent described in the call, which is a macro to micro approach of modeling demand. And that has led us with some of the announcements you've referenced to increase our demand outlook on a macro basis. That -- a big part of that is what happens on the ground with our salespeople. Our strategy has been and will continue to be to use contracts to secure long term volumes. That requires a discussion with a customer to commit anywhere from three to five years. And a discussion that follows that into the details of what they are looking at from a specific chemistry, location and quantity point of view. So I'd characterize our visibility is quite reasonable and good in that regard, giving us the certainty we need to expand and positioning us well in the market to grow with the additional resources we have. Maybe you could repeat your second question.
Ben Kallo: My second question was just -- the Street is modeling about 20% growth, and it's mostly coming from lithium from 2021 to 2022. Can you talk about the puts and takes that we should think about without giving -- without having to give guidance, but the volume you're bringing on and then how we should think about that versus pricing that maybe rebounds as you move to new contracts?
Scott Tozier: Yes. Ben, this is Scott. I'll take that question. So as you look into 2022, the volumetric growth coming from lithium with the startup of La Negra III and IV and Kemerton I and II is clearly the highlight for that year. However, we do see continued recovery in refining catalysts as transportation fuels, and refinery utilization continues to improve. And potentially some additional growth in bromine, as some of those early growth projects come to fruition, and we're able to place that into the market. So, I think we're well-positioned going into 2022 to see very meaningful and high return growth in that year.
Ben Kallo: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Chris Kapsch: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So, on the upward revisions here, 2025 lithium demand forecast, you pointed to, obviously, to EV penetration and the mix of EVs larger batteries as the drivers. I'm just wondering if you could provide color on the outlook from hydroxide versus carbonate standpoint. I'm just curious if the upward revision is tied mostly to higher energy density EVs, and therefore more skewed towards hydroxide?
Kent Masters: Morning, Chris. So relative to the demand question in the mix, it is weighted towards hydroxide. If you look at the market today, we see it being sort of a 30/70 split. And by the -- 30% hydroxide, that would bring that value. And if you look out to 2025. And there's going to be some error bars on this, of course. But it's about 60/40, 60% hydroxide. So the large part of the growth is in hydroxide high nickel chemistries. It's not to say there isn't growth in carbonate for more conventional technologies like LSP. But to enable the growth targets of the Western OEMs in particular, and the range they're looking for energy density is going to be hydroxide. And that's true even in 2021. The rate of growth we see for demand in 2021 is incrementally higher for hydroxide that it is for carbonate. And as you know, Albemarle is well-positioned no matter which way it goes. Because we have capacity coming on and we're doubling our capacity in both product lines. As we roll forward, look at Wave 3, the predominance of that is going to go towards hydroxide for the reasons I just referenced.
Chris Kapsch: Got it. That's helpful. And the follow-up is regarding your comments about your contracts, which sort of are seemingly kind of sort of a perpetual renegotiation right now. But what you mentioned the ability to lift prices higher. I'm curious if there's also a floor in the renegotiated contracts and if it applies to both EV supply chain customers and industrial grade customers also. And then just any color on just as the tone of the conversations given that the world kind of has changed over the last three to six months. If they feels like the leverage has shifted back from them to the suppliers given maybe concerns about security of supply? Thanks.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I'll start with that, and then maybe Eric gives some color. We're not sure. But I think for the industrial customers, I mean, the long term contracts are mostly in the EV market. So when we talk about our long term contracts, that's about the EV market less so on the industrial side. And I don't know, the leverage really has shifted, but it is changed the tone of the discussions. And it's -- we still sit with our long term prices above the spot market even with the moves that we've seen, but there's less pressure on those contracts. There's not that there's no pressure on those contracts, but there's -- I would say less pressure. If that trend continues, it will kind of move in the same direction. Eric, you want to top that off.
Eric Norris: The only thing I would add Kent and Chris is that these contracts, you've characterized them, Kent, as if or Chris, as if they have been perpetually negotiated and that they may be one size fits all, that's the change. We did make an adjustment, a concession as the market pricing collapsed a year ago. And now, we're moving into restructuring these contracts based on customer needs. And there are going to be some that are going to look like spot. And that's going to be, as Kent pointed out, some of those contracts in the TG area and perhaps in the China market. There's others are going to be like the old variety, but the vast majority is going to be variable based pricing that reflects some market index, global index, not necessarily just China. And that's positioning us well as we go into an improving market from a price standpoint to benefit from a growth standpoint.
Chris Kapsch: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lawrence Alexander with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. So, I guess two questions. First, on the recycling comments earlier, is the message that you'll engage in significant recycling, when the returns are double your whack? Or is it that you are engaging in a significant amount of R&D, to try and position yourself for when that market develops? I mean, like, are you subsidizing the market to some development to some extent? And secondly, can you speak to the trends in conversion costs, as specs change at the automotive OEMs? Are the costs rising or falling over the next few years?
Kent Masters: Yes. So on recycling, I think, I would say it's really we're investing R&D process. But we're talking to customers about what a business model might look like. But it's really an early phase of that. And we're investing at this point, and trying to figure out what the business model would look like and what our role would be in that. But we're also investing in R&D to kind of get us there. So, I don't think -- we're, we're not sitting and waiting till we get the returns that we expect. And the kind of the biggest driver for that is there's not going to be no lithium that's coming through the lifecycle to feed recycling processes for another number of years. And I'm sorry, the second question?
Laurence Alexander: Just with respect, as auto OEM or as the battery specs are evolving, as the conversion costs rising or falling, is it becoming tougher to meet those specs?
Kent Masters: Yes. So, I mean, the specs are evolving. And but I don't know the processing costs are really going up. So we're driving hard on productivity to try and drive those costs down. There are in some cases, some steps that we've modified in order to meet some of the specs around crystallization. I don't think it's driving the cost up at this point. But it's probably offsetting some of our productivity gains. But as it gets more sophisticated, but we get better at making it. A lot of that's about process control. We are looking at one step in the process that we have to add in, which would add a little bit of cost, but I think we would at a minimum we'd offset that with our productivity.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Harrison with Seaport Global Securities. Your line is now open.
Mike Harrison: Hi, good morning. Wanted to ask about the lithium business, your pricing and mix you said was down 20%. Typically, I think about pricing is flowing through pretty directly to the bottom line. And so that 20% decline would have been something like $80 million of an EBITDA headwind. Yet your EBITDA was only down $18 million. So how did you make up that fairly significant difference? It doesn't look like volume would have been big enough to make that up on its own.
Scott Tozier: Yes. This is Scott. I would I would point to. There is volume growth in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. But also we're seeing the results of our productivity actions from a cost perspective. And so, that's been a big focus that we started in 2019 as we're trying to maximize the productivity, and not only have the world-class resources that give us low costs, but also have low cost operations. And we're seeing the benefits of that very clearly in the fourth quarter. And we'll see benefit of that in 2021 as well, both on the cost basis, but also we're seeing some volumetric growth just from the yield enhancements and improvements that the engineers are able to get out of our plants. So all pointing in the right direction for us.
Eric Norris: And I would add to that. That mean those productivity improvements, that mean, they flow through, it's much more difficult to get them in flat volumes. As we get volume growth, those really start to show up. But there'll be new facilities, which will then kind of redo the playbook on productivity again. But I think as volume grows, those really show up more.
Mike Harrison: Understood. Okay. And then over on the catalysts side, you mentioned the changing customer order patterns affecting maybe the cadence of the year. But I wanted to dig in a little bit on this customer that de-selected you guys, because of your support for electric vehicles. Do you see that as kind of a one-off happening with a specific customer? Or are there other customers where you see this coming into play going forward?
Kent Masters: Yes. So difficult to predict the future, but we kind of see it as kind of one customer took exception. And we're going to work pretty hard to gain their confidence and get that customer back. But they've kind of taken a different view at the moment.
Mike Harrison: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just curious on the pricing outlook, you commented that maybe, your overall pricing would be down a little bit year-on-year in 2021 versus 2020. And we have seen some initial improvement in pricing, I guess, in certain markets. So, maybe you can just give us your thoughts on how price and both carbon and hydroxide evolves through the year as you see it. And maybe if there's any regional differences between China and North America, that'd be helpful? Thanks.
Kent Masters: So I'll make a comment and Eric can add some color. But I mean, I think we see the same numbers that you're seeing around spot prices. So they have moved China spot prices. So we sell little-to-no volume in China on a spot basis. So it's not directly applicable, but it is indicative of the market. But we've not really seen prices change outside of China for the contract prices we haven't really seen. But as I'd said earlier, it lessens the pressure on our discussions with customers. So it's not as much downward pressure, as we had seen, say, second quarter, third quarter of last year, because of spot prices have turned up. But we'll just have to see how it plays out during the year. At the moment, the spot prices are still below our contract prices. So it's not like a sea change. If it continues to move, that could give us some upside. But at the moment those prices are still below our contract prices.
Eric Norris: And so I'd add to that. The prices in China that you're seeing are largely carbonate, and have largely inflected in the past two months. It's a bit early. It's an encouraging sign, but a bit early to extrapolate that to the world. And as Kent pointed out, our business is biased to more world, or ex China prices and in China prices. And most of our outlook is around carbonate and TG products, not around necessarily battery grade hydroxide, which is relatively flat in its outlook. So it's an encouraging sign. And the way we've got our contracts structured, should it continue broaden and deepen over time that trend, then we're in extremely good position to benefit from that going forward. And we'll just continue to watch it. I would say it's a matter of from where we are today. It's not a matter of if prices inflect -- inflect upwards, broadly, it's just a matter of when. And 2021 is a transition year. I think as we go forward in the future years is going to get pretty tight.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for that detail. And maybe you could also offer your thoughts on maybe a little bit longer term, you noted that it is going to get pretty tight. Would you expect pricing to kind of head back towards prior peaks that we saw in 2017 and 2018? And also maybe you can just comment on that as it relates to spodumene as well? Thanks.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I would say I mean, we're predicting the future, right? And this industry is really only been through one down cycle, so we're coming off that. We don't anticipate that prices move back to the peaks that they were before, but we don't know that. So I think I'll leave it at that.
Eric Norris: Yes. On spodumene, we are -- because of what's happened in China, what's really -- the reason we believe prices have spikes in China is a fundamental shortage now -- available carbonate inventory and available spodumene supply and inventory. So what's that meant is now prices have started to inflect upward for chemical grades spodumene, which should that trend continue, will provide more supply into that market to meet that need. What that all means from a future standpoint, as Kent said, the calculus too hard to say, given the maturity of this market, and we'll continue to watch.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to bridge the Wave 3 on slide eight with sort of the plans from when you did the MARBL JV. And just looking back at that slide, you were going to build two stages of 50,000 tons of LCE at Wodgina, and it was going to be $1.6 billion split between the two parties. Doesn't seem like you're still planning to do that at Wodgina. So what's changed and why? And that $1.6 billion number as it relates to 250,000 ton plants? Is that still a good approximation of what it would cost in Australia? Presumably, it's less than China. Just if he could just help us bridge that that'll be very helpful?
Kent Masters: Yes. So I mean, I guess our plans around the MARBL JV have evolved. But -- so the initial conversion is the Kemerton I/ II. And as we see it today, the second conversion facility and the second 50,000 would be in China. And that would be probably that first project that we were talking about in the Wave 3 projects.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. But presumably, that's going to come in less than the Australian CapEx cost that you'd envisioned. Is that correct?
Kent Masters: Yes. Absolutely. So it'll be quite a bit less than a Western Australia plan.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And if I can also ask, what is the plan in terms of the Wodgina [ph] facility I believe is in care and maintenance mode right now? Do you intend to leave it like that? Or do you anticipate bringing it back online at some point this year?
Kent Masters: Well, I don't know about this year. So, we just have to see how we evolve as the Kemerton project comes on. And then we accelerate growth. I mean, Wodgina is on our plans for being a resource. It's a very good quality resource. So it's there. I don't know off the top -- and I don't want to commit to when we bring that resource on. But it would be as we start into these phase 3 projects, when we would need that-- need that resource.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you very much. I really appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is Cory on for Kevin. As it relates to the bromine business, at your 2019 Investor Day, you talked about expecting to resource discovery and expansion of offshore drilling. Obviously, things have changed. So how would you view the market changed? And can you talk a little bit more about your U.S. based bromine expansion?
Kent Masters: Yes. I think in terms of our view of the offshore oil market, I think it's muted slightly, things have changed a little bit. But we do see oil prices recovering, which we know with the lag time of six to nine months is going to be good for our business going forward. In terms of the U.S. expansion, it fits right along to the corporate strategy of accelerating lower capital intensity, higher return growth projects. Magnolia, for example, it's great jurisdiction for us. We've been there for decades. And we know those assets well. That really lends itself to investments that have a quicker return and a higher return. And those are the ones we'll leverage as we grow this business going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And if I'm may follow up, sort of pivoting here on divestitures. It sounds like you're close on performance catalysts. Do you have any expectations regarding aggregate proceeds and timing? And with lithium recovering and equity raises recently, would you consider separating the balance of your catalysts business at some point?
Kent Masters: Yes. So, I mean, FCS and PCS, we're on the same track that we were. It's gone slower, COVID slowed us down. But we're -- I'd say, we're back on track, but they're not done yet. And as we said in the prepared remarks that we'll kind of let you know when we get closer or those deals to get signed. On catalysts, I mean, we still think that we're kind of the best owners for that business. We've been in that business for some time. We add value. We've taken a hit over COVID-19 and the miles driven being down and refinery utilization, and all of those issues. But we still think we like the strategy of kind of becoming no more in crude to chemicals moving toward Asia as we move. And we still like the products we have and the innovation we have in that business. We think we're the best owners of that business for today. So we don't have immediate plans around divestiture of catalysts. They are core part of our businesses. Three businesses we have in the portfolio are all core for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Thank you very much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. You're bringing on 50,000 tons in Kemerton, 30,000 of which is yours, you're bringing on 40,000 tons at La Negra. And you said that demand is going to be really strong for electric vehicles over a three-year period, much stronger than people thought before? So as the base case, how many tons do you expect to sell out of those two units in 2022? I know it takes time to ramp up. So of the 40,000 and the 30,000 that's yours, as a base case, how much will you sell in 2022?
Kent Masters: So, Eric, if you want to look at the detail on that, I would think as we bring those plants on and ramp them up, we'd expect to be selling kind of half of each in the first year. That's fair. Yes. If you look at -- we have an example, Jeff, obviously, we in growth mode, we've done this one other time before as part of Wave 1, Wodgina II. And that plant came up a little north of 50%. But it was a Brownfield facility with much of the existing infrastructure in place from the acquisition we've made prior to that. Kemerton -- is Greenfield, considering that 50% feels reasonable. And the same with La Negra as well, for 2022.
Jeff Zekauskas: Right? And for my follow-up, is there any volume or EBITDA benefit from either of these two projects in 2021? And I guess the rock for Kemerton has to come from Talison Greenbushes. Because the other -- the Wodgina mine is on -- is sleeping. Is that correct? Or is that not correct? And what's the effect on 2021?
Kent Masters: Yes. I don't think you're going to see much in 2021. I mean, we've got increased costs, because we're commissioning, bringing those on. And if we were to -- if we could accelerate and get a little bit of sales, it'd be offset by those costs. But I wouldn't be planning on benefit in 2021. And initial -- and initially is most likely will feel that -- the Kemerton from the initial phases with Talison product.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from PJ Juvekar with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
PJ Juvekar: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Currently in China, the carbonate prices are higher than hydroxide prices, because of comeback of the LSP batteries. Do you think that's a trend? Or it's an anomaly that may not last? And then secondly, just on pricing, you had given sort of 15% concessions on certain contracts in 2020. And the expectation that the time was in 2021, those contracts will go back to original pricing. Did that happen on those contracts?
Eric Norris: So on the first question, PJ, Good morning, it's Eric here. The carbon delta on carbonate and the inversion of carbonate being higher than historically -- historically hydroxide is a buck or two lower. We think that's a dislocation of a rapidly responding China market, which is largely carbonate and not a longtime trend. It's important to understand that a lot of the hydroxide market is supplied by low cost brine producers of which Albemarle is one, converting to hydroxide, which is what we do at Kings Mountain. And without that supply, there's not enough market, there's not enough volume for the marketplace. So the point is that the economics say that there has to be that incentive for those producers to go to hydroxide. So we expect that to revert and we are obviously very well-positioned in both product lines to participate. PJ your second question was what again, please?
PJ Juvekar: So you have contracts that were reset in 2020 lower, and they were expected to go back to the original price in 2021?
Eric Norris: Well what -- recall what we had -- what we've done. Our strategy has been to migrate these contracts to benefit from the recovering market price. What we have -- we have converted of several of them over and struck new ones based upon a market reference price, either and all or a part, it depends on the customer. And we are -- we'll do the remainder of this year going forward. So that's our strategy. Our strategy to take advantage of the inflection of price, not to go back to a fixed price in the past, necessarily, although there are some customers who are asking for that, right? So it's not a one-size-fits-all answer. But the aim is to benefit from a recovering market in prices, in terms of how we structure those contracts.
PJ Juvekar: So Eric, if I heard you, right, you saying that your contracts are going to be more sort of dependent on price or maybe more variable pricing as opposed to like a fixed annual price?
Kent Masters: That is correct. It will vary. Look, I can give you examples of some customers who want a fixed price, they want the stability. That today is a price is well above. We're not going to agree to that unless it's well above market. But that's one segment of the customer base. Another segment and a big chunk, want some variability to say that they're able to move with the marketplace relative to other -- their competitors or other sources of supply they buy. And as a result, those contracts will have that kind of market-based component to them, either collared or in part for their volume, or for a large part of their volume. The degree to which we give that flexibility also dictates how much of a commitment we make to them as well. The more spot-based a customer wants to be, the less likely we're going to commit to them long term, and use that as part of our justification for expansion. So there are some caveats there in our value proposition, but that's how we're approaching things. And all of this is going to allow us we believe, to really improve our overall mix on a price and profitability basis as the market price recovers.
PJ Juvekar: Great. Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Bob Koort: Thank you very much. I wanted to explore, a little bit more on the MARBL integration with how you plan your lithium expansion. So a couple questions there. What will be the transfer price from Talison to the Kermerton MARBL JVs. And why pursue the Chinese expansion in concert with MARBL if you could get 100% of it? And now you have the financial wherewithal with the -- accommodating equity markets to fund that kind of expansion, Why share that? Why not keep it all for your shareholders?
Scott Tozier: Yes. So well, I would say the short answer on that is that with in our original agreement that we would do two of the 50,000 tons, and then the next one we expect to do would be the one in China. And that's part of the JV. So we -- the JV was done cause one, to get the resource for the Wodgina mine, we have that. And also their expertise in mining to help us on that side, because we're more chemical processing expertise on our side, and they bring the expertise on the mining side. So that's kind of the logic behind overall. And that's part of the original deal that we did with them. So we're committed to doing another project, other conversion project with them.
Bob Koort: Okay. And maybe if I could get an answer on the transfer price from Talison. And then also, your new La Negra project is going to use a thermal evaporator. Can you talk about what that does to the cost structure out of La Negra III and IV versus the capacity that's already there in I and II from a cost curve standpoint? Thanks.
Kent Masters: Yes. So on the transfer price, I mean, it's a kind of established market price that we were following Australian tax rules around that. And so it's a market -- I would say it's a market price, arm's length market transaction around that. And then the thermal evaporator, I mean, it was a return project that's driven by financials. But probably just as much around sustainability. So it allows us to operate without water or much less water than we were using before. And that's an area where water is tight. And then the cost of that -- I think the returns were good. I don't recall exactly what they were. I don't know that they were extraordinary. But the benefit was also around from a sustainability perspective as well.
Bob Koort: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Mike Sison: Hey, guys, good morning. Just one quick question on your 2025 forecast. Do you in the sort of pundits believe the industry can sort of support that by then. And then how much capacity do you hope to have on online by 2025 to support that growth?
Kent Masters: So I think the -- I mean, I can't speak for the industry. So part of as we see acceleration in EV adoption that's kind of what has moved us in this current pivot toward accelerating our growth plans. And the goal was that we kind of maintain our share in there. Eric, maybe you want talk about the capacity in 2025. I don't have that number in my head.
Eric Norris: Well, I think a rule of thumb way to think about our capacity growth, and the plans that we put forth for Wave 3 and for Wave 4 to sustain our leadership and grow with the market. It's going to be hydroxide weighted the growth. We already comment on that earlier, in an earlier question. And it's going to require as you get on the middle part of the decade us to bringing at least 50,000 tons to market a year of hydroxide. And that is what that plan. If you look at the details would enable into the middle of a decade and beyond. So approximately speaking, you're talking about 150,000 tons of growth a year in the market price, or in that neighborhood, Mike and are bringing on 50,000. That's the kind of pace we're looking at.
Mike Sison: Great Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Kent Masters for closing remarks.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thank you, Joelle. In closing, Albemarle is well-positioned to capitalize on long term growth trends for all three of our core businesses. We have built the capabilities to accelerate low-capital intensity, higher-return growth. At the same time, we will continue to control what we can control. That means, first and foremost, focusing on the health and well being of our employees, customers and communities. It also means building operational discipline and sustainability into all aspects of our business including manufacturing, supply chain, capital project execution, and customer experience. We remain confident in our strategy and we will modify execution to position Albemarle for success. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Q3 2020 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference to your presenter today, Ms. Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Meredith Bandy: All right. Thanks, Mark and welcome to Albemarle’s third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close yesterday and you will find our press release, presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted to our website in the Investor Relations section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium, are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call including our outlooks, expected company performance, expected impacted impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and proposed expansion projects may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements in our press release and that same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. A reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our presentation, both of which are on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thank you, Meredith, and good morning, everybody. On the call today, I will cover a high level overview of results and strategy and highlight additional actions we are taking to improve the sustainability of and to grow our business. Scott will then review third quarter financials, provide updates on our balance sheet and cost saving initiatives, and review our outlook. At Albemarle, our first priority is the safety and wellbeing of our employees, customers, and communities. Thanks to the courage and dedication of our employees, we've been able to safely operate our facilities throughout the pandemic to meet customer needs. Our cross-functional global response team continues to meet regularly to address -- to assess pandemic related risk and adapt protocols as necessary. Protocols, including restricted travel, shift adjustments, increased hygiene and social distancing remain in place at all locations. Our recent focus has shifted from managing the immediate crisis to building and flexibility to adjust for regional differences and changing conditions. Today, looking at our non-essential workers around the globe, most of North America remains on work-from-home status. Asia and Australia have returned to worksites. Most of Europe returned to worksites over the summer, but have now gone back to work-from-home, given rising COVID-19 cases and rates. And finally, in Chile, improving COVID-19 rates and falling cases have allowed us to trial a soft reopening approach at a worksite at reduced capacity. As we all know, the situation is challenging and continues to evolve. I'm grateful to our team for their continued vigilance and commitment to the working -- to working safely and productively. Turning to recent results. Yesterday, we released third quarter financials, including net income of $98 million or $0.92 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $216 million, down 15% from prior year. Our adjusted EBITDA results are past the high-end of our Q3 outlook by 14%, thanks to better than expected performance in Lithium and Bromine, and the exceptional cost-saving results across our businesses. We currently expect full year 2020 adjusted EBITDA of between $780 million and $810 million, lower year-over-year based on reduced global economic activity due to the global pandemic and reduced Lithium pricing as expected going into the year. Scott, we'll go into more detail on our outlook for the rest of this year and talk directionally about next year. In late 2019, we launched an initiative to achieve sustainable cost savings of over a $100 million per year by the end of 2021, with about half of that or $50 million to be achieved in 2020. Earlier this year with the onset of the pandemic related economic slowdown, we accelerated those initiatives, giving us line of sight to $50 million to $70 million savings in 2020. Implementation has been even more successful than we expected, and we are on track to deliver about $80 million in savings this year and to reach a run rate of more than $120 million by the end of 2021. We plan to turn this two-year project into an ongoing culture of operating discipline and continuous improvement with additional cost and efficiency targets. Our strategic approach to sustainability is another facet of this operational discipline and a key area of focus for Albemarle. Since we spoke last quarter, we have published our enhanced sustainability report, which expands on the four key quadrants of our sustainability framework and sets the baseline for our environmental performance and increased disclosures. Now, we are working to establish sustainability goals and targets and continue to make progress in each quadrant. This week, we also published our Global Labor Policy in alignment with International Labor Organization conventions and our human rights and global community relations and indigenous peoples policies, both consistent with UN guiding principles. These policies will be available on the sustainability section of our website. I'm proud to say that Albemarle generates more than 50% of our revenues from products that help reduce greenhouse gas emissions or promote greater resource efficiency, as our Lithium business grows and even larger proportion of our business will contribute to global sustainability.  In summary, we are concentrating our efforts where they matter most, so we can continue to create sustainable value for our customers, investors, and stakeholders. Our growth projects at La Negra and Kemerton are key to increasing our battery grade lithium conversion capacity in line with long-term customer demand. La Negra III and IV is an expansion of our lithium carbonate capacity in Chile. The project is expected to reach mechanical completion in mid-2021, followed by a six-month commissioning and qualification process. La Negra III and IV allows us to add carbonate capacity at the very low end of the cost curve. Kemerton, our new lithium hydroxide conversion plant in Western Australia, is on track to reach mechanical completion by late 2021, with a six-month commissioning and qualification process to follow. Kemerton is core to growing our hydroxide capacity in line with expected strong long-term market demand. And with that update, I'll turn it over to Scott for more detail on our recent results.
Scott Tozier: Thank you, Kent. Good morning, everyone. Albemarle generated third quarter net sales of $747 million, a decrease of about 15% compared to the prior year and in line with our previous outlook. This reduction was driven primarily by reduced prices in Lithium as expected coming into the year and reduced volumes in Catalysts and Bromine related to pandemic related economic weakness. GAAP net income was $98 million or $0.92 per diluted share. The non-GAAP adjustments this quarter were primarily related to restructuring for cost savings and discrete tax items with adjusted earnings of a $1.09 per diluted share. Lower net income was primarily driven by lower net sales, partially offset by costs and efficiency improvements. Corporate and SG&A costs were lower versus the prior year due to these cost savings initiatives. As Kent stated, adjusted EBITDA was $216 million, a decrease of 15% from the prior year. The success of our short-term and sustainable savings initiatives, as well as timing of equity income from the Callison JV helped us improve margins and beat the midpoint of our Q3 EBITDA outlook by about 20%. Turning to slide eight for look at the EBITDA bridge by business segment. Adjusted EBITDA was down $38 million over the prior year, reflecting lower net sales and lower equity income partially offset by cost savings initiatives and efficiency improvements. Lithium's adjusted EBITDA declined by $31 million versus the prior year, excluding currency. Pricing was down about 17%, partially offset by cost savings. Lower pricing reflects previously agreed battery grade contract price concessions for 2020, as well as lower market pricing in technical grade products. Lithium EBITDA margin benefited from cost savings and the timing of Callison JV shipments to our partner Tianqi. Bromine's adjusted EBITDA was down about $10 million, excluding currency. The decline was primarily due to lower volumes as a result of the pandemic related economic downturn, partially offset by ongoing cost savings. Likewise, Catalyst adjusted EBITDA declined by $30 million, excluding currency, primarily due to lower volumes offset by cost savings and efficiency improvements. Fluid Catalytic Cracking, or FCC, volume improved sequentially, but remained down compared to the prior year due to lower transportation fuel consumption as a result of travel restrictions, Hydroprocessing Catalysts, or HPC, volumes were also down compared to the prior year due to normal lumpiness of shipments and softness related to lower oil prices and reduced fuel demand. Our corporate and other category adjusted EBITDA increased by $15 million, excluding currency, primarily due to improved Fine Chemistry Services results. We ended the quarter with liquidity of about $1.5 billion, including just over $700 million of cash, $610 million remaining under our revolver and $220 million on other available credit lines. Total debt was $3.5 billion, representing net debt to adjusted EBITDA of approximately 3.2 times. Our commercial papers supported by our revolver, which is not due until 2024. And so that leaves about $670 million of short-term debt to be restructured or repaid over the next year. We expect to repay the 2021 debt maturities out of cash on hand, assuming continued economic recovery and cash inflows from divestitures. However, we are also working with our banks on a delayed draw term loan to backstop those 2021 maturities. If the economic recovery or divestitures are delayed, we'd be able to refinance the short-term debt using this new delayed draw term loan. As Kent highlighted earlier, our 2020 sustainable cost savings initiative is on track to achieve cost reductions of about $80 million this year. That's 60% above our initial estimates. We expect to reach run rate savings of more than $120 million by the end of 2021, up 20% from the previous outlook. We continue to expect a short-term cash management actions, such as travel restrictions, limited use of external services and consultants and working capital management to save the company about $25 million to $40 million of cash per quarter this year. Next year, we expect some headwinds as some of these temporary cash savings reverse. Finally, we're narrowing our expected range of 2020 capital spending to $850 million to $900 million, based on timing of spend. Our two major capital projects, La Negra III and IV and Kemerton remain on track for completion in mid-2021 and late 2021, respectively. They will begin generating sales revenue in 2022, following a roughly six-month qualification period for each plant. Turning to our outlook. This quarter is a transition from quarterly to annual outlook. Our next quarter, we expect to return to our normal practice of giving annual outlooks. As we approach the end of the year, we currently expect to deliver full year 2020 net sales of around $3.1 billion at the midpoint of our range. Adjusted EBITDA of between $780 million and $810 million, and adjusted diluted earnings per share between $3.80 cents and $4.15. Lithium's Q4 adjusted EBITDA is expected to increase 10% to 20% compared to Q3, 2020, as battery grade customers continue to meet planned volume commitments. Bromine's Q4 EBITDA is expected to be similar to Q3. Stabilization in electronics and building and construction continue to help offset weakness in other energies markets, particularly deepwater drilling and automotive. Finally, Catalysts Q4 EBITDA is expected to be down between 20% and 30% sequentially, primarily due to HPC volumes and mix. FCC demand is expected to continue to recover, with increased travel and depletion of global gasoline inventories. But Q4 is expected to be particularly weak for HPC Catalysts, in part because of normal lumpiness, but also as refiners continue to defer HPC spending into 2021 and 2022. As we look beyond this year, visibility remains challenging. However, we are seeing signs of improvement or at least stabilization in our businesses. EV sales remain a key driver for the growth of our Lithium business. Global EV sales were up 90% in the month of September compared to the previous year. September represented a new monthly record of EV registrations led by European EV sales. The rest of the world continues to rebound from the pandemic related slowdown earlier this year, with year-to-date global EV sales up 15%. The fourth quarter is also typically a seasonally strong quarter for auto sales. And similarly, IHS market expects global EV production to increase by 20% to 30% in full year 2020 and by nearly 70% in 2021. Our Bromine business supplies a diverse set of end markets and is generally driven by a broader consumer sentiment and global GDP. Consumer sentiment continues to improve in most regions, albeit, still below pre-pandemic levels. Analysts now expect global and U.S. GDP to be down about 4% in 2020 before rebounding next year. Finally, in Catalysts, after the sharp drop-off in March, U.S. miles driven has rebounded, but remains well below normal levels. Similarly, refinery capacity utilization has improved from earlier this year, but remains well below typical levels. Refinery utilization rates in the mid 70% range are a challenge for an industry design to run efficiently at utilization rates of 85% or higher. Given recent shifts in demand and refining economics, we don't expect to see pre-pandemic levels until 2022 at the earliest. Forecast and leading indicators like these help gauge the outlook for our end use markets. However, a variety of factors, including supply chain lags, contract structure, inventory changes and regulatory impacts can cause our results to differ from the underlying market conditions. Now, let's turn to slide 13 for our current view of 2021. In Lithium, we expect full year 2021 volumes to be relatively flat, as our plants are effectively sold out, given current volume constraints. We expect to see volume growth in 2022 as when La Negra III and IV and Kemerton come online for your 2021. Lithium prices are expected to be down slightly due primarily to lower average realized pricing for carbonate and technical grade products. Discussions with long-term battery grade customers are underway. It's too early to say what changes will be made to those contracts for 2021. Lower average market pricing and higher inventories may pressure pricing. At the same time, many of our customers remain concerned about security of long-term high quality supply, which speaks to the strong demand growth seen for electric vehicles. In Bromine, we expect full year 2021 results to improve slightly, assuming continued economic recovery and ongoing cost savings. Our Bromine business was probably the least impacted of our businesses during 2020. And that's part of the reason we expect a fairly modest improvement in 2021. And in Catalysts, we expect 2021 results to continue to improve from the very low level seen in 2020, but to remain well below 2019 levels. Near-term, Catalysts results are challenging as reduced refinery capacity utilization and lower oil pricing continues to pressure our customers' margins. In the longer term, this business is well-positioned in growth regions like the Middle East and Asia, and poised to benefit as refineries shift production to chemicals.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Scott. Economic conditions are improving, but uncertainty remains, particularly if additional COVID-19 impacts lengthened the time to a full economic recovery. We have the playbook established and know how to manage through subsequent waves of COVID-19, as necessary. At the same time, we are confident in the long-term growth prospects of our core businesses and continue to focus on controlling what we can control. That means first and foremost, focusing on the health and wellbeing of our employees, customers and communities. It also means building operational discipline and sustainability into all aspects of our business, including manufacturing, supply chain, capital project execution and the customer experience. We remain confident in our strategy and we will modify execution that strategy to further position Albemarle for success.
Meredith Bandy: All right. Before we open the lines for Q&A, I'd just like to remind everyone to please limit questions to one question and one follow-up to make sure that we have enough time for as many questions as possible and feel free to get back in the queue for additional follow-ups if time allows. Thanks, Marcus. Please proceed with the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. 
Tom Glinski: Good morning. This is Tom Glinski on for Bob. So, first question is, you're guiding flat volumes in 2021 for Lithium, even though the battery chemicals market should be growing nicely next year. I guess, this suggests that you're going to be losing market share first, are you okay with that? And then second, if other producers capture that incremental volume in 2021 and get through that challenging qualification process with the customers, do you expect to regain that market share in 2022 and beyond, or is there a risk -- your competitors maintain that? Thank you.
Kent Masters: Yeah. Tom. It's a function of our projects and when they're coming on and the capacity is coming on and who has that capacity to capture growth. So, there's not a lot we can do about that at this point. We're on our plan to bring that capacity on, but likely demand will pick up before we have that capacity, so we will lose a little share, but we expect that that'll move back to us as we get that capacity on as the market continues to grow out into the future.
Tom Glinski: Great. That makes sense. And then, I guess, higher level, looking at 2021, considering the moving pieces between price down in Lithium, volume flat, but capturing some incremental cost savings. Do you think you can grow segment EBITDA next year, or is EBITDA going to be flat to down? Thank you.
Kent Masters: Well, frankly, it's going to -- it'll depend on how the market develops over the year. Without having volume, we'll have some cost savings to offset inflation and those pieces, but we'll be close to -- we'll be around flat unless we get a material change in pricing.
Tom Glinski: Got it. That makes sense. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Fong: Hi. This is David Fong here for Dave. I guess, first, just on pricing, because it's something that's pricing have bought in and even some carbonate pricing started to recover. I guess, if you can just elaborate a little bit more on your pricing weakness on carbonate in 2021, and do you expect that to broaden during the year, would that be like a 2022 story?
Kent Masters: Yes. I'll make a comment and then let Eric give you a little bit more detail or his perspective. So, I mean, that's the magic question. It looks like when you look at the indices out there that it's at least bottomed, if not starting to pick up a little bit, but we'd probably need to see that a bit more to have more confidence. But we're anticipating that turns up during 2021. And the question is when during 2021? So, Eric, you want to add something?
Eric Norris: Yes. I can add. Specifically relative to carbonate, this is -- when we look at where the growth is coming in, in the coming year, we look at what's happened this year. It's more of a hydroxide growth story. Carbonate is therefore not enjoying as much of that. There is some growth in China. China is where we see more of these low prices and it's a more oversupplied market.  Now, so, it is the magic question, as Kent refer to, we have on some reported indices seen it picking up, others see it flat. It's -- even from the price reporting groups, that -- report price around the world and in China specifically, it's murky and well below marginal cash costs. So, the price of carbon has gone well below what we thought it would have gone six months ago.  It is trending up in one report. We'll have to see. Our view would be that given the supply dynamics I talked about and the growth being more driven on the hydroxide side that a clear movement above marginal cash costs for the spot prices of carbonate is more likely at 2022 event. I mean, not to say it couldn't happen in 2021, but that looks more favorable in 2022 hydroxide, however will be different we believe. 
David Fong: Thanks. And then, on Catalysts, it looks like the recovery is a little bit slower than expected. So, since you're -- I mean, sales should be up slightly in 2021, I guess, what kind of improvement are we talking about? And then, just given that if we say the current pace of recovery in Catalysts, sales you expect that we can achieve the same level of EBITDA in 2022 as 2019 level?
Kent Masters: So, I'll comment and Raphael can also comment. But I think a lot of that -- it depends on demand and the view of -- when driving comes back, when travel comes back and it's really about fuel demand and refinery utilization for us. So, our view, we don't see us getting back to 2019 levels for 2020, until into 2022, probably very late 2022 would be back to that both from a fuel demand utilization and from our perspective as well.
Raphael Crawford: This is Raphael. I think, that's right, Kent. And when we look at the outlook, there's a few things that play in. One is the impact of the pandemic. And when do fuel volumes recovered to 2019 levels and that's a volume component, and the other is refining margins. So, there's a lot of pressure on refineries right now, or just total value of refined products from a margin perspective has gone down. And when that recovers, that's going to be dependent on volume, but also on utilization industry capacity. And so, we wouldn't see that returning $0.10 until sometime 2022 timeframe.
David Fong: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global Securities.
Mike Harrison: Hi, good morning. Coming back to this idea of that Lithium volumes are sold out for next year, if there is some additional demand pickup or if some of this over supply or inventory gets worked down, could that put you in a position to drive higher pricing? And can you maybe also comment on whether you have any flexibility to move more volume or to maybe accelerate some of your production, if you do see a demand picking up?
Kent Masters: Yeah. So, if the market gets tight and the supply is not there, I mean, prices should move up. When we -- we kind of expect to see that around hydroxide less about -- less with carbonate and it's difficult. I mean, we had delayed our projects a bit when the pandemic hit, because we just didn't know what things were going to look like. And as soon as we got some visibility, we kind of tried to pull those back as much as possible and we haven't lost much time on that. And we haven't really lost -- our capital estimates are still kind of in the same range as well. So -- but it's really not possible for us to pull it more forward than our current plans. We wouldn't be able to sell right now to impact when those projects are coming on stream. So, from our perspective, I don't think we're going to have extra capacity to what we are anticipating. We may be a little early with the projects are planned, but it's not going to be a dramatic.
Mike Harrison: I think everybody's kind of focused on what's happening here in the U.S. from a political standpoint, but can you maybe talk about Chile and whether some of the political news there could impact your relationship with the government or your rights in the Atacama? 
Kent Masters: Right. So, while -- you know what's happening there, so they're going to redo their constitution. That's going to -- that's a pretty long process that they have in place to do that. And so far that's all been without too much turmoil. So, we don't -- we have to wait and see what that constitution looks like. We don't really expect it to impact our rights in the Atacama, but I mean, I guess that's something we'll have to wait and see. I don't think it would be -- I mean, it's not until our interest to start changing how they work with the international community. Chili's got a great reputation following the rule of law and having a strong economy in South America. It's kind of the example. So, I don't think they want to change that, but it's something we'll have to watch very closely as that plays out.
Mike Harrison: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Just wondering, you talk about sort of 60% of your assets, you're going after what the new -- two new projects that are going to come on. What about the other 40%? Can you talk from a medium term perspective? What's it going to take for you to go after those assets, how much money it would require and CapEx spending? And at what point will you start talking about how you'll go after that and how you'll finance it?
Kent Masters: I'm not -- Vincent, I'm not sure I'm clear on the question. So, to go after the other 40% of the asset?
Vincent Andrews: Yeah. I guess, my question is, what -- when should we anticipate the other 40% coming online and how much will you have to spend to do it?
Kent Masters: From a resource standpoint you're talking?
Vincent Andrews: Correct.
Kent Masters: Yeah. Okay. So we have access to those resources. So, it's just about building conversion capacity. So, we've kind of started that process. So, La Negra and Kemerton is part of that. So we're building that out. We'll sell those plants out and then we'll layer in additional capacity to go after. I mean, that's our strategy and our plan longer term. We haven't necessarily laid out a CapEx program publicly over time. But that's the plan as we build capacity and then we sell it out and then we reinvest.
Vincent Andrews: Sorry. As a follow-up then, to the earlier question about market share, how do you think about the medium term in terms of not per se, having a suggested timeline for that other 40% of production versus how fast do you think the market's going to grow? Do you think you'll be able to bring that 40% on -- in conjunction with market growth, or is it possible that it'll lag?
Kent Masters: Well, we'd be layering in that capacity. So, what we're trying to do is kind of get it just right. So we add capacity as the market grows and bring that on as it's required. And it's a matter of -- how well we execute and how well we forecast the market, but we think we can. That's what we're trying to do.
Vincent Andrews: All right. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. Nice progress on the cost savings efforts. The -- that backstop indicates some uncertainty here in the divestment process for fine chemicals and catalyst additives. Are we expecting one buyer for both or two? And do you think both will be announced before year-end? 
Scott Tozier: Hey, John. This is Scott. So, we're expecting that we'd have two different buyers for those two different businesses. Discussions continue favorably on both of those. A little bit too early to call exactly when would build to announce -- announced a deal on either one of them, but obviously we're pushing hard to do that. The backstop is also related to economic uncertainty. And so, we just got to -- I think we've just got to get through the winter period and the increasing COVID cases and whatever the government reactions to this are to fully understand kind of where we end up in 2021. And that's -- it's really just a safety valve for us, in case things go the wrong direction. And the banks have been very supportive of us in our story. So, really appreciate their contributions.
John Roberts: And then you mentioned in the third quarter, the benefit of a timing, Callison and shipments to Tianqi, was that a catch-up from 2Q? It doesn't sound like it's a pull forward from the fourth quarter, given the strong fourth quarter guidance.
Scott Tozier: Yeah. You've got it right, John. It was really a catch-up from the Q2 shutdown that they had. And just from an accounting perspective, when Tianqi takes more product, we ended up getting that equity income immediately. So, it helps our bottom line.
John Roberts: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Arun with RBC Capital.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Good morning. Yeah. Congrats on the results. Definitely nice to see the cost reductions playing out. I just wanted to ask about the contracting side on Lithium. You -- I think you had offered concessions to some of your customers this year in 2020, did you find the need to extend those concessions in the 2021? Could you just maybe comment on the contracting environment out there? Thanks.
Kent Masters: So we -- well, we're in the process of having those discussions with our customers. So I mean, you're right. We've made concessions late 2019 for the 2020 period. They were one year concessions. Market price is lower than it was at the time we made those concessions today. And so, we're having discussions about what -- those contracts will look like for 2021. At the moment it is too early to kind of give any -- too much guidance on exactly what that looks like, because we're having those discussions today.
Arun Viswanathan: Okay. I appreciate that. And then I guess on that note, I imagine that you maybe extending or rolling over maybe three-year contracts that you signed up in 2016 or 2017. Is that going on? When do you expect to do that? And I guess, would you expect to revert to the prior price umbrella on those contracts, or is there potential for those negotiations to result in pricing closer to market levels at this point?
Kent Masters: Eric, do you want to talk a little bit about the contracting strategy?
Eric Norris: Sure. So, to answer that first part of that question, Arun, we don't have any contracts -- any major better grade contracts with turnover next year. It's not to the following year in 2022 that we have one that does turnover. That being said, it might be worthwhile to discuss what we're trying to do, right? And with our contracts that just as a recollection of what we shared in the past, we're moving from what previously was a singular fixed price contract for all customers to a more segmented approach. And really putting that into -- I would put it simply into three buckets. One is, there'll be a group of customers that as we talk in the future with them, and we've actually had some new customers come in. So, we have some brand new LTS, one we've signed during the quarter, that is prospectively for the Kemerton volumes when they come online. So that first category our people that really want very little volatility in their price and our will -- and as a result, we are looking at or negotiating a fixed price with them. That's well above current prices and favorable investment economics for us. There's a second category that may want to have a little bit more volatility, but not quite so much. They don't want to have a nosebleed price when the market recovers. And we're insisting on a floor that we have -- we can earn a favorable reinvestment economics over that pricing cycle. That's that second category. And then there's a third, it'll be priced buyers. Now, our aim and the way this is shaping up is that we expect about once we have moved from this old contract structure to the new, and this price concession we gave this year is that bridging between the two contract structures, it's about 20% in that price bucket and about 80% in the first two buckets. And it's that 80% that driver capacity expansion. What they commit to us to -- these owners term contracts is the basis for our adding capacity over time. And any access is what we would then sell into the -- to the price market. So, we don't build for that price market, and we don't commit very long to that price market. That's the strategy. Where we are today, quite encouraging. We're starting to see with as a second six months of the year has come about. And you're looking now at 2021 as a very strong, we believe, demand curve associated with it. And we're starting to see that already in Europe. We're already 15% up year-to-date. With that -- with those positive signals coming through the channel, we're seeing more and more customers coming to us and wanting to talk with us about long-term contracts that have favorable reinvestment economics to us. Or transitioning their existing legacy contracts to that new structure I just described in a way that allows favorable reinvestment economics for us. And that is absolutely paramount, because I think a lot of the -- the rest of the industry that's still buying on price is not appreciating the fact that a current price is no one's going to expand and there isn't going to be sufficient lithium for them. And so having more and more customers, including automotive OEMs become aware of the need for reinvestment economics on behalf of the lithium supply industry is starting to turn the tide. 2021 will be -- because of the pandemic, it's going to be a bit of a transitional year. We're still working through that. That's why there's some uncertainty. And, of course, we talked about the weakness already in carbonate, but maybe that's helpful additional context to your question, Arun. 
Arun Viswanathan: Very helpful. Thanks a lot, Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Hi. Could you give a sense for your current thinking around inventory management? How much of an inventory build you need to do next year to prepare for the growth curve you expect in 2022 to 2023?
Kent Masters: Okay. So, I'm assuming you're talking about Lithium, that’s where we -- all the inventory questions come from -- one to qualify that. So, next year, I mean, we -- the inventory is probably in the channel. We don't think it really changed much from what we said in the last quarter. And we're saying demand has picked up and it feels better, but we don't have data to say that inventory is any less than it was last quarter. So that still has to be worked off. But given the demand profile we see in 2021, and our limited capacity, we got up -- we don't expect to build inventories there. We would expect actually to meet. We'll work those down. And then we're working off of what we would consider kind of standard inventory in the channel. So, we don't see it building at least from our perspective through 2021. We see us working inventories off.
Laurence Alexander: And then can you -- instead for Bromine, given the trends in the end markets, what negative factors do you see keeping the Bromine improvement next year at fairly modest?
Kent Masters: Netha, you want to make a few comments on that?
Netha Johnson: Sure. I think that the biggest impact for us is the overall macro economy. We tend to be driven by global GDP. So that's really the limiting factor for us is how fast this thing's going to come back. And this is going to come back in a stable, consistent way or is it going to be lumpy. And right now it's just a little bit unclear how that recovery is going to take place across the globe in 2021.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Joel Jackson with BMO Capital. 
Robin Fiedler: Hi. This is Robin on for Joel. Can you provide some more order of magnitude around the guidance of the Catalysts EBITDA you expect next year? Is it reasonable to be about halfway between 2020 and 2022? Was it more likely to be above or below that level? If you can just kind of walk through some of the key building blocks to get there.
Scott Tozier: Hey, Robin. This is Scott. Let me make a quick comment and maybe Raphael can give some additional color. It's really going to depend on refinery utilization rates as well as transportation fuel demand. And given what we're seeing in projections right now, it's likely in the bottom half of that range that you just gave versus the top half. But maybe Raphael, you can add some more color as to what you're seeing.
Raphael Crawford: Hi, Robin. I think that Scott characterize it correctly. But over the next six months, I think we'll have a much clearer picture as to what that recovery will look like. As we see demand recovery, we see margin progress as refineries, we will have a better sense of that. But I wanted to at least give you a sense rather than -- while, it's going to be a challenging 2021, better than 2020. The business is still very focused on the right steps to return to growth in the future with a focus on chemicals, with a focus on refineries East of Suez, where demand continues to grow. So, while we have a challenge, we also have good strategies to establish us for long-term recovery and growth. 
Robin Fiedler: That's helpful. Thank you. And just as a follow-up. I apologize, did I hear correctly early in the call that it was mentioned that Lithium EBITDA will be closer to flat for next year? I assume the cost savings or Lithium's portion of the cost savings is offsetting that -- slightly little pricing, is that right?
Scott Tozier: Yeah. Robin, this is Scott. I think, you had about right. It's really a little bit early to call exactly what the number is going to be. But Lithium EBITDA should be flat to maybe down a bit, just given the dynamics that we're seeing.
Robin Fiedler: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup.
Prashant Juvekar: Yes. Hi. Good morning. So, it looks like you have some limited capacity growth and you might lose some share next year. Why couldn't you build inventories in 4Q here to sell -- so as to not to lose share? And then secondly, some of your capacity is still idle, like the Wodgina mine and what does it take for you to start that back up?
Eric Norris: Kent, would you like to take?
Kent Masters: Yeah. I'll start. So, first question about inventory. So, I mean, there's a limit on inventories on hydroxide, and we -- and they're a little more than normal in the channel and we've actually shutdown some facilities to manage that a little bit, because there's a life on hydroxide. So, you want to be careful about how you manage those inventories. So it -- and we'll work through those inventories the next year. So, we'll be able to probably -- we'll sell more than we'll be able to make. So, we are doing that to some degree, but we're limited by kind of the life of hydroxide. And that's where the extra demand comes from. The other question on Wodgina, so our limitation is on conversion capacity, right? So, Wodgina does not producing, but that's because we can't -- we don't have capacity to convert that. So, Kemerton brings us -- gets us going in that direction. And then we would just -- we have to manage between Wodgina and Callison about how that -- what resource we use there. So -- but we're limited more on conversion capacity. So we'd be needing to add additional conversion capacity to take full advantage of our resources.
Eric Norris: Yeah. Just to add Kent on -- this year – P.J., we are selling all the hydroxide that we can make. So, we're sold out this year. In fact -- and that's where -- we've made the concessions, we talked about on price and the leverage for that as we're getting the volumes this year that we planned the reason for the upward guidance for the fourth quarter. So, we're getting what we intended. And in fact, we'll be up year-over-year on volumes overall. I mean, we expect industry to be down. So, this will be in that regard, a solid year for Lithium. As you go into next year, Kent hit it, conversion capacity. In fact, our ratio of mining capacity to conversion capacity, mining potential to actual conversion backs is about quarter one. So, it's about more conversion assets. And we're being -- as we talked about in terms of managing our cash flow and managing our profitability, very disciplined about how we bring that conversion capacity to market. Next year will be a flat year, but we'll have significant capacity we bring on in 2022 and be in a position as we ramp those plants to recover any lost ground we have with our customers. And as I earlier said, we've also started to draw up new contracts with customers before that volume in that year.
Prashant Juvekar: Thank you for that color. It's interesting you're saying conversion capacity is the bottleneck, Kent, maybe related to that, can you talk about what's happening to conversion capacity in China? I know they -- at some point back in 2015, 2016, they were constrained that they overbuilt. Where do we stand on convergent capacity utilization in China? Can you just give us some update there? And could you -- and also, could you take some of your volumes into the Chinese third party conversion? Thanks.
Kent Masters: So, Eric, you want to …
Eric Norris: Yeah. Sure. So, in China, as you know these Chinese converters -- now, I assume you're talking not about our integrated competitors, such as [indiscernible] and kind of you're talking about other non-integrated producers, those do not own a resource. They're dependent upon economics, right? And they're net buyer of -- they have to buy their rock. Many of those minds have been curtailed. Alterra being the latest victim of low market prices and been able to operate. So, supply for rock has dried up and they'd been sustaining themselves to available inventory. That's one factor. Another factor is they themselves -- their current carbonate prices are breakeven at desk, and most are operating at a loss as we see the price in China -- spot prices in China below marginal cash costs. So, it's a pretty challenging economic picture for those producers. Market recovery, we expect that capacity to come back. And China's going to remain a very healthy market for Lithium into the future. So, I think there's going to be a place for those producers. In terms of our going in, as you know, we're looking in terms of growing our capacity. We've talked about buying versus building capacity. We still are evaluating that approach. And that means a viable expansion route for us. It's the way we got the capacity we have today, the basis for how we got our current Chinese conversion capacity. We are less inclined particularly for hydroxide, which is the growth part of the market, where there's a lot of process, know-how quality differentiators to teach at a toll producer, how to do that. And that's proprietary know-how that we would be concerned we'd lose, if we were to toll. So, our bias would be to acquire.
Prashant Juvekar: Great. Thank you,  Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.
Mike Sison: Hey, good morning. Nice quarter. As I recall, you've got $40 million in carbonate coming on and -- I guess in 2022 and $50 million in hydroxide in 2022. How much of that is already sort of contracted out and how long do you think -- how long would you think you'll take to sell those out?
Kent Masters: So, your numbers are right. Although, they're not going to -- it's not going to turn on day one at those capacities, right? So, there's a ramp in our manufacturing processes to get us up to those full capacity. So, they won't come on all it, when you just turn a switch. Unfortunately, it doesn't work like that. And Eric, you want to talk about kind of the ramp of sales versus production.
Eric Norris: Yeah. So, we're -- I mentioned earlier, Mike, that we are on the -- particularly on the hydroxide side, which the tighter market, we are entertaining. Well, first of all, we already had long-term contracts, actually long-term contracts that had earmarks, if you will, against that capacity when it came on. And now we are having additional -- we signed one recently, as I said, during the quarter to increase that utilization of that plant. And we're in negotiation with still others. So, I don't think -- we're at liberty yet to share the details of exactly how much, but I would say significant portion of the Kemerton capacity is well shared from a sales standpoint. On the carbonate side, a little different. Most of the carbonate market is in -- is increasingly in China. As you know, the China market is a much shorter term contracting market. We have been very diligent to maintain relationships with our existing capacity out of a mega one and two, relationships and ongoing buying relationships, or sales to a number of leading Chinese producers with whom we are talking about growing our business. We are talking with him about committed volumes -- the nature of contracting that was different with those. So, it's going to be a little different with carbonate in terms of -- we'll be closer to bringing that to market before we have firm prices with -- for that volume. Though, remember that we're at the low in the cost curve. So, still very attractive business. Not withstanding the fact that it won't have some of the same long duration contracts that we see on the Kemerton inside.
Mike Sison: Right. Great. Thanks. And then a quick one on Catalysts, any thoughts on pricing for FCC heading into 2021?
Kent Masters: Raphael, you want to comment?
Raphael Crawford: Sure. Mike, this is Raphael. I think pricing in FCC has been challenged in 2020 for non-contract volumes. Non-specialty non-contract volumes have been under the most pressure in response to -- in decisions by refineries to look for perhaps less special -- less specialty catalysts in order to help their near term economic pain. Going into 2021, I think the trend would continue. I mean, I think, we'll continue to see pressure on non-contracted volumes, but where we create a differential value, namely in areas like high propylene yields, I think we'll continue to hold onto price and remain strong in that area.
Mike Sison: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets.
Chris Kapsch: Yeah. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So sort of a follow-up on Eric's comprehensive comments about the shifting approach to the contracts and really, I guess, against the context of some of the anecdotal commentary about hydroxide versus carbonate. It seems like the oversupply is still a little more acute in carbonate versus hydroxide. So -- and then you obviously have this tension about some customers wanting near term pricing release and others maybe more focused on concerns about longer term supply. I'm wondering if those conversations reflect this bifurcation hydroxide versus carbonate. And if you could take another -- a little bit further, is it -- as this plays out, is it more likely in the context of those buckets that you described, Eric? More likely that the hydroxide guys are going to fall in this bucket where they want fixed prices, security of supply, and the carbonate customers are more likely to be willing to play some of the volatility.
Eric Norris: Sure. Any advanced comments Kent, before I dive in?
Kent Masters: No. Go ahead.
Eric Norris: Okay. So, I think the reflection about -- everything I've described and you asked Chris, is both -- there is a difference between carbonate and hydroxide. More of the carbonate market going forward will be in China. And to date, I don't see that same approach to security of supply in terms of contracting with us or with anybody for that volume. Rather I see that they -- that the market tends to be content to go for short duration on the bet that resources will continue to come online, converse best -- continue to come online and there'll be sufficient capacity. And there's also a bifurcation that based on who's buying, right? More of the purchasing decision is moving closer to the point of views. So it's moving to the battery producers and the automotive producers. And they given the investments they are making in the length of supply chain, whether it be carbonate or hydroxide tend to want longer the surety that they're going to have it, because of the size of investments they're making. Not everybody's doing that, but increasingly more are, and more becoming, I think, appropriately aware of the need to do that. So, it's also who we're contracting with and in these long-term contracts that plays a factor in that.
Chris Kapsch: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just as a follow-up. Could you -- I think the last quarter you characterize the inventories that you saw in the supply chain. Any update on that? And also just any changes to the timeline on the idling of your convert -- your hydroxide conversion facility in North America. Thanks.
Eric Norris: Yeah. So we have -- so first of all, I'll just reiterate what Kent said. Look, it is imperfect. The science of assessing how much inventory is in the channel. We can survey our customers and we do, and that gives us a basis for understanding that. We obviously don't know what our competition holds and they -- and some of held quite a bit. If we look at it things net-net, the overall months of inventory in the channel still about the same as it was three months ago, five months of execs, roughly speaking. Though, I think that shifted. There's probably more carbonate than hydroxide now. So, carbonate has built up a bit and hydroxide drawn down a bit. Again, we are probably wrong about that, but directionally correct. It doesn't feel that different. It feels a little bit better because I think that the pull-on hydroxide, but not too different. I'm sorry. Then you had a second part of your question, Chris?
Chris Kapsch: The timeline of your idling of your hydroxide conversion facility?
Eric Norris: Yeah. We have -- we are in the process of restarting the Kings Mountain hydroxide facility. Now, employees are returning that's sooner than we thought. And that's based upon the improvement we're seeing for demand next year and some of the earlier questions around, can you please try to get more volume next year. So, we're ramping that plant up. It's a small plant, so it has a very small impact to the overall volume growth, but we're starting that up. And Silver Peak, which is the feedstock plant that feeds that hydroxide plant with carbonate feedstock will restart on schedule beginning of the year 2021.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Rusch with Oppenheimer.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much, guys. Can you give us a sense of how mature the conversations are on the financing side? It sounds like things are going pretty well and there's some pretty meaningful opportunities to reduce your cost of capital going forward. But just curious how far down the road you are on then?
Kent Masters: Yeah. No, we're well advanced in those discussions. So, feel comfortable about where we're heading.
Colin Rusch: Excellent. And then the Lithium mark has been pretty well belabored [ph]. But I'm just curious if you're seeing any consolidation in terms of battery OEMs, given where we're seeing capacity efficient. It looks like there's going to be a handful of folks that really stride out here. And if there's any consolidation kind of below that with some of the cathode producers, as you look out over the next three to five years?
Kent Masters: Eric?
Eric Norris: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Kent. So, on the battery OEMs, I don't be interested to see what you see, Colin, because we don't see that. In fact, I've seen the opposite. You've seen new players come into the market not very recently, but companies like [indiscernible] come into the market for Europe, and many other multi-nationals who have played around this space in the past, I think looking to come in to support the growth of the European market. So, I see more players coming into the market on the battery side, not less, and some of that's being supported and driven by the automotive OEMs. So, I think, want more op -- they want some negotiating leverage, right? They want more options, or they want more localized options for in the case of Europe. On the cathode side, it is constantly changing, right? This is the part of the market that has, as I said, is not necessarily directly involved in the person decision as much anymore, is being told what to make either by the automotive OEM or the battery makers. So, they're losing some of their power in the decision channel. And so I do expect some change consolidation. I can't point to any obvious ones now, but there's disruption. There's people gaining share and losing share. And so, I think, we'll continue to see evolution in that part of the channel. And also some backward integration, right? You have some battery makers now are building their own in-house cathode capabilities.
Colin Rusch: That's super helpful. I'd love to have that conversation offline. Thanks, guys.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I will now turn the conference back over to Ms. Bandy. 
Meredith Bandy: All right. Thank you all for your questions and your participation in today's conference call. As always, we appreciate your interest in Albemarle, and this concludes our earnings conference call.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Q2 2020 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference to your speaker today, Meredith Bandy, VP of Investor Relations and Suitability. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Meredith Bandy: Hi. Thank you, Joel, and thanks everyone. And welcome to Albemarle’s second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close yesterday and you will find our press release, presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted to our website under the Investor section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Kent Masters, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium, are also available for Q&A. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call including our outlooks, expected company performance, expected impacted impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and proposed expansion parents -- plans may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Note that the cautionary language about forward-looking statements is contained in our press release and that same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our presentation, both of which are on our website. With that, I will turn it over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thank you, Meredith, and good morning, everybody. On today’s call I will cover a high level overview of the current environment, give an update on our strategy and highlight some of the actions we are taking to improve the sustainability of our business. Scott will then review second quarter financials, provide updates on our balance sheet and cost saving initiatives, and review our outlook. I want to reaffirm that the safety and welfare of our people is our highest priority at Albemarle. Our core values are always define how we operate but even more so in the difficult situations we face today. During the pandemic, we have been able to continue to operate, because we care about the welfare of each other. We humbly acknowledge that this crisis is not about us but about everyone and we show integrity by doing the right thing. Thankfully the pandemic has not materially impacted our operations to-date. I deeply appreciate the courage and continued support of the frontline essential workers in our communities and our dedicated Albemarle employees, who continue to ensure safe operations at our facilities and offices worldwide. At this point in time, we have had relatively few diagnosed individuals out of more than 5,600 global employees, using our exposure protocol we have traced the contact path for any confirmed case among employees and have isolated colleagues as needed. We are staying in close contact with impacted employees to monitor their welfare. We are grateful that previously diagnosed employees have recovered or are recovering as expected. In areas where we are seeing unfavorable trends, such as Chile and parts of the U.S., we are extending work-from-home requirements for non-essential workers and working closely with our manufacturing sites to ensure safe operations can continue. At many of our locations non-essential employees have returned to work. We continue to be in close contact with site teams to support them and health -- in a healthy and safe return process. Our global cross functional COVID response team continues to meet weekly to mitigate the impact to our operations and manage the impacts to customer demand. Turning to recent results. Yesterday we released second quarter financials, including net income of $86 million or $0.80 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $185 million, down 29% from prior year. However, I am pleased to say that these results were at the high end of our previous outlook. Thanks to better than expected performance in Lithium and in Bromine. Our primary capital priorities continue to be paying dividends to shareholders, preserving our investment grade credit rating and maintaining our long-term growth profile. To that end, during the quarter we announced a dividend of $0.385 per share in line with the prior quarter and up 5% from last year. We continue to maintain adequate financial flexibility with liquidity of $1.5 billion and our previously announced cost saving initiatives are also on track. At a high level, Albemarle’s strategy has not materially changed. We will invest in and grow our Lithium business and we will fund Lithium growth with cash flows from our more mature businesses. Historically, we have actively managed our portfolio to generate shareholder value and will continue to do so. We will also maintain a disciplined approach to capital allocation. The difference is that the COVID-19 pandemic has pushed Lithium growth out by at least one year, while also impacting near-term cash flow from our other businesses. Our response is to broaden and accelerate our focus on operational discipline to continuously raise the bar on performance. And specifically, manufacturing excellence to drive best-in-class cost management and product quality with a relentless focus on safety, standard work, continuous improvement, and the application of gleam principles across our manufacturing operations. In business excellence to deliver exceptional value and service to our customers, and to capture profitable high value opportunities to tailor value propositions and optimize -- optimized business processes and resources, so customer facing, as well as back office. And capital project excellence to effectively manage capacity to demand through the use of standard reliable designs and discipline planning and process management. We know that being profitable and doing what’s right are not at odds with each other. We expect to do both well and our sustainability framework is our guide. In terms of our people and workplace, we continue to advance and promote inclusion and diversity across our organization. Last year, we added two highly experienced female Board members, currently 50% of our directors represent gender and racial diversity, which broadens the range of perspective, experiences and insights we can leverage to benefit our organization. Recent events of discrimination and violence against black citizens in our communities remind us that we need to work much harder to fight racism. As a result, we have introduced a multi-pronged strategy to refocus our inclusion and diversity efforts from the bottom up, as well as the top down. Current activities include the addition of a dedicated senior inclusion and diversity leader, unconscious bias training for leaders and incorporating inclusion and diversity into the onboarding process for all new employees. We are also focused on responsible natural resource management, water management is an important sustainability objective for Albemarle and to continue to grow it’s imperative that we manage water efficiently. One example of this is that our facility in Magnolia, Arkansas, one of the world’s largest Bromine and Bromine chemical sites, Magnolia uses as an artificial Marsh as a unique water treatment facility. We are actively collaborating and engaging with our communities. Our Lithium operations at the Salar de Atacama in Chile works closely with the local communities to promote environmental stewardship and foster the community’s long-term development. We share a percentage of our revenue with local indigenous communities and more than 35% of our employees in the region are indigenous. Finally, our sustainability business model helps create long-term value for all shareholders. For example, about 50% of our Catalyst revenues are from products that reduce SOx and NOx emissions to produce cleaner transportation fuels. In 2019, the use of our Catalysts prevented the release of about 10 million tons of sulfur into the environment. In the coming weeks we will publish an updated sustainability report to provide increase transparency and disclosure around these and other important topics as discussed at our Investor Day late last year. We are excited about the progress we have made on sustainability, but we also recognize that sustainability is by its nature a long term journey. In 2021 and beyond, our focus will shift from setting the baseline on sustainability performance to goal setting and continuous improvement. With that as a backdrop, I will turn it over to Scott for more detail on our recent results.
Scott Tozier: Thank you, Ken, and good morning, everyone. Albemarle generated second quarter net sales of $764 million, a decrease of about 14% compared to the prior year. This reduction was primarily driven by reduced prices in Lithium as expected coming into the year and reduced volumes in Catalysts and Bromine related to the COVID-19 pandemic. GAAP net income was %$86 million or $0.80 per diluted share. The non-GAAP adjustments this quarter were primarily related to restructuring costs with adjusted earnings of $0.86 per diluted share. Lower net income was primarily driven by lower net sales partially offset by over $30 million in cost and efficiency improvements, corporate and GS&A were lower versus the prior year due to these cost savings initiatives. As Ken stated, adjusted EBITDA was $185 million, a decrease of 29% from the prior year, but at the high end of the guidance we gave in May. If you look at slide eight for a look at the EBITDA bridge by business segment, adjusted EBITDA was down $77 million over the prior year reflecting lower net sales, higher freight costs and lower equity income, partially offset by the cost savings initiatives. Lithium adjusted EBITDA declined by $15 million versus the prior year, excluding currency, pricing was down about 14%, partially offset by cost savings initiatives, lower pricing reflects previously agreed battery grade contract price concessions, as well as lower market pricing. Adjusted EBITDA was also impacted by lower Callison equity income as our joint venture partner took lower volumes in the quarter. Bromine’s adjusted EBITDA was down $8 million excluding currency. The decline was primarily due to volume reductions related to demand softness, partially offset by cost savings and efficiency improvements. In Catalyst, adjusted EBITDA declined $44 million excluding currency. Volumes were down 22%, while pricing was down just 4%. Lower volumes primarily reflect FCC volume declines caused by reduced consumption of transportation fuel, high fuel inventories and continued travel restrictions. HPC volumes were down due to normal lumpiness in order patterns, as well as some softness related to lower oil prices and reduced fuel demand. Catalyst results were also impacted by a net $12 million correction of out of period errors related to inventory valuation and freight accruals. These errors occurred primarily in the first quarter of 2020 following the implementation of our ERP system. Our corporate and other category adjusted EBITDA increased $15 million due to improved fine chemistry services results and corporate cost reductions. As Kent mentioned, we ended the quarter with liquidity of about $1.5 billion, including $737 million of cash, $550 million remaining under our $1 billion revolver and $220 million on other available credit lines. Our short-term debt is comprised of commercial paper and the delayed draw term loan. We also have $441 million of senior notes due in late 2021. The investment grade market is open to us and we anticipate refinancing or rolling forward these debt maturities. The divestitures of FCS and PCS, which is a portion of our Catalyst business are ongoing, but progress continues to be slow due to COVID-19 pandemic related travel restrictions. The potential buyers remain interested and both transactions are potential liquidity events as we get back to normal. Turning to slide 10 for an update on our cost savings activities, as discussed last quarter, given the current economic environment, we are executing our downturn playbook to preserve cash. We continue to expect the short-term cash management actions to save the company about $25 million to $40 million per quarter. Examples of these short-term savings include things like, travel restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic, limited utilization of professional services and consultants, and actively managing our working capital. As previously disclosed, our two biggest capital projects, La Negra III and IV and Kemerton are being slow walked to preserve capital. We have the optionality to accelerate or stop these projects depending on market conditions. At this point, we continue to expect full year 2020 capital spending in the range of $850 million to $950 million, unchanged from our previous outlook and down 15% from our original outlook late last year. We are also temporarily reducing some production primarily in response to near-term demand weakness. In Catalysts we have idled one HPC production line and FCC production line that was idled in Q2 is now back up and running. In Lithium, we plan to idle portions of our Silver Peak and Kings Mountain production facilities in response to short-term supply demand imbalances and excess inventory builds in the battery-grade channel. We remain committed to the long-term operation of these facilities and currently plan to restart them in early 2021. And finally, our accelerated 2020 sustainable cost savings initiative is on track to achieve cost reductions of $50 million to $70 million this year until we reach run rate savings of at least $100 million by the end of 2021. These cost savings projects were already identified and underway when COVID-19 hit. For example, our Lithium team has identified $11 million of annual savings related to operational excellence and supply chain optimization. We are leveraging lean principles at our plants to optimize efficiency. Bromine and Catalyst both have projects aimed at reducing annual direct material costs by almost $7 million in total. We are examining all upcoming contracts for additional cost savings. Depending on market dynamics that may mean qualifying new suppliers and diversifying supply or consolidating spend with fewer suppliers in exchange for better pricing. And at Corporate, our global IT group is streamlining the number of software applications that they support to reduce costs and increase productivity resulting in a savings of about $4 million per year. Let’s turn to our outlook for the third quarter on page 11. Based on current order book and cost reduction actions, we expect Q3 2020 adjusted EBITDA in the range of $140 million to $190 million. Lithium’s Q3 2020 EBITDA is expected to be down about 10% to 20% sequentially. We continue to see the impact of contract price concessions agreed upon in late 2019, as well as lower market prices. Q3 results are also expected to be impacted by continued low OEM automotive production, higher inventory in the battery chain and reduced demand in the glass and ceramics markets. Bromine Q3 EBITDA is expected to be roughly flat sequentially, as we continue to see COVID-19 pandemic related impacts, which began in late Q2. Stabilization in some markets like construction offset continued weakness in other areas including flame retardants and drilling fluids. Finally, Catalyst Q3 EBITDA is expected to remain down about 50% to 60% from the prior year. FCC demand is expected to partially recover in the second half as travel resumes and global gasoline inventories continue to deplete. Conversely, the HPC business is expected to be negatively impacted in the second half as refiners to first spending and push turnarounds into 2021 and 2022. Looking beyond Q3 2020 continues to be challenging with limited visibility for most of our businesses. We are staying in close contact with customers and suppliers, and reviewing various economic forecast as we continue to navigate through this uncertain environment. Albemarle benefits from strong business positions across a wide range of end-user markets. About a quarter of our revenues are from transportation fuels, these revenues are largely tied to miles driven or fuel consumption. U.S. miles driven dropped off sharply in March with stay-at-home orders around the country and has rebounded since but remains well below our normal summer season. EIA forecast suggests that U.S. miles driven won’t return to 2019 levels until late next year. Electric vehicle sales are a key driver for our Energy Storage business. We look at a variety of auto production and sales forecasts including IHS markets forecast. IHS expects 2020 electric vehicle production of $3 million units, down significantly from now the pre-COVID forecast, but up about 20% from 2019. Expected 2021 EV production of 5.2 million units is also down from previous forecasts, but represents a significant rebound from current EV production levels. Of course, ultimately, what matters is consumer behavior and automotive sales, and to that end, we are also encouraged by recent green incentives we have seen around the world, which are supportive of EV demand. Many of our end-markets such as electronics, chemical synthesis and construction are driven by broader consumer sentiment and global GDP. Consumer sentiment is rebounding in all regions but remains below pre-COVID levels. In 2020 GDP forecasts have stabilized but represent a fairly significant year-over-year declines. These forecasts and leading indicators helped gauge the outlook for end-use markets, but a variety of factors including order lags, inventory changes and regulatory changes could cause our own results to differ from the underlying market conditions. And of course, secondary waves of infection could also cause setbacks in demand. Nevertheless, we are cautiously optimistic that many of our end-use markets are at least stabilizing if not starting to recover.
Kent Masters: Thanks, Scott. As we all know, economic conditions remain very challenging. Albemarle is an industry leader in all three of our core businesses. We believe in the long-term growth prospects of these businesses, but our immediate challenge is to manage through this crisis. In the meantime, we will focus on controlling what we can control. That means first and foremost, working hard to keep our people safe. It also means building operational discipline to improve cost and efficiency to deliver exceptional value and service and to optimize our capital spending. We remain confident in our strategy and we will modify execution of that strategy to further position Albemarle for success.
Meredith Bandy: All right. Before we open the lines for Q&A, I’d like to remind everyone to please limit questions to one question and one follow-up to ensure that as many participants as possible have a chance to ask a question and feel free to get back in the queue for additional follow-ups if time allows. And with that, Operator, please proceed with the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
David Huang: Hi. This is David Huang here for Dave. I guess, first, you have just given the timing lag and probably some lower fixed cost absorption. Can Lithium EBITDA be up sequentially in Q4?
Scott Tozier: It’s really going to depend. This is Scott. It’s really going to depend on what the volume environment looks like in Q4. The team’s done a great job on cost reduction. I am not expecting any incremental sequential cost reduction going in the fourth quarter at this point in time unless demand starts to decline further. But at the end of the day, depending on fourth quarter growth is going to depend on what the volume looks like coming out of our customers.
David Huang: Okay. And then, I guess, if you have any early view on how your Lithium prices could trend in 2021?
Scott Tozier: Obviously, I think it’s trending 2021
Kent Masters: Yeah. So, yeah, this is Kent. Yeah. So that’s the magic question and it’s going to depend on volume right, as volume comes back and the market gets tighter. But we know there’s inventory and the supply chain it’s going to take a little bit of additional volume to work that off before price move. So that’s the inflection that we are looking forward. But it’s too early for us to call that.
David Huang: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Robin Fiedler: Hi. This is Robin on for Joel. Thanks for taking my questions. If you describe the magnitude of the current LC inventory dynamic and if you could break it down both regionally and by end product versus feedstock if possible? Thank you.
Eric Norris: Hi, Robin. This is Eric Norris here. I will do this best I can, I don’t -- I can’t give you the granularity that you are asking. But we definitely saw during the second quarter inventories continue to build in the channel. This is because as we all know automotive services were shutdown for the second quarter. Our demand in the industrial sector has weakened and when those automotive producers reopened, we opened at lower rates. So that inventory rose to levels that are in excess of five months above normal levels for refined Lithium products. That’s largely almost entirely in the battery channel. I mean there may be some inventories in industrial but that’s being worked off, so it’s really the battery channel. And most of the battery industry today is in Asia, so regionally it’s going to be in Asia, although, some of that inventory is in suppliers hands as well, we talked about an action we are taking to reduce some of our inventory by idling facilities, but some of our competitors we believe may have excess inventories as well. So that would be -- it’s hard to say where that might be, that might be in the region of Asia, that might be at their production sites. But that that’s our view now and we are obviously watching very closely as we look towards a recovery to see that that peak can then begin to get drawn down as demand improves. The question is, of course, as Scott indicated, visibility to that demand improvement at this point.
Robin Fiedler: Great. Thanks for that. And just one quick follow-up, so can you just quantify the magnitude of the reduced production, is it about 2,000 tons or?
Eric Norris: Yeah. So the production were -- that we are talking about is for -- it’s going to be down for us, call it, the beginning of September through at this point the end of the year depending on market conditions. So approximately four months of production on a plant that annually, which really driven by our King’s Mountain facility, which produces hydroxide, what supplies that plant is Silver Peak, the carbonate that feeds it. So on an end hydroxide, that’s end product hydroxide basis annualize you are talking about 4,000 tons, 5,000 tons a year and so it can be down for four months of that at this point.
Robin Fiedler: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Mike Sison: Hey. Good morning. Nice quarter. In terms of -- you used to have a nice slide talking about the potential demand for Lithium up to 2025 and I think the base case was 1 million tons. Can you sort of walk us through what you think that long-term potential is, has it changed materially or is about the same and how do you think that will work through over the next couple of years?
Kent Masters: So I will start with that and then Eric can fill in the details to the extent we can. So we have said and we still believe kind of a demand profile has been pushed out by about a year. So we -- and -- so we don’t think kind the long-term demand is affected, but the curve has changed probably steepened but it’s been pushed out a year during this. We continue to watch the forecast and how the EV penetration happens around the world to see if it changes that profile, but today we believe it’s the kind of the curve four years, five years out. The volume is the same. Curve is a little steeper to get there and starts about a year later.
Eric Norris: Yeah. There’s not much to add to that comment but if you do look at slide 12 you can see the steepness of that curve in the following way. We have said that the demand we thought would materialize in 2020 before the crisis, that growth has shifted a year, originally we thought that would be 4.1 million vehicles, if you want to put on a vehicle -- electric vehicle basis and so that did materialize. We are looking at IHS has currently forecasting something closer to 3 million vehicles. But if you look out for the next year, where we see the demand has shifted to, it’s 5.2 million vehicles is what HIS. That’s obviously higher than 4.1. So that’s the point at which this curve is getting steeper. We believe that the stimulus measures that have been added on top of already measures that are there on the OEM, the CO2 reductions, now you have consumer based incentives in Europe that have been added on top of those are part of what’s driving the steepness of that curve and allow us to stay on that projection we are going to detail modeling of it all the way after 2025 and it’s right around that 1 million be met tons that we talked about for the industry driven by electric vehicles.
Mike Sison: Got it. And then Eric as a quick follow-up, the price concessions, how does that get negotiated, if I recall that was sort of our fourth quarter event, right? So can you sort of walk through kind of the semantics of what will happened with those price concessions as you head into 2021?
Eric Norris: Yeah. You are right, Mike. It’s a bit early to say what’s going to happen. I can say this is, we are doing the same thing last year. We are looking at a falling set of market prices last year and we are in a -- we are trying to figure out how we are going to approach the year and that’s what led to the 2021 year concessions on these long-term agreements. If you sit here and look at 2021, the price in the market now is far lower than it was a year-ago. So that, I guess, would be the negative on this. The positive in that negotiation is what I just talked about is the steepness of that growth curve suspected or projected for next year, which there are other indications that are that is happening if you look at some of the Korean automotive public releases about what they see, not the Korean automotive, excuse me, the Korean battery producers, what they are projecting for their second half of the year, they are already starting to see and believe they are going to start to see that leading edge of that demand in terms of demand for that product. So that -- I can’t tell you how the negotiation is going to play out in terms of the exact way price will look in 2021, as Kent said earlier, that’s the big question. But I -- and those are the positives and negatives. Our LTAs have help, right, and we use them as part of the commercial negotiation use them as part of the commercial negotiation to find a good solution going forward that honors the spirit of inventory we have with them, right, with these customers. So we will be able to get more detail later in the year or earlier in the coming year.
Mike Sison: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Sheehan with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So could you talk about what downside and upside are from your segment guidance, so it looks like your full year EBITDA, sorry, your full company third quarter EBITDA guidance varies significantly from the segments. I am just trying to figure out either whether you have downsides and upsides baked in or is this coming from corporate and all other?
Scott Tozier: Yeah. Jim, this is Scott. So if you look at the segments, for Lithium we are expecting a range of being down sequentially by around 10% to 20%. So that kind of bounds what’s happened there. Most of that’s going to be volume related overall for Lithium. For Bromine, it’s relatively tight right now. They have got pretty good visibility into their order book at least through the end of August and so flat sequentially they could be down a little bit or up a little bit, but flat sequentially. And then Catalyst is expected to be down between 50% and 60% on a year-over-year basis, really on the back of hydro processing orders and the timing of those, as well as the recovery of FCC on the back of increased fuel demand globally and so that kind of balance the range. Corporate is pretty well bound in with the cost reductions that we have out there and the small business fine tuning services is doing well in the U.S., so.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you. And as it pertains to capital allocation, you have listed M&A in your slide on capital allocation. Maybe to talk about the pipeline what type of acquisitions you might be considering, what size and what region in the world or is that process really slowed down the same way that your asset sale process is?
Kent Masters: Yeah. So we continue to look for those opportunities, but there are going to be bolt-on, nothing dramatic. And -- but I would say, it’s probably fair to say that process has slowed down, but we continue to look for opportunities in the down market and that would probably most likely be around Lithium conversion assets that were available in the markets where we find that attractive.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thank you for giving us time. This is Daniel Kutz [ph] on for Vincent. I just had a quick question in terms of the technical grade, how much is that like in the demand down this year versus battery grade demand and how fast do you expect technical to come back and kind of what are the sign posts that we should be watching to track that?
Eric Norris: Yeah. It’s a smaller market for us. I would say -- this is Eric speaking. I would say that the technical grade market, if you look at any industrial indicator for the recession, it’s going to be representative what that technical grade market is doing. I have seen some external statistics that say that the glass and ceramics industry is an example contracted by 25% in the second quarter. So that is -- that’s not obviously inconsistent with what’s happening economically around the world. So that’s the auto magnitude of what we are seeing. It’s a small part of our business, right? It’s less than 20% of our sales overall and it’s very mix, it’s not just glass and ceramics there are other segments that are doing better than the in the glass and ceramics sector. So we aren’t seeing any sign of recovery in that yet. As we -- or as we roll here into the third quarter and that’s what we expect in the fourth quarter again and that just comes on the head of what we talked about earlier, it’s very murky and hard to tell at this point, which is why we are cautious to give more detailed guidance on Q4.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Thank you. And then in terms of idling facilities, what is the cost of temporarily idling these and how quickly you can they both be taken down and brought back up. And I guess, just part of that, what is kind of the lowest that utilization rate that they can run at before it becomes unit cost derivatives.
Kent Masters: So I will take the cost of idling. It’s relatively small. So these are smaller plants with a relatively small workforce. So really in total less than $10 million is actually idle the plant itself. And Eric if you want to just talk about utilization and recovery?
Eric Norris: Yeah. We just told the workforce yesterday about this, right, and we expect to be fully idled or safely down by September the 1st. So that give you some idea of the down and then there will be comparable period to come up once we see the demand signals to come back up. It is -- I am sorry, second question, I guess, was utilization. This is a fairly small part of our mix, but it’s an important part of being able to supply 2021 we believe, provided recovery take through as we expected to. So it’s on utilization basis. It’s not a lot. But here is a point that I think is also implied in your question. It is not -- this is product that given the weakness in the market while our contracts are being upheld, any opportunities outside of those, any opportunities in China, any opportunities in industrial markets is limited, for all the reasons we have discussed, because of the contraction in the marketplace. So this is product that would have gone to inventory. So there’s not an EBITDA impact on our guidance associated with what of our guidance otherwise would have been associated with this. This is just a reduction in inventory and during this period of time of down, we will continue to make investments to prepare these assets to run full out when the recovery does occur, which we, again, hope will be and anticipate will be in 2021.
Unidentified Analyst: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I guess I just wanted to get your perspective on Lithium markets. I understand that your overall view is maybe even pushed out a year. But has there been any change in, I guess, how you are looking at supply demand, I mean, I appreciate that the automakers may not be coming back at full, but are they potentially coming back with greater focus on EVs and if so would that be a positive tailwind for you. So that’s my question on Lithium and then I have one more question on Catalysts, if you could maybe just characterize how you are thinking about that business on the surface, it looks like there could be some structural impairment that could last for quite a while. I guess is that a fair characterization. So, yeah, maybe you can just give your medium-term thoughts on both businesses? Thanks.
Kent Masters: So, again, I will comment on that and Eric can fill if I miss piece on the -- on Lithium. So as you said before, we really don’t think it’s changed the dynamic for the EV market long-term, so we kind of fundamentally believe in the EV market and the Lithium demand that’s going to go into that. So, the one thing that has happened, I guess, that is quite different is there incentives becoming -- becoming more incentives associated with electric vehicles and that’s primarily in Europe. That’s probably -- it’s going to drive that a little differently than it was before. So previously you didn’t have the depth, but the curve was a year earlier, the demand coming out now, you have got a depth that comes back a little stronger, primarily on those incentives and trying to figure out exactly what that curve looks like, we don’t know. And regardless of incentives and the demand that’s going to happen, I mean, consumers still have to buy cars and that’s the fundamental thing we don’t really know and I think the people forecasting that don’t know as well. So, Eric, anything on top of that.
Eric Norris: No. Nothing to add other than you just -- you all have to be conscious of the fact that just like the impacts that happened in the second quarter aren’t really hitting us until the third quarter. So to the recovery, just as I said, we have the Korean manufacturers out, saying, that they see a significant uptick in their sales. That’s probably and hopefully related to these -- what’s going on in Europe and there’s obviously a corresponding lag, particularly with excess channel inventories there for it to come back and hit us. So that’s why in the longer term, we are pretty optimistic, but in the next six months it’s very hard to say, very hard to say.
Kent Masters: Yeah. And then on your Catalysts question kind of the same approach. I will do a high level, Raphael, can fill in. But so oil prices are down and then the miles driven are pretty dramatic change and you could see on that slide, I think, it was slide 12, how dramatic that was miles driven and that’s changed that. We don’t really see it changing the fundamentals of that business long-term, but it is going to take some time for that to come back. Before people go back to work and commute and maybe they don’t commute as much as they did after this or maybe less miles driven, maybe more vacation by driving rather than flying, but then again, that’s air travel. So we think that’s been pushed out for some period of time, but peak oil probably it doesn’t change. We knew that was coming in some period of time, has that been pulled forward by a little bit, we don’t know that. Most of the forecast say maybe a year, maybe not. So I don’t think it fundamentally changes the business that we have, clean fuels continue to be important, our business is based on innovation around clean fuels, so we don’t think it fundamentally changes it or structurally changes it. But it might change the dynamics of where our markets are geographically and which of our customers do better or do worse during this.
Raphael Crawford: Yeah. This is Raphael, Arun. To add to that view, certainly, this is a time for our business to take action to mitigate the impact whether it would be, cost working capital, capital for the near-term, because it has -- COVID-19 has had an acute impact on our customers and suppliers to our customers. That being said, as Kent said, there is a bright future for refining Catalysts when positioned correctly and our strategy is really all around positioning our business to take advantage of trends in emerging markets where fuel consumption will continue to grow beyond global peak gasoline, as well as the emerging chemicals applications from refineries where we already have a position of strength and we need to advance that. So, with all of the challenges that COVID-19 brings, it is a great motivator for us as a company to stay on strategy and accelerate that strategy to be in more resilient spaces as we progress.
Arun Viswanathan: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Harrison with Seaport Global Securities. Your line is now open.
Mike Harrison: Hi. Good mornings. Raphael, maybe kind of continuing on the Catalyst discussion, can you talk about the FCC pricing outlook. I believe you saw a pricing in your Catalyst business overall decline by 4%, not sure if that’s pricing or mix, but are you seeing resilient FCC pricing and are you see any trading down as you look at your overall mix and Catalysts.
Raphael Crawford: Hey, Mike. Thanks for the question. So when we look at it, pricing does -- there has been some downward movement on price but not for the value-oriented products that are the bulk of our portfolio. So as you know in the FCC industry, you certainly have contracted business, you have business that’s not contract and then there are trials and trials are a period of time within a contract, when a competitor can bring a Catalyst into a refinery to test performance. Trial pricing is lower, so to the extent that within our mix we have trials and we are pursuing trials with new refineries or refineries we don’t have, yeah, that pricing is going to be lower than what we have typically seen. But for the business that’s our core business on performance products that pricing has been stable and I would even think, if I looked at prior quarter and looking ahead as we are negotiating for contracts where we are demonstrating value or increased value we are able to gain on price. So I would say, it’s sort of mix between trial pricing and contract pricing, and what we generate on value has the biggest impact on that.
Mike Harrison: All right. Thanks for that. And then on Lithium, I was wondering if you can give a little more color on where you are seeing the greatest concern in terms of inventories in the Lithium channel and in the battery channel. Is it with finished Catalyst material and the battery makers, is it hydroxide, is it carbonate, it’s probably mean maybe some more detail there?
Eric Norris: Hey, Mike. It’s Eric here. So look it’s, I would say, we have and you can sort of interpret this by the action we have taken with our plants, it’s both hydroxide and carbonate. And it’s with our customers, be the cathode customers or battery accounts and with -- we believe with suppliers in the channel. We understand that there are probably potentially even some excess inventories from a cathode standpoint. So I mean you have an industry that during the second quarter screeched to a halt, right? Nothing was happening for depended on plant it could have been a month more in terms of the OEM closures. So it’s in the battery channel and it’s at various points in the battery channel. And so I think it’s about the most color I can give you at this point in time. Spodumene is -- there continues to be excess spodumene in China. Some of that is below grade spodumene, meaning below 6%. Some of that it’s even the DSO variety, which is just raw rock, it’s not processed. And some of it by its purchasers just purchased the high prices for spodumene rock, so it’s an economic in the current situation. So there’s this spodumene -- excess spodumene there is well. That is a lot more opaque and hard to tell exactly how much however.
Mike Harrison: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Matthew DeYoe: Hi. I wanted to hit a little bit on the Catalyst trial pricing issue. I mean, why are your trial price is lower, are refineries just kind of trialing lower quality products, is the way to temporarily lower costs. Do you see risk of these get adopted because refineries don’t need better utilization rates right now that your higher FCCs would deliver?
Raphael Crawford: Hey, Matthew. This is Raphael. The -- some of it has to do with just the dynamic that every market is down and every Catalyst producer would like to look for new volume opportunities and the most accessible way to go and do that is to participate in trials. So I think the activity and the eagerness of the market around trials has increased and when in that competitive space, certainly, folks are -- and Albemarle included are willing to price lower than what we normally would, still at positive margin to participate in a trial to prove out value to a refinery over what they might already have with their current supplier. That being said, with trials, I mean, you get in the door to some extent that trial sets a benchmark for future pricing. But most refineries understand that pricing and Catalysts is very much tied to value and if you are generating value over time you are able to raise the price to what you are able to justify with your performance. Albemarle has been very good at doing that and where we participate in markets related to max chemicals, bottoms cracking, which is really our strength within FCC, we are able to demonstrate value and capture price over time.
Matthew DeYoe: Okay. And then if I would have just circle back on the excess spodumene comment, I know there was a fair amount that’s you mentioned below 6% and there is DSO. But how much excess spodumene out there that is above 6% and like a seasonable product. I think that was sized before at -- about three months to six months of excess inventory, is that still the case, is any of that have been worked down at all?
Eric Norris: I will have to go back to the kind of that again, the comment maybe for, it is incredibly opaque. And even to the point where sometimes inventory is counted twice depending on who you are talking to. So I really couldn’t tell you. I can tell you that 6% -- the 6% spodumene that has been produced for integrated producers like Albemarle, our partner, and obviously, competitors as well Tianqi, potentially for some of the other producers that are integrated like Kemerton. I doubt that they would be carrying a lot of excess inventories because we have been -- I am assuming that those competitors are doing the same thing that Albemarle is doing, which is we are trying as a leader in the industry trying to assist the challenge by reducing inventories and we -- and the outputs as you can see from our equity income is substantially reduced from Talison is the big part of that actually is Tianqi and the challenges they have had. So it’s -- that 6% which is very high quality rock that I think has been coming down. But as for the rest, the majority of which is below 6% or barely 6%, that’s probably were more of the excess is, because that’s a less economic product in today’s market with today’s prices.
Matthew DeYoe: Okay. I appreciate your -- the added detail. I know it’s definitely opaque. So thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Bob Koort: Thank you. Good morning. A couple of Lithium questions, have you guys think about reconciling what seems to be some odd financial math when, I guess, in China we are seeing battery grade material under $6,000 you have got spodumene market prices under $400. And I think, Eric, you are talking about inventories might be bloated everywhere. So can your competitors in China make money? Is there the risk that they try to liquidate those inventories more aggressively in a weak period? Do you see a bifurcated market as China different than Japan and Korea? Can you just give us a little color there?
Eric Norris: Well, on -- hey Bob. It’s Eric here. On the first part of your question, I would say, that what you are seeing is, nothing has changed in the cost curves that we talked about. You can go back and look at the Investor Day, look at where we thought marginal cash costs are between $6 and $7 in that range. That hasn’t changed. There’s nothing that’s changed in that regard. And so, effectively at prices you are seeing in the China market now spot prices, the whole right hand side of the cost curve is underwater. They are not able to make money. They lose money selling product. So I can’t explain why that’s happening other than it’s a market that has gone through a compression that we talked about, because of the COVID crisis in second quarter and it’s started working its way out as we go into the second half of the year. And you have lower cost producers particularly in the carbonate side and remember China is largely a carbonate market, who have lower cost positions, brine -based rock -- brine based carbonate has a much lower cost position are able to sell well below the cash cost of those who are rock-based producers in the region. So I think that’s what’s happening. It sort of shows sort of the stress in the system. Will Chinese producers start to unload inventory? I think, potentially, in a desperation move, but I think at this point, most of that rock is sitting stationary until market values improve, at this point. You had a second part of your question, Bob, was about…
Bob Koort: Just wondering…
Eric Norris: …was there difference between China and elsewhere? Yeah. No. Yes. There’s a difference. Again, it’s largely a carbonate market, more of the high nickel chemistry today that hydroxide base has made outside of China, some of it’s -- maybe produced in China, but most of the demand for that is outside China. And of course, there are structural differences. There’s VAT difference between China and inside and outside of China as well. But again, I don’t know anything has changed other than the fact that we have had a demand crisis and that’s really put pressure on the system.
Bob Koort: And Eric you mentioned that your LTAs have largely held, I think, in the last couple of quarters, you have talked about you want to sell to your customers in the manner that they want to buy in terms of contract dynamics. But what’s your expectation for the desire for those LTAs, as you start to get to the exponential part of that demand curve, because it would seem the cathode folks are looking at this volatility and pricing and obviously resets on pricing, but then you have got some pretty dangerous implications for them if the industry curtails its expansion activity, where there may be a scarcity value sometime down the road. So I guess what I am asking is the game plan, do you think you will have a lot more LTAs at fixed prices two years and three years from now or a lot fewer because your customers are maybe moving away from that. Can you give me your sense of how this market develops from a very weak price period to a potentially very tight market in a few years?
Eric Norris: I don’t think the security of supply and notion of that has changed. But we do see our contracts starting to evolve from there. Do you want to comment, Kent?
Kent Masters: Yeah. And I would say, that security and how our customers look out a year or two and looking for guaranteed supply out in that timeframe is part of that dynamic. And we -- but we are seeing it as a portfolio with a percentage and they will be those long-term contracts, but with slightly different terms across the portfolio, some with guaranteed promises of supply a couple of years out and some without that and some more spot based and others more contracted with a formula that may indicate spot but not move with spot.
Eric Norris: Yeah. And what’s happening now is I think you have put your -- sort of put your finger on it Bob is that, short-termism is an interesting strategy. Now it will save you some money, because spot prices are really low. But as you have also point out, capacity is being withdrawn from the market. The economics to support expansion are not there today in the market for almost every producer except for the very lowest cost producers and there’s a scarcity at some point it starts to shift. We think the supply chain particularly those most invested in the supply chain, all the way to the top of it, the automotive producers are increasingly focused and will become increasingly focused on this issue, which is why, I think, there’s always a value for security supply. And to Kent’s point, we always want a portfolio. We are always going to want some of those price buyers, because that -- those -- that there is a value to that when the market goes up, right, in terms of what it means your EBITDA. We don’t want a majority of our business there but we will have some of it there.
Bob Koort: Great. Thanks for the insight.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Skowronski with UBS. Your line is now open.
Matthew Skowronski: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Can you give us an update on when we should expect to see sales from La Negra III and IV and if you have changed your view at all about the timing of the ramp of additional capacity given the demand disruption you have seen this year?
Kent Masters: Well, we had said last quarter, we have kind of slowed down the execution of those -- of our two big projects, La Negra III and IV and at Kemerton. And so that really hasn’t changed. We have slowed that down basically because we see demand being pushed out at gap and we did that to kind of preserve cash but it also matches what we see s supply-demand and obviously given the discussion you have seen today we are -- we have got our forecast and we have our view, but it’s a bit of a shot in the dark. But we see volume to your question from La Negra III and IV our capacity coming on late next year and then a qualification period after that.
Matthew Skowronski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Chris Kapsch: Yeah. Good morning. Question is probably for Eric and slightly nuance follow-up to some of the stuff you have talked about. But just -- on the comments about excess inventory in the battery supply chain with hydroxide there’s a limited shelf life given its hydroscopic nature and no such issue with carbonates. So I am just wondering if your comments about inventories, if those -- if that dynamic is more pronounced for carbonate grades versus hydroxide grades. Maybe you got it just a little bit by suggesting that some of the excess inventories at cathode level, but just wondering given that a lot of these newly introduced EV models particularly in Europe are definitely deploying higher energy density cathodes that require hydroxide. I am wondering if there is a little bit of bifurcation in those dynamics?
Eric Norris: So you are right. Chris, this is Eric. There is sure shelf life for hydroxide, which is -- but it’s also a smaller market. So it’s a more -- if we look at our customer base, the number of customers that they use hydroxide to a large degree and would have high inventory levels. It’s a more manageable group of folks to work with. And it’s also the reason that the motivator for the idlings that we did and we announced to our employee yesterday in our release last night is driven first and foremost by the hydroxide. Carbonate is a bigger market and the shelf life considerations aren’t the same. So you do manage them differently, because it’s bigger, there’s a lot of carbonate inventory out there too, right? The more people produce it and more people buy it. So there’s a difference in the way in which we manage it, but the challenges are the same and that they are elevated for both.
Chris Kapsch: Okay. And my follow up is and you have got it just a little bit with -- in response to Bob’s question on your long-term agreements. But there’s obviously this acquisition where there is acute near-term oversupply probably amplified by the COVID pandemic. But then the increasing steepness of the EV adoption curve a couple few years out. So I am just wondering again probably looking at maybe the conversation around carbonate versus the conversations around long-term sourcing of hydroxide. Is there -- can you just provide any color on as some of those customers are looking for a little relief on the previously agreed to pricing floors. Is there still anxiousness about the ability to source a long-term basis hydroxide, is that -- and is that more noticeable with the conversation around hydroxide vis-à-vis carbonate? Thank you.
Eric Norris: I would say that that because the steepness in the growth curve that we -- that IHS is projecting and it’s a guided post for us provided it happens when it does, that’s also what our customers are seeing and it’s driven largely by -- a big chunk of it is driven by Europe and that is also a big hydroxide opportunity that, yes, there is improbably increased, I don’t know I think anxiety is the right word, but statement around from customers around, they are going to need more -- a lot more hydroxide in the coming year or so and they are banking on Albemarle to be able to bring Kemerton in particular online to meet that. Now, all of this is tampered about when, right? The steepness in that curve feels, right, based on what we are seeing, the timing of it is consumer spending driven. So we just keep a careful eye on that up and down the supply chain.
Chris Kapsch: Fair enough. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Meredith Bandy for closing remarks.
Meredith Bandy: Hi. Thank you all for your questions and participation in today’s call. As always, we appreciate your interest in Albemarle and this concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Albemarle Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Ms. Meredith Bandy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. Maám please go ahead. 
Meredith Bandy: Alright, thank you and welcome to Albemarle's first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find the press release, earnings presentation, and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, former Chief Executive Officer; Kent Masters, current Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium are also available for Q&A.  As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call including our outlook, expected company performance, expected COVID-19 impacts, and proposed expansion projects may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release, that same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures can be found on our earnings release and the appendix of our presentation, both of which are on our website. With that I will turn the call over to Luke. 
Luke Kissam: Thanks Meredith and good morning everybody. I certainly hope that everybody is healthy and safe. I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Kent Masters as Albemarle's new CEO. Since Kent joined the Board in 2015 he has been one of my most trusted advisors and mentors. Kent has a proven track record in good times and in bad as a successful CEO of a publicly traded company and he thoroughly understands what is expected of a leader in that role. I am confident that Kent will continue with work with our Board and the entire Albemarle team to position the company from future success and deliver long-term value for our customers, our employees, shareholders, and other stakeholders. With that I'll turn it over to Kent.
Kent Masters: Thank you Luke. It's good to be here today. I'm excited for the opportunity and I look forward to meeting with members of the investment community virtually and eventually in person when it's safe for us to do so. As Luke mentioned I joined the Board in 2015 with the acquisition of Rockwood where I had been on the Board -- where I had been a Board Member there since 2007. Over the past five years I've worked closely with Luke and was actively involved with my Board colleagues in establishing the company's purpose and values which are core to our identity. What excites me about Albemarle is the innovation and leadership we bring to our markets and the prospects we have for future growth. We have earned an enviable position at our markets and with our strong strategy and values we will build on that legacy for years to come. On today's call I will cover a high level overview of the current environment, our actions in light of COVID-19, and our capital allocation priorities. Scott will review the first quarter financials, provide an update on cost savings, and review our outlook. First, I want to emphasize that the safety and welfare of our people is our highest priority. We are taking multiple actions to protect our employees, serve our customers, and help fight the spread of COVID-19. Thankfully to date our sites are operating without material impact related to the pandemic. I deeply appreciate the courage and continued support of the frontline essential workers and our communities and our dedicated Albemarle employees who continue to ensure safe operations at our facilities and offices worldwide. Yesterday we released first quarter results including net income of 107 million or a 1.01 per share. Adjusted EBITDA of 196 million was down 13% from prior year. We had previously communicated the outlook for first quarter EBITDA to be down about 25% from prior year. Ultimately we beat that outlook due to better sales in bromine and lithium and better than expected cost reductions. Of course there will be impacts to all of our businesses related to COVID-19. The timing, duration, and severity of those impacts will vary for each business. Given the degree of uncertainty we are withdrawing our full year 2020 outlook. We plan to reinstate long-term guidance as soon as it is practical to do so. In the meantime we are temporarily introducing quarterly guidance that Scott will walk you through in a few minutes. We have evaluated our capital allocation priorities in light of the current environment and are focusing on -- we're focusing our efforts on preserving cash and maintaining our dividend. That means taking preemptive measures to bolster our balance sheet and maintain financial flexibility. We are also stepping up and accelerating cost savings initiatives that were already underway and introducing short-term cash management plans. We will remain focused on controlling what is within our control and we'll continue to act in the best interest of our shareholders, employees, customers, and other stakeholders to ensure success in these uncertain times. Right now ensuring success means responding to COVID-19 in a way that protects our employees, customers, suppliers, and communities. Our Chinese operations were the first to be impacted by the virus. We have been able to take those early learning from our teams in China and apply them around the globe. In early March we created a global cross functional pandemic response team to recommend, develop, and implement strategies to respond to the pandemic. Albemarle's leadership team meets almost daily to review and take actions on recommendations from that team. In uncertain times communication is critical and we are in frequent dialogue with our employees around the world. To help our employees stay safe and healthy we have implemented protocols including restricting travel, implementing work from home for non-essential personnel, and adjusting shifts, increasing hygiene practices, and requiring social distancing for essential workers in our plants. To date we have had very few confirmed cases. However, availability of testing varies by region. A small number of employees have self quarantined due to prior travel, exposure to a COVID positive individual, or presenting mild flu, mild cold or flu like symptoms.  We are thankful that the number of people directly impacted by COVID-19 has been trending down across the globe and we see this as evidence that the precautions we are taking are working. We are communicating frequently with our customers and suppliers to help us manage supply and demand issues as they arise. To date our plants have operated with minimal impacts other than in China where we operated at reduced rates for two weeks at the first -- during the first quarter. For the health and welfare of our business partners we have halted customer visits to our plant sites and have implemented plant entry protocols for safe and efficient deliveries. Logistics remain a concern across all of our businesses as trucking and shipping companies struggle with new demand patterns and border requirements. We are working through these challenges to keep our customers supplied. As the pandemic continues Albemarle is supporting our communities in the fight against COVID-19. We are providing mask and PPE to frontline health and relief workers and donations and grants to help fight hunger and improve access to online learning. We are collaborating with universities, local disaster relief funds, trade organizations, and other grand tours to extend the reach of our efforts. To date we have distributed more than $1 million to organizations around the globe. Some of our products are also used in the fight against COVID-19. For example our flame retardants are used in electrical medical equipment such as ventilators, our hydrobromic acid product is a catalyst in the manufacture of PET for protective clothing in hospitals. We produce a line of water treatment products and intermediates used in cleaning products and disinfectants, and at our plant in Germany we are producing hand sanitizer for the local community. While these products are not financially significant to our business, we are proud to do our part to protect against the spread of COVID-19. The extent of the economic impact of the global pandemic remains unclear but I am confident that the actions we are taking to adapt to current market conditions will position us to execute our strategy across the cycle. Now I'd like to set the groundwork for our capital allocation priorities. Our first priorities are to fund our dividend to maintain financial flexibility and that is unchanged in the current environment. 2020 is expected to be Albemarle's 26th consecutive year of dividend increases and we remain committed to shareholder returns. We are also committed to maintaining our investment grade credit rating. Execution of our other capital allocation priorities has shifted in this environment. First, all capital projects are being examined for opportunities to preserve cash and spending. Our two biggest capital projects Le Negra III and IV and Kemerton are being slow walked to preserve capital in the near-term. We are also reducing our sustaining capital spend with an eye to maintaining safety and critical main maintenance projects.  Second, we are taking a disciplined and thoughtful approach to investments including M&A and joint ventures and will continue to act in the best interest of our shareholders. Lastly while our share repurchase authorization remains in place there are no buybacks planned in this environment. So with that as a backdrop I will turn it over to Scott for more details.
Scott Tozier: Thank you Kent. Albemarle generated first quarter net sales of $739 million, a decrease of about 11% compared to the prior year. This reduction was primarily driven by reduced volume in price in lithium as expected coming into the year and reduced volumes in Catalyst due in part to low transportation fuel demand caused by COVID-19. GAAP net income was $107 million or a $1.01 per diluted share. There were very minimal adjustments this quarter with adjusted earnings of $1 per diluted share. Corporate cost including SG&A, R&D, and interest and financing expenses were broadly in line with the prior year period. As Kent stated adjusted EBITDA was $196 million, a decrease of 13% from the prior year but above the previously communicated outlook. Turning to Slide 8 for a look at EBITDA by business segment. Adjusted EBITDA was down $30 million over the prior year. Solid performance in bromine and our FCS businesses and companywide cost savings partially offset top line decline for lithium and Catalyst. Lithium's adjusted EBITDA declined by $40 million versus the prior year excluding currency impacts. Pricing in volumes were down about 10% each offset by product and customer mix and cost savings initiatives. As you know in late 2019 we gave one year price concessions to many of our battery material customers. Also as expected customers reduced Q1 2020 shipments as they work through excess inventories from late 2019. In catalyst adjusted EBITDA declined $11 million excluding currency impacts. Both FCC and HPC volumes were down this quarter but for different reasons. The FCC decline was caused by reduced consumption of transportation fuel, stay at home orders, and travel restrictions mean refiners don’t have to run as hard to meet reduced demand. HPC volumes were impacted by logistics challenges as the world's cargo fleet and truck transportation adjusted to slowing global demand. Partially offsetting these challenges the Catalyst business benefited from lower raw materials, better product mix, and cost reduction efforts. Bromine's adjusted EBITDA was up $5 million excluding currency impacts. Improved average realized pricing, cost savings, and lower minority interest expense more than offset lower volume. The Q1 order book was strong but logistics challenges prevented us from filling all those orders during the quarter. Our corporate and other categories is driven primarily by our FCS business. FCS EBITDA was up nearly $16 million on higher volumes and product mix.  While Q1 results were better than we had expected we are operating in uncertain times. As Kent discussed maintaining our strong financial position is a top priority and we remain committed to maintaining our investment grade rating. We had ample liquidity of about $1.7 billion as of quarter end consisting of $553 million of cash including $250 million drawn on our revolver plus $715 million remaining under our $1 billion revolver. $200 million available under our delayed draw term loan which we drew in April and $190 million on other available credit lines. Since quarter close we have issued additional commercial paper of that market return to more normal terms and tenders.  In terms of debt maturity we are pretty well turned out. The only short-term debt is from commercial paper. Our revolver is not due until 2024 and we may choose to repay that sooner. Otherwise the nearest term maturities are $444 million due at the end of 2021. The investment market is open to us and I am confident we will be able to -- that or go forward. The divestitures of PTS, a portion of our Catalyst business and FCS are being slowed down due to the COVID-19 travel restrictions. The potential buyers remain interested in bulk transactions or potential liquidity events as we get back to normal. Turning to Slide 10 from more on our cost savings. We have had a strong history of generating operating cash including $359 million generated during the great recession in 2009. We expect to continue to generate significant operating cash thanks to industry leading positions in all of our businesses and through active cost management. As communicated during the fourth quarter earnings call, we are accelerating the 2020 sustainable cost savings initiatives. These were projects that were already identified and underway when COVID-19 hit. We now expect to achieve cost reductions of $50 million to $70 million this year and reach run rate savings of at least $100 million by the end of 2021. Basically we are bringing forward about $10 million to $20 million of cost savings in June of 2020.  Based on our current order book and cost reduction actions we now expect Q2 2020 adjusted EBITDA in the range of $140 million to $190 million. Lithium's Q2 2020 EBITDA is expected to be down year-over-year but up slightly on a sequential basis. The Q2 order book continues to look solid albeit with some softness in technical grades. Specialties and technical grades make up about 40% of lithium revenues and have a pretty short supply chain. Lags are usually just a few months going into and coming out of recession [ph]. Specialties and technical grade products usually grow at or above GDP growth rates and are driven by consumer spending and industrial production. The energy storage market makes up about 60% of our lithium sales and has a relatively long supply chain with a one to two quarter lag on battery grade sales both in the downturn and in the recovery.  Battery grade customers continue to forecast a stable order pattern in the second quarter as catalysts and battery manufacturers catch up on backlogs, backlog orders placed prior to COVID-19. We expect to see the impact of recent OEM automotive shutdowns flow through the supply chain in the second half. By year-end, OEM automotive restarts are expected to be supportive of battery and lithium demand. China OEM production has started back up and some European plants are scheduled to restart production in mid-May.  Looking beyond Q2 for each of our businesses is difficult and nowhere is that more the case than with lithium. The electric vehicle market that is now the primary growth driver for lithium was not mature enough during the global financial crisis to provide much context for today. Nevertheless, we expect the EV growth curve to be delayed by at least one year. Bromine Q2 order patterns are starting to show the impact from COVID-19. They are off expectations by about 10% and down sequentially. We're seeing some indications that customers may push orders from late May or June into the third quarter. And net-net we expect first half EBITDA to be down year-over-year with Q2 EBITDA down about 20% from prior year. We do expect softness to continue into Q3 related to slowdowns in automotive, consumer electronics, appliances, and construction all as a result of impacts of COVID-19.  Based on our position in the supply chain, we typically see a lag of at least one or two quarters and in some cases longer. Our bromine business has been profitable every year for 20 years. In the global financial crisis bromine's 2009 net sales were down 30% year-over-year, and EBITDA margins fell to 16%, compared to a more normal margin in the high 20% to low 30% range. Then the business rebounded very strongly in 2010 and 2011 back to and in some markets above prerecession levels, thanks to pent up demand. Compared to 2009, bromine today has a tighter supply demand balance going into the downturn. We've also seen some competitor specific supply disruptions, which somewhat muddied the water and may partially offset some of the demand softness.  Bromine is also much more diversified as a business today. It tends to be relatively GDP driven with customers across multiple end user markets. Flame retardants make up about 50% of sales and are used in electronics, automotive, construction and in appliances. Oil-field represents up to 10% of sales, and other industrial uses include TET and agriculture. This diversity allows us to shift sales across markets into the best performing industries.  Finally, as you know, our Catalyst business includes two primary product groups, FCC Catalyst and HPC Catalyst. Across the cycle, FCC and HPC are fairly similar in size, but the HPC business is much lumpier. Customers order HPCs only every two to five years when they perform turnarounds at refineries. Therefore, HPC demand is driven by customer turnaround schedules, whereas FCC demand is driven by transportation, fuel consumption, and miles driven. In a typical recession there's very minimal impact t FCCs. Oil pricing falls and miles driven goes up meaning more fuel demand and more Catalyst demand. HPCs on the other hand tend to see sharply lower demand when oil pricing contracts. Refineries run at lower rates and are able to push out turnarounds and conserve cash.  In 2008 and 2009 and then 2014 and 2015, the oil price corrected by more than 50% in a matter of months. In both cases, FCC earnings were up slightly, but HPC earnings were down about 30% in 2009 and 50% in 2015. In the current economic environment, we do expect HPCs to be down, especially in the second half. But in this case, FCCs will also be down as widespread stay at home orders and travel restrictions lead to dramatically lower miles driven and transportation fuel consumptions. In Q2 we expect to see a full quarter impact of the travel restrictions that began in the first quarter. To date we've seen minimal changes to the FCC order book for Q2. But based on the experience of prior oil price reductions, we expect to see a shift of HPC orders out of second half and into 2021. The timing and extent of the downturn is unclear and a lot depends on how long travel restrictions are in place, how long the oil price remains low, and how much crude and refined product inventory is built up when restrictions are lifted. Given the current economic environment, we are executing our down-turn playbook for short-term cash management and have already activated many of these tactics. In terms of variable costs, restricted travel due to COVID-19 will continue, we're also strictly limiting professional services and consultants.  On fixed cost we're reducing capital expenditures and limiting hiring over time and contractors. Senior executives and the Board have also agreed to a temporary 20% cut to base pay. We're also cutting sustaining and gross capital spending. We will continue to maintain our health, safety, and environmental standards. Beyond that, we're taking a critical look at all capital spending across our businesses. The most meaningful capital spend is at our lithium expansion projects Le Negra III and IV and Kemerton. We are slowing work on these projects to conserve cash and to reassess the demand requirement when the battery industry recovers.  We have maintained optionality to defer additional capital or accelerate these projects depending on market conditions. Including cuts to sustaining a major project capital, we now expect our CAPEX to be in the range of $850 million to $950 million, a 15% reduction from the midpoint of previous guidance. Working capital averages about 25% of sales, so we'd expect to see some reduction here as revenue declines. We're also actively managing working capital to see further improvements, including seeking payment term extensions from vendors, accelerating collection of past receivables, and actively reducing inventories. We have begun shutdowns of some Catalyst's production and have plans in place to slow down our plants as needed, assuming demand declines as recent customer shutdowns work their way through supply chains. Also the short-term cash management actions detailed here are expected to save the company about $25 million to $40 million per quarter. That will be in addition to the CAPEX reductions and sustainable cost savings we just discussed. We're working hard to cut costs, but also minimize the impact for our employees. Unfortunately, depending on the length and severity of the downturn we may add additional production sites or take more drastic cost actions if necessary. These actions are difficult and not something that we undertake lightly, but they are meaningful to help position Albemarle to be stronger for longer.  Now I will turn the call back over to Kent. 
Kent Masters: Thanks, guys. Current economic conditions are challenging. Albemarle is an industry leader in all three of our core businesses. We believe in the long-term growth prospects in all of these businesses but our immediate challenge is to manage through this crisis. We will act on cost reduction measures quickly to preserve cash and maintain our financial flexibility. We will also be poised to respond to meet customer needs when the market returns. We remain confident in our strategy and we will modify execution of that strategy to further position Albemarle for success. 
Meredith Bandy: Great, before we open the lines for Q&A, I would like to remind everyone to please limit questions to one question and one follow-up to ensure that as many participants have a chance to ask a question as possible. Feel free to get back in the queue for additional follow-up if time allows. Thank you. And Michelle, please proceed with the Q&A. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, this is Matthew on for Steve. I wanted to dig into the guidance a little bit more and see if you could kind of point out the drivers, which will result in either the low end or the high end of the guidance range. It seems like your direct segment commentary points to something like 150 million. How did you get to that 190 million number? 
Scott Tozier: Hey, this is Scott. So I think a couple of key things around uncertainty. One is in each of our businesses we've got a pretty good visibility through the end of May beginning of June in terms of our order book and are executing to that. I think the uncertainty comes in each of the businesses as we go through the month of May, particularly with Catalyst in terms of how deep the slowdowns in the refineries will be or if they -- as the states start to come back on -- this refinery start back up. In bromine it's going to come down most likely to some logistics issues and questions around order books getting filled on time. And then Lithium, we do expect that the auto OEM shutdowns will be impacting us in the second half. Right now, the order books looked pretty good through June, but they are starting to soften. So there's some variability there as well. So those are the key drivers for us.
Unidentified Analyst : Okay, and I guess on prior calls you discussed the potential for overbuilding in battery cells as lithium demand appeared strong, despite what we saw was probably a slowdown in autos in 2Q and beyond, how did this end up playing out, where do you see downstream product inventories? And I guess finally Luke I want to wish you well. I always appreciate your candor and levity you brought to the conversations over the years. 
Scott Tozier: Eric you want to take that question. 
Eric Norris: Sure. So, Matt let me tell you what we know about battery cell manufacturers. We -- today we are seeing and have talked about excess inventories of lithium bearing products in the value chain that is being worked off as one of the reasons why our first quarter for us was weaker on volumes. We knew that, expected that coming into the quarter. In terms of battery cell manufacturer, it's actually the opposite of what you describe. The phenomenon we saw during the first quarter, particularly in Europe, was the battery manufacturers having a tough time keeping up with EV demand and production in the months of January and February. That's obviously started to change but it is one reason why the order books continue for the first and second quarter we believe to remain strong. But with these closures to see it tip down in the second half of the year, it's very hard for us to know what that means. And the second half the year is very cloudy. But those are the drivers and phenomenon we're seeing right now.
Unidentified Analyst : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Robert Koort: Thank you very much. I think Scott you might have mentioned that -- you thought maybe the demand curve on lithium was pushed out a year. So I guess I'm trying to ascertain is that an issue that is being episodic for these closures, is it the issue of a recessionary pressure dampening consumer spending, how do you come to that conclusion, what is sort of the calculus of a one year push out to the industry given that I guess a lot of the mandates don't go away and China seems to be cranking back up again? 
Scott Tozier: Yeah, it's really based on current demand in 2020 and the recessionary impacts and some of the modeling that we've been doing. To be honest, we don't know exactly what that curve looks like. And Eric maybe you can provide a little bit more detail there. But right now, the expectations, even if you look at a source such as IHS would suggest that the growth curve is going to be pushed out by at least one year. So Eric, do you want to provide some more information. 
Eric Norris: Yeah, I don't know if I can provide a lot of granularity. Bob, we know that automotive plants collectively are closing some -- openings are delayed here in the U.S. Tesla's opening is imminent, but has been delayed a few times. There's been openings in Germany so far, there hopefully will be more in May. And collectively, if you look at the duration of time that they've been down and look at the supply chain, this one and two quarter lag, we would expect that the third quarter is going to -- that the impact of that shutdown is going to impact to the market in the third quarter. It is much, much harder to ascertain what the consumer impact will be, consumer spending will look like. We do know that regulatory factors in Europe and in China play a role in the adoption. But we don't know what consumer purchasing will look like thereafter. So that's why, as Scott says, we we're only as good as looking at what other people say. And there are widely divergent views on what might happen. When we say we think it might be pushed out a year, that's sort of a consensus view, looking at all the data. And we're just going to have to, as time goes on, scrutinize that and get sharper at understanding with time. But right now, that's what we've got to work with.
Robert Koort: And if I could follow-up Scott, the covenant waiver efforts, are you going attempt to get a net debt measure in, what are the ramifications of seeking that covenant waiver, if you do end up violating that covenant? 
Scott Tozier: Yeah Bob, so we're actively in the discussions with the banks even as we speak. So it's a little bit early to call exactly what the final outcome will be. But the banks have been very, very supportive of Albemarle, given our track record and the capability of our team to deliver. Clearly, a covenant breach is not a good thing and we're going to take all the action necessary to make sure we don't breach. 
Robert Koort: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst : This is David Fong [ph] here for Dave. Just first for your Q1 lithium sales down 18% ex-FX. Can you talk about how much of the decline was pricing versus volume and probably your expectation for raising pricing for the rest of the year?
Scott Tozier: Yeah, this is Scott. So the first quarter lithium was down, as you say, both price and volume are down about 10% about equal. Really as expected on volume so we're expecting volume to be down coming into the year. Pricing in fact was a little bit better than we expected versus our expectations. So that was a positive surprise for us. As you go through the year, our current expectations are still that pricing is going to be down as expected. 
Unidentified Analyst : And secondly, I guess for the RSO business, in your bromine segment, given producers are reducing their capital budgets and especially a very weak offshore drilling market what's your expectation or what type of impact do you expect that to have on your bromine business on the volume side in the medium term?
Scott Tozier: Netha do you want to take that. 
Netha Johnson: Sure, good morning David, this is Netha. As you know our oil-field businesses, primarily with deep drilling fluids which is impact we see probably really into 2021, more so than 2020. It is about 9% of our business today. So in the medium term, we really see that impact coming to us next year rather than this year. 
Unidentified Analyst : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, this is Robin on for Joel. Thanks for taking my question. Your Greenbridge JV partner is out shopping a stake in the JV but LBB runs through increase leverage or issue equity or sell assets to buyout all or some of that space, and would you be concerned if that controlling stake ends up in another company's hand? Thanks. 
Kent Masters: Okay, so we know that Talison is a good project for us and we're following that process closely and we'll see where it goes. We know that the Chinese government will probably have influence on where that asset ends up. But we're interested in it, we're following it, but we're also mindful of the current market environment. So there'll be more to come on that. But we're following it very closely. 
Unidentified Analyst : And just one follow-up on that. Has there been any progress with Tianqi repaying the 100 million that they owe to the Talison JV? 
Kent Masters: So there is a plan in place that we've agreed with them, or that Talison has agreed with them. And we expect that they'll meet that plan and we have actions that we've put in place to mitigate if for some reason they don't meet the plan. 
Unidentified Analyst : Okay. 
Operator: Alright and our next question comes from the line of Jim Sheehan with SunTrust. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
James Sheehan: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Could you give some more color on your plans to slow walk the lithium project spending, are you pushing out those projects by the same timeline as your expectations for electric vehicle demand or how are you thinking about that? 
Kent Masters: So we're slowing the projects. It's a couple of things, but it's about cash management but it's also about where they are in their execution. So we're trying not to cross over a demobilization process. So that is something we could do if we needed to but that would be more difficult for us and would change the timeline. So they're being pushed out. What we both -- we think both of those projects stay reasonably close to their timeline and it will change depending on what we see in the market. So we have slowed those, we'll have the opportunity to slow down more or speed them up as we go, and as we learn more about what the environment looks like economically as a result of this crisis. 
James Sheehan: Thank you. And on -- in China, where are -- you -- what are you seeing in terms of stimulus spending and other incentives to jump start the electric vehicle sales, are you expecting more of an impact on that in the second half?
Eric Norris: Yes, this is Eric, Jim. We would be looking at the same sort of announcements you have, which is announce an extension, a two year extension of the incentives for electric vehicles to consumers in China from where they were due to lapse or due to lapse this year, they've been extended. Our expectation, the data we're seeing is that China is improving, recovering from its portion of the pandemic. We hope that's sustained and the belief is by third parties, which we would subscribe to, that their demand will improve. And how much at this point though is again, just is too hard to call because we cannot speak to the strength of the consumer. We don’t understand what regulations are but in the end it's the consumer coming forward that'll make the difference. 
James Sheehan: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. The EBITDA derives from your all other segment tripled versus the same period last year. Can you speak to what drove that increase and how sustainable or not you think it may be as 2020 progresses? 
Scott Tozier: Hey Kevin, this is Scott. So, yeah, I think what we've seen in our business clearly a contract driven business and it all comes down to the timing of the shipments. And so throughout 2019, we saw sequential growth in that business quarter-to-quarter and our expectation coming into the year that we would see sequential declines in that business. So I'm starting with a higher first quarter decline into the back half. And that's basically the same expectation now. They did a little bit better on some earlier expected in Q1. Right now, Q3 are holding up and Q4 will be a little bit softer, but it really just comes down to the timing of their shipments and the contracts. 
Kevin McCarthy: Very good and then to follow-up I wanted to ask about logistics. I think you cited it as an issue in the bromine business and also cited some challenges related to logistics as it relates to hydro processing catalysts. Can you expand on what those challenges are and are you seeing any alleviation here today as relates to the second quarter forecast?
Kent Masters: Yeah, so the challenges really come down to the disruption of demand throughout the logistics change. So, when China was down in the first quarter, all of a sudden a big chunk of the containers, the shipping fleet, trucking fleet were basically in the wrong spot to be able to support things in the rest of the world. And as they move through the crisis, you start to see border closures, restrictions in terms of when ports are going to be operating, all those types of things start to impact this as well. Things are at least marginally better now are things we're finding ways to manage through that. So, for example, we only have one product in our FCS business that we have the airship and we have the airship that we normally airship it into Denmark. That flight has been canceled. So that cargo flight has being canceled. We now have -- now going to Belgium and trucking that over to Denmark from there. So we're finding and managing our way through it. But, the challenges are still there. So, I mean, I think the waves of demand change is going to continue to be challenging so the global fleet out there and they're going to have to continue to adjust. Our logistics team are doing a great job working with our business guys to make sure our customers stay supplied. So I'm really happy for the work they are putting in. 
Kevin McCarthy: Appreciate the color. And Luke all the best to you.
Luke Kissam: Hey, thanks Kevin. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar with Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Kendall Marthaler: Hey, good morning. This is Kendall Marthaler on for PJ. Just with the delayed impact of COVID from one agent to two agent, are there any thoughts on starting to reduce operating rates in the lithium segment now, to try and work through that supply outside of obviously the -- shutdown? And just could you give us an update on the inventory situation, I believe it was kind of thought that the lithium inventory should be worked through by year end to a early 2021, how do you see that progressing now? 
Scott Tozier: Eric, you want to talk a little bit about our shutdown plans and your business and our current view on inventory and the supply chain. 
Eric Norris: Yes, so we entered the year, as you know, with our capacity fully committed and under contract. 90% plus of our battery grade materials are under contract. And as we go through this year, we obviously have the uncertainty associated with what might happen in the second half. But our intent is to keep our plants running, to keep our customers supplied. We are seeing some indications that they -- from a few customers that they're going to want to reduce their forecast. Those will be commercial discussions we have with them. There are other opportunities we have to place that volume if we have to. But our intent is to and our hope is our customers want our contracts. So at the moment, we don't -- we're operating on a place to volume per plan mode. There is a playbook we have that in the event there is a worst case sort of recession coming there certainly is a playbook we have around what we need to do around how we run our plants. But we do not have any -- well beyond what we've already announced, have further intend to close any plants at this point in time until we see how the second half demand plays out. I think that was your first question.  Second question was inventory correct, Kendall? So inventory has been drawn down to some extent with the customers we serve. We know that because they've reduced their volumes in the first half as expected. The challenge we have is not knowing what's happening elsewhere. Of course, China had a very weak first quarter itself because of the pandemic. Now, automotive plants in Europe and the U.S. are closing, which, as I said earlier could have a third quarter impact. And there's been numerous supply disruptions amongst our competitors, some of which is related to COVID-19, some of which frankly, has been related to their own liquidity challenges. So when you put all that together, it's very hard for me to comment on what inventory looks like and how much it has been drawn down across the channel, across the total industry. So I'll just have to sort of let you know as we go through. Maybe next quarter or two, we'll get better clarity on that. But right now, it's quite muddy. 
Kendall Marthaler: Okay, thank you, very helpful. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Skowronski with UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Matthew Skowronski: Good morning. Following up on Jim's question, you cut CAPEX for this year and obviously these are very, very challenging times to predict. But as of right now, what's your base case for CAPEX for 2021 and 2022 given your slowing down projects and then kind of alongside that, what is the minimum amount of CAPEX you would be willing to go down to if these trends continue?
Scott Tozier: Hey, this is Scott. 
Kent Masters: Let me start, Scott and then you can look further out. So I mean we look at it in two different buckets. So we've got, well, sustaining capital, so capital on our plant but from a safety standpoint, from a maintenance perspective and then growth capital and the big projects. So we've cut back on the big projects to where we can without making a bigger move on those particular projects. I'm kind of more or less talking about La Negra and Kemerton at this point. So there's another leg that we can go down but from an execution standpoint, it makes that more difficult. And we don't really want to cross that but if things get difficult, we have that lever. Operationally we have -- for this year we've kind of narrowed it to the point where we can. There will be other know as we shut down, we'll be able to cut capital if we have to shut down lines. But we've kind of narrowed down to what we believe we have to do from a health and safety and from maintaining our assets perspective, plus a little bit of buffer. So we're not getting -- we're not to the bone but we're close on that for this year. And then as we look out, we would -- depending on what happens, we would go back to what the previous level of spin would be and increase a little bit in the sustaining part, some growth, but smaller growth projects with nice returns in the plants and then go back to the big projects what's necessary to execute those? 
Matthew Skowronski: That's helpful. Thank you. And then with regards to FCC sales, can you just remind us how those are split geographically and if you're seeing any regions start to pick up besides presumably Asia? And then thank you for everything Luke over the past couple of years, best wishes for the future. 
Luke Kissam: Hey, thanks a lot, Matt. 
Raphael Crawford: Hey, Matt this is Raphael. Let me give you a little perspective on FCC. So geographically, the strengths for our business are in North America. Europe's a smaller market for FCC, but we're relatively strong in Europe. And our largest market is in Asia and India. So that's where we have our pockets of strength and from a product standpoint, we're very strong in bottoms cracking and in propylene in yield. So as you look at the impact of the pandemic and where we see recovery, for the first time last week global -- the inventory of gasoline in the United States went down from a record high of about 263 million barrels of gasoline inventory two weeks ago. So I think we started to see an inflection in North America. As you see states open up, it's going to start to improve from a bottoming out in North America. Asia has been recovering, so China has been recovering. There's still mandatory shutdowns and a lot of mandatory stay at home orders and reduced travel in a lot of Southeast Asia. So that has an impact on our business as well as in Europe.  I would say that from a global perspective, I think we're near the bottom or at the bottom of the demand picture, and we should start to see a recovery from here on out. But there's a lot of uncertainty as to whether there is a second wave of outbreak of COVID, how fast it comes back. All that being said, I think we're positioned pretty well as an FCC business in the right markets with the right technologies for long-term success. 
Matthew Skowronski: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Mike Sison: Hey, good morning everyone. In 2019, there was an inventory build for lithium and I recall it somewhere in that 50,000 to 75,000 and then it tracked toward the end of the year. And you guys have tended to have a good feel for those levels. Do you think that eventually they will build back and then at the end of the day is the volume of lithium demand going to be down this year and by how much? 
Eric Norris: Mike hi, good morning, it's Eric here. So with regard to inventory, I don't have that much to add versus the earlier question. We did have if you include all forms of lithium somewhere between refined lithium, maybe three to four months, if you add in spot, you mean maybe six months of inventory as we were exiting last year. As you know, and as Scott discussed in our results, our customers and we expected this drew down from our purchases that they'd otherwise have in the beginning of the year, their inventories. And it was particularly in Europe, a reasonably strong first quarter despite the onset of the pandemic outside of China. So there has been in a small -- our part of the world, some inventory reduction. But what I can't account for is what's happened elsewhere.  China demand was not strong at all in the first quarter. It is the largest lithium market, however, producers to that market, many of our competitors weren't able to produce either. So the relative balance of the two and how that changed in a three month period, too hard to say, really too hard to say right now. So that's what I'd have to leave it at. Was there a second part to your question I missed? 
Mike Sison: Yeah, just a quick follow up. If you think about the long-term, kind of the 2025 forecast for EV adoption, how does that change do you think with oil prices being low and kind of the impact on automakers and their ability to ramp up those cars? And then Luke I just want to wish you the best, I hope you have a lot of fishes to catch over the next couple of days?
Luke Kissam: Well don't forget you owe me that dinner and the wine over that bet you lost about the football games, but thanks Mike.
Mike Sison: I will get down on that. 
Scott Tozier: So, on demand, I think it's like we said, we know that we're going to see a weaker second half, we don't know how weak Mike. So I really can't tell you how -- what is coming as demand is going to look like versus last year at this point in time. What I can tell you on EV specifically is that what we look at for EV adoption is not necessarily oil price. That's an older convention or rule of thumb that this does not seem relevant in a world where whole regions and countries are putting in regulations in place that are driving things towards electric vehicles. So that is -- that's what we look for and we see that sustained. We see that increasing in the case of China. There's a possibility those regulations are sustained or potentially increased under the Green Deal initiatives in Europe. We'll have to watch and see. But all that being said, as you said earlier, the reasons we think and we rely on third party research for this, that the EV curve has been shifted out perhaps by as much as a year or more is that consumer spending is going to be nicked significantly during this recession. We just don't know what that impact looks like. So we, like you are going to rely on experts who provide those forecasts and as we get more information, we'll provide more.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Colin Rusch with Oppenheimer. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much, guys. Can you talk a little bit about the technology roadmaps or your cathode customers and whether those are accelerating or changing at all, we know you've got some targets out there, but are they taking this downtime to look at accelerating some of those roadmaps? 
Kent Masters: I don't -- Colin, good morning. I don't think there's any material change to those roadmaps, so just at a high level what those are, is as chemistries moved to higher levels of nickel, NMC 62 or higher in the NMC chemistry area or NCA. And those are the preferred chemistries for energy density, therefore lower costs ultimately, and higher range for EV's. As all of these are electric vehicle manufacturers, particularly in Europe given the regulations I just referenced earlier that are driving this adoption roll out their plans, they're moving to those chemistries those are oriented towards hydroxide. There's some salt and pepper ingredients that are used on the anode side of things for proliferation and other things that are starting to develop as well, so some interesting technology developments. That's where we see the future. We're going to continue to see a core of chemistries used to support consumer electronics products, power tools, and lower range, lower value EV's which will be predominantly based in China. And those would be carbonate based chemistries, they can be lithium ion phosphate or NMC varietals that have lower levels of nickel and are therefore more economically produced with carbonate. And that's pretty much the story. It's been -- it hasn't changed a lot just given what's going on with the pandemic, most automotive and battery manufacturers are just dealing with the pandemic at the time being rather than accelerating their technology programs.
Colin Rusch: Alright, that's helpful. And then in terms of some of the health measures that you guys are implementing in your facilities, are there permanent changes to the cost structure on production and processing that you can speak to at this point? 
Kent Masters: I wouldn't -- I mean what we've done from a health standpoint, I don't think we'll change our long-term cost structure. So that will move back. There are things that we're learning and that that will inform some decisions as we go forward. But so far, we've done that in response to the pandemic and to continue to operate in a difficult environment. We've done fairly well with that. But we'll go back to the way we were operating as soon as that's possible. But, some of the things that we have learnt will probably apply that may affect that but we are not in that spot today.
Colin Rusch: Great, thanks so much guys. 
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's Q&A session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Meredith Bandy for any further remarks. 
Meredith Bandy: Alright, thanks everyone for your questions and your participation in today's conference call. As always we do appreciate your interest in Albemarle and that concludes our first quarter conference call. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants' lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Dave Ryan, Vice President Corporate Strategy, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Dave Ryan: Thank you and welcome to Albemarle's fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. We also have Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium who will participate in the Q&A portion of the call. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about our outlook, expected company performance, production volumes and commitments as well as Lithium demand may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release that same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP. A GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Now I will turn the call over to Luke.
Luke Kissam: Thanks, Dave. And good morning, everybody. On today's call, I will provide a recap of our 2019 strategic accomplishments and address the 2020 milestones that will be focused on to ensure we deliver on our vision. Scott will give you an update on the financials, our cost savings program and our full year 2020 guidance. Despite a challenging back half of 2019, we grew fourth quarter and full year revenues adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share year over year. That reflects our ability to address a dynamic market and to deliver solid results across our businesses. In addition, we achieved and adjusted EBITDA for the cooperation margin of 29%. 2019 was another strong step toward our long-term vision. As you can see, on slide six of our earnings presentation, we made significant process on a number of strategic milestones. Importantly, we made significant improvements in our safety program. Lithium reduced its injury rate by 50% from 2018. Catalyst achieved its lowest recordable injury rate in four years. And Bromine surpassed two years with no lost time injuries. Our OSHA injury rate in 2019 puts us in the top quartile of our peers. 2019 marked our 25th consecutive year of dividend increases. And we are now included in the select group of companies that comprise the S&P 500 dividend aristocrats index. We demonstrated our commitment to return cash to shareholders through increasing annualized dividend from $0.10 in 1994 to $1.47 in 2019. That's a 22% CAGR and we will continue that commitment well into the future. In 2019, we also conducted a materiality assessment to identify sustainability topics that support the execution of our strategy and ensure Albemarle maintains a strong financial position in a responsible manner for decades to come. As you can see from page eight of the investor presentation, we're focusing on four key areas; people, natural resources, community engagement and our sustainable business model. In 2020, you'll see us establish baselines and long term targets for improvement. We look forward to updating you on our progress. Consistent with our efforts to manage the portfolio and maintain a strong balance sheet. We announced last quarter our intent to divest the Fine Chemistry Services and Performance Catalyst Solutions businesses. The process for both businesses is going well. Our first priority for the use of proceeds from these transactions will be to reduce debt. Also last quarter, we announced a program to capture sustainable cost savings. This program is well underway, and we expect to deliver $50 million in savings this year and reach a run rate of over $1 million in annual savings by year end 2021. The new ERP system we implemented last year will enable this program with better real-time visibility into all of our operations. Scott will provide more detail about the program in his session. To support our Lithium growth plans. We continue to make progress on major capital expansion projects during 2019. We successfully commissioned our Xinyu II Lithium hydroxide unit in China, with the startup and operating teams exceeding their 2019 targets and reaching full nameplate operating rates in less than 12 months. We also increased our Lithium carbonate production in La Negra I and II by about 5%. The La Negra III and IV Lithium carbonate expansion in Chile is on schedule for commissioning by the first quarter of 2021. Finally, the Kemerton Lithium hydroxide unit in Western Australia is targeted for commissioning during the latter half of 2021. We also continue to develop our best-in-class Lithium resources. The Talison joint venture completed phase II of the Greenbushes expansion in the fourth quarter, bringing their annual capacity for chemical grades spodumene to approximately 160,000 metric tons on an LCE basis. Albemarle has rights to half of that production. In addition, Albemarle secured access to world class Wodgina spodumene mine through our MARBL joint venture. This joint venture has the resources and ultimately will have the conversion assets to annually produce 100,000 metric tons on an LCE basis of battery grade Lithium hydroxide. Keep in mind that we are currently using less than 25% of our available Lithium resources, which gives us the ability to respond quickly to support the Lithium demand growth for at least the next 10 to 15 years. Turning to our long-term Lithium contracts. Currently about 90% of our battery grade carbonate and hydroxide volume is under contract. To-date, we have reached agreement with all but one of our contracted customers on one-year price concessions for 2020, which results in a mid-teen percentage price reduction compared to 2019, with technical and battery grade carbonate seen higher reductions and hydroxide being generally lower. Otherwise, the basic structures of our long-term agreements remain unchanged. We will continue to manage these agreements to evolve with the individual needs of our customer. Each customer has unique value drivers that are critical to them. We remain committed to leveraging our world class resources and low-cost conversion processes to meet the growing demand and deliver a differentiated value proposition to each customer. As we outlined at our Investor Day in December, while we are slightly adapting some aspects of our execution, our strategy remains largely the same: Invest in growth and focus on cash generation in Lithium through smart investments, and our advantage resource position. Maximize the earnings in cash and Bromine and Catalyst through sustainable cost savings and investments in systems, people, processes and operational excellence. Assess our portfolio for opportunities to divest non-core businesses, and acquire or build Lithium conversion assets at a lower capital intensity. And take a thoughtful and disciplined approach to capital allocation while preserving financial flexibility.  By executing that strategy by 2024, Albemarle should generate revenue in the range $4.7 billion to $5.3 billion. A five-year CAGR versus 2019 results of 6% to 9%. Adjusted EBITDA of $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion. A CAGR growth of 8% to 12%, adjusted EBITDA margin between 32% and 36%. A 300 to 700 basis points improvement. And $1 billion of annual sustainable free cash flow. In December, we also outlined the mini inputs we use to build our Lithium demand forecasts. These inputs include historical and forecasted technology advancements, cost projections, OEM model announcements, and a number of other factors. We continue to see the advancements of these variables, which further reduce impediments to wide scale consumer adoption; namely range anxiety, infrastructure and cost parity. The global average range of new EV models launch is expected to exceed 200 miles, with some models exceeding 300. To support mobility there are now almost 1 million public EV charging connections globally, and the number will continue to expand, especially in Europe and China. And cost improvements through technology and scale are also accelerating. In their most recent surveys, Bloomberg New Energy Finance reported that the average cost for a Lithium ion BEV battery pack was in the range of $150 per kilowatt hour in 2019. The $100 per kilowatt hour milestone is now within reach in the 2022 to 2024 time period, well ahead of estimates just a year or two ago.  In fact upfront purchase parity predictions are also being pulled forward into the 2022 timeframe. All of these trends are consistent with the projections of our model, leaving us even more confident in our demand expectations. I remain very confident in the Lithium market demand we will see over the next three -- four to five years and in Albemarle's ability to seize that opportunity. Albemarle has the best Lithium resources in the world. Converting those resources into battery grade carbonate and hydroxide cost effectively will be absolutely critical to support that demand growth. Remember, there is no EV revolution without lithium.  With that I'll turn the call over to Scott to provide greater detail on fourth quarter performance and full year outlook. 
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Luke. And good morning everyone. Albemarle generated unadjusted US GAAP net income of $90 million during the fourth quarter, bringing full year 2019 net income to $533 million, compared to $694 million in 2018. Increased charges for the MARBL acquisition during 2019 were a factor. However, 2018 benefited from $170 million gain on the sale of the polyolefins and components business, creating a difficult comparison. Full year 2019 adjusted earnings were $6.04 per diluted share an increase of $0.63 or 12% over the prior year on a 2018 pro forma basis. Our businesses delivered about $0.58 per share of that growth. 2019 also benefited from a favorable tax rate and from our 2018 share repurchase program. The gains were partially offset by currency impacts, higher depreciation in Lithium and increased corporate expense. Net cash from operations was $719 million in 2019, an increase of just over 30% versus the prior year, driven by the strength of the businesses, a reduction in Lithium working capital and improved working capital across the rest of the company. Capital expenditures in total ended 2019 at $852 million after approximately $90 million in expenditures shifted into 2020 based on invoice timing. As Luke mentioned, all our major growth projects remain on track, and we will continue to update you on their progress throughout the year.  In November 2019, we closed the note offerings on the equivalent of about $1.6 billion which we used to pay the MARBL joint venture cash payment and restructured the short end of our maturity curve. As a result of the bond offerings, we are able to reduce our annual average interest costs by 70 basis points to 2.7% and get our investment grade ratings reaffirmed by all three agencies. We closed 2019 with a net debt to EBITDA right on track at 2.4. Now, let me move on to the business performance. During 2019, Bromine delivered sales of just over $1 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $328 million, a year on year growth of 9% and 14%, respectively. Full-year adjusted EBITDA margin was strong at 33%. Although there is continued weakness in the automotive sector, the other markets for flame retardants and Bromine derivatives remained healthy supporting year-over-year volume growth and elevated prices. Volume growth was supported by the tetrabrom expansion in Jordan that came online in mid-2018. Pricing continued to be buoyed by constrainted production of elemental Bromine by Chinese competitors. Full year Catalyst sales were $1.1 billion and adjusted EBITDA was $271 million, approximately flat compared to 2018 excluding divested businesses. Refining Catalyst provided mid-single digit percent adjusted EBITDA growth, excluding onetime insurance settlements that were received in 2018. Strong sales volumes in HPC and low single digit price increases in FCC helped to offset lower FCC volumes. During the fourth quarter, lithium volumes were up 27% compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. Average pricing was flat in the quarter, and customer mix hurt sales by about 5%. Increased tolling to meet customer commitments and the negative customer mix resulted in adjusted EBITDA margins of 34%. For the full year, Lithium generated net sales of $1.36 billion an increase of about 11%. Adjusted EBITDA was $525 million down by about 1% compared to 2018. And then full year adjusted EBITDA margin was 39%.  During 2019, we grew Lithium LCE volume by 14% versus the prior year. Our average prices remained flat under a backdrop of an overall industry prices being down 28% to 30% year-on-year demonstrating the strength of our customer relationships and contract structure.  As we mentioned at our Investor Day, the lithium market has been more volatile than we expected, so we're adjusting our approach. We have access to the world's lowest cost resources in both bromine and lithium, but to succeed in a volatile marketplace, we need to have low cost operations and business processes as well. As Luke mentioned earlier, our sustainable cost savings program is well underway. We have identified over 70 discrete projects, assigned project ownership and instituted a tracking dashboard. We've included $50 million of anticipated sustainable savings in our 2020 guidance. About 40% of the savings will come from selling and administrative costs. For example, we have identified savings of more than $10 million that we can achieve through the reduction of outside services. About 40% will also come from reduced factory spending and operational efficiency. For example, an operational excellence project at one of our production facilities is expected to generate $6 million to $7 million in savings this year. And the last 20% of savings will come from supply chain activities, like procurement and logistics. For example, one program will consolidate the number of freight forwarders that we use across the globe. We are confident in our ability to achieve this milestone in 2020 and reach our targeted run rate of $100 million by the end of 2021. And we'll provide periodic updates on our progress throughout the year. Execution of our capital projects continues to be a focus in 2020. Due to the timing of payments that pushed from 2019, capital spending in 2020 will be higher than previously anticipated.  You can expect total CapEx of between $1 billion and $1.1 billion with over 70% of that dedicated to Lithium growth. We are certain that our businesses will continue to perform at a level that generates the cash needed for this growth plan. Net cash from operations is expected to range between $700 million and $800 million in 2020, up modestly from 2019 due to lower working capital. Free cash flow is expected to remain about the same as 2019. Note that on page 18 of our earnings deck, we have provided some additional data points on our forecasts that may be helpful when you're doing your models. Now let me turn to our business unit outlook for 2020. I'm going to begin with the Coronavirus and the impacts from that. Our thoughts are with the families, who have been impacted by this virus. For Albemarle, we've had zero confirmed cases among our employees. We are diligently managing the situation to protect our employees and the local communities and are complying with all government and health agency recommendations and requirements. In addition to our Chinese lithium hydroxide conversion facilities in Xinyu and Chengdu, we occupy offices in several cities across China. Employees in these offices have been working from home and are expected to return next week on a limited basis. In Lithium, we continue to operate safely, but at a reduced capacity at our production sites, and in cooperation with the local government offices are determining the next steps to resume our normal operations. To date, we've experienced minimal order reductions from our customers and have been able to produce the quantities needed to fulfill orders. However, each business is experiencing logistics delays. The potential impact on deliveries to our customers and deliveries of raw materials to our facilities remains an area of concern. In Lithium, there's a risk that the automotive OEM slowdown in China will have ripple effects. For example, the potential of inventory building up at the battery manufacturers could impact us later in the year. And our lithium hydroxide conversion plant construction at Kemerton in Western Australia relies in part on equipment sourced from China. The start-up of the plant could experience delays given the uncertainty for Chinese equipment deliveries. To date, though project construction has been proceeding as expected. In Catalyst, our largest risk is lower FCC sales to customers who export fuel into China, to the degree that transportation within China continues to be restricted. And a secondary risk is that raw materials that we source from China, but we currently have sufficient inventory to cover our requirements well into the second quarter. In Bromine, the primary risk is related to logistics caused by shortage of drivers, and depends on the duration of restrictions on people movement to manage virus containment. Overall, we expect a weak first quarter in China. And depending on the continued length and severity of the outbreak, our operations could be further negatively impacted. 2020 will be a pivotal year for Lithium. EV growth in Europe is expected to accelerate driven by fleet wide CO2 reduction targets. Growth in China is still uncertain. We saw the market begin to stabilize at the end of 2019 and expect growth to return in 2020. However, the impact from the coronavirus adds a measure of uncertainty on how the year will play out. We anticipate the total lithium demand to increase by about 50,000 metric tons and inventories to begin to tighten as we go through the year. Our volume growth will be about 3% in 2020, and will be limited until we commission the La Negra III/IV lithium carbonate expansion in early 2021. As Luke mentioned, we have reached agreement with all but one of our contracted customers and are sold out on battery grade materials.  Although the prior inventory buildup and additional supply availability put pressure on pricing for 2020 versus our prices in 2019, we believe that market pricing has stabilized. Unfavorable pricing will be partially offset by lower costs as a result of reduced tolling volumes, higher operating rates, lower royalties in Chile, and the impact of our cost savings program.  Consequently, we expect a year-over-year decline in adjusted EBITDA of about 20%. For Bromine, we expect 2020 adjusted EBITDA performance to be flat to slightly down compared to 2019. Demand for flame retardants and other bromine derivatives is expected to remain stable. However, slightly increased supply across the industry could put price pressure on the business in the second half. We are operating in a sold-out position, meaning we have little to no headroom to make up any price degradation with volume growth. However, we will continue to optimize our sales into markets that provide us with the highest margins. We expect Catalyst adjusted EBITDA to be flat to slightly up year on year, with the second half somewhat stronger than the first. FCC Catalysts are expected to benefit from strong demand and an improved product mix. However, our FCC units are also operating at full capacity, limiting our ability to benefit from additional volume upside.  Clean Fuels Technologies or Hydro Processing Catalysts is expected to be slightly down based on our incumbency mix, and a lower year for distillates turnarounds and change outs. Since we'll be operating Bromine, Lithium and FCC Catalyst at sold out utilization rates, our operational excellence teams will be focused on reliability and productivity improvements to get the most we can from these assets. Driven by the pricing pressure in Lithium and Bromine, modest low single digit volume growth in all divisions and the high utilization of our manufacturing assets. We expect 2020 net sales to be $3.48 billion to $3.53 billion. Adjusted EBITDA should range between $880 million and $930 million, with an overall corporate adjusted EBITDA margin of around 26%. In total, this is expected to result in an adjusted diluted earnings per share between $4.80 and $5.10. With Lithium sales and Catalyst HPC shipments weighted to the second half, we currently expect the cadence of earnings to ramp up through the year. Due in part to the impact from the coronavirus on global logistics on each of our businesses and lower lithium volumes while our customers make inventory adjustments, the first half adjusted EBITDA is estimated to be 15% to 20% below the first half of 2019 and Q1 could be down as much as 20% to 25% year-over-year. In closing, the actions we've taken give us confidence that we are heading into '20 -- as we head into 2021, we will deliver sustainable savings, actively report on our sustainability goals and support notable volume growth in Lithium and be positioned to achieve positive free cash flow.  And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave. 
Dave Ryan: Operator, we are now ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before doing so I'd like to remind everyone to please limit questions to two per person to ensure that all participants have a chance to ask questions. Then feel free to get back into the queue for follow ups if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Bob Koort: Thanks very much. Luke, I wanted to ask about the contracting approach. I guess you characterized there is a onetime concession in 2020. Can you talk about maybe why you took that avenue as opposed to maybe just repricing every year? And then secondly, I think you talked about range, which would seem to suggest again a trend towards hydroxide but maybe there's been some more news about LFP and some other cathode types gaining some momentum. Can you just talk about how you see that developing over the next couple of years? Thanks. 
Luke Kissam: Yeah, I'll take the first one. And I'll turn it over to Eric to talk a little bit about the hydroxide versus carbonate. And I'm assuming you're talking about the LFP, I'm thinking about a long range plan here, the LFP that Tesla announced with [indiscernible]. So I think the idea on the contract is that there's a situation that is occurring today that we want to address. But we believe that that dynamic will change over the next three to four years. That means a long-term contract. So it doesn't make any sense for us to reset that contract for five or six years when we think we've got a short term disconnect here between supply and demand. So we thought it was in our best interest to address the concerns that the customers had today, yet keep the overall structure of those contracts where they are.  Now, that's not to say long term we might not see modifications of our plan of the contracts. But this is why you have a long-term contract. You set those prices. We've got a short-term issue. We address it short term. And then it goes back to the way the contract was and we have to renegotiate in 2021. We'll do the same thing again. So that's why Bob, we took that approach as opposed to just set -- it doesn't do us any good to set the price when the market's low. I mean, that doesn't make any sense at all. So we were trying to preserve the integrity of those agreements while adjusting to the marketplace for the short time for that short window that we see that there's an issue.  With that. I'll turn it over to Eric to talk a little bit about your question on the LFP. 
Eric Norris: So hey, Bob, it's Eric here. With regard to LFP or lithium iron phosphate and cathode. As you may know, the China market has used that as a workhorse for a variety of applications for some years now. And that supply chain is well developed in China. As you I think, also know we've talked about the development of high nickel chemistries, which would shift from carbonate which is used in iron phosphate predominantly to hydroxide for high nickel, that tends to be a range driven technology get high energy density to provide higher driving ranges. And that's a phenomenon that appears to be most prominent outside of China, with large established global automotive OEMs, and also Tesla. What Tesla's announced recently is the adoption it appears from the press releases of working with iron phosphate to provide a compromise of reduced range for a lower cost. That market we view being a China market today. We still believe in the US and in Europe, and for that matter, other developed countries like Japan that range is an important consideration for the adoption rates we're seeing. But the reason we've talked about the value we have as a player, both carbonate and hydroxide is that we can play in both opportunities. I think the Chinese subsidy changes or the reduction of subsidy changes as maybe strengthen the movement to LFP because it helps. It's not giving an incentive to move to higher range. And I think the characteristics of a Chinese consumer support, potentially a lower range, lower cost vehicle, and that's the market that I think Tesla sees. 
Luke Kissam: Yes, this is Luke. Just one other thing. If you go back and look to our Investor Day presentation we did in December, we were still talking about carbonate production doubling between now and 2025, going from about 195, to about 410# and hydroxide going from 70 to 525. So, we believe carbonate is going to continue to grow. We think there's going to be a higher growth in hydroxide, but we do have the flexibility to go either way. There seems to be some scraping on the phones, I'm not quite sure what that is, but operator can you check on that please? And we'll go to the next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from PJ Juvekar from Citi. Your line is open. Please check if your line is on mute.
PJ Juvekar: The one-year price concessions you talked about is mid-teens. What happens after that? We go back to the old price [technical difficulty] from current levels? Just in terms of timing these negotiations happened before the coronavirus hit or was it after coronavirus? 
Luke Kissam: So, it's a one-year amendment. So in 2021, it go back to the original agreements and if we have to negotiate from there in some instances we will. But you go back to the original agreement. The discussions took place before and during the coronavirus. 
PJ Juvekar: Right. And just one quick question on Bromine. You mentioned that, you're seeing some -- there could be some pricing impact in second half, because of increased supply. Can you just sort of elaborate on that? 
Luke Kissam: Yes, I'm going to let Netha handle that, please.
Netha Johnson: If you look at the import data of people who are importing bromine into China, you can see from the data very clearly that there's more supply going in to China than what we have last year. So, we expect that trend to continue and we'll see that supply increase into that market, which will put some pressure on pricing.
PJ Juvekar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Roberts from UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you and Luke, I know you have at least one more quarterly call coming but good luck with your treatments and thank you for your service. And could I ask, do you have any covenant issues if you don't get the divestments off? Okay.
Luke Kissam: Scott, now will be okay. We're monitoring that carefully, but given our outlook and given even lower risk or higher risk type of scenario with coronavirus, will be okay. 
John Roberts: Okay. And then there's been a lot of news recently about stationary storage. Are we reaching an inflection point where that could actually start to become material?
Eric Norris: John, this is Eric. So, I would reference the Investor Day presentation, when we talked about the demand that's there. It's still a small part of the demand picture. It's growing rapidly. That said, I see the same news you see about being continued push towards these sorts of installations. So, we're watching it closely. But we still don't view that as being quite the mover for our strategy and driving the capacity growth that we see and the volume contracts we have with our customers. It doesn't look -- it's still EVs that really drives that equation for us.
John Roberts: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Joel Jackson: Hi. Good morning. So for my two questions first one thank you for the update on how coronavirus may be impacting your business. When you set your guidance here for 2020, what did you assume were the impacts from coronavirus in the first half year, second half year? I understand all the uncertainties are especially around OEMs and auto sales in China. Thanks. 
Luke Kissam: Yeah. So I think Joel, that's the big point is that it is really difficult to know exactly how this is going to play out. Every day there's a new data point out there in terms of, is it getting worse, is it getting better? China's trying to get back to work and how long that's going to take. So it's difficult to know. I think as you look at our first half, there's certainly a component of coronavirus that's built into that. So particularly in the first quarter with the expectation of EBITDA overall being down between 20% and 25%, part of that's coronavirus, part of that's inventory adjustments happening within the Lithium business. So, as we get out further in the year, we'll just have to continue to adjust and keep you updated. 
Scott Tozier: But suffice it to say that what we're looking at coronavirus is it is a delay. It is causing the first half to be weaker. We were already talking about a weaker first half to begin with. It's making it weaker. But we're not projecting now for it to have an impact on the full year. 
Joel Jackson: Okay. So just my second question was first can be a follow up. So then it sounds like what you're saying is impacting first month of the year and it sounds like you're expecting then to all come back to in the second half of the year. And then my second question would be, inventory situation right now for feed stock and for the chemicals. How's it looking right now, both for Albemarle and for the industry? And what are you seeing in terms of closures or curtailments for some of the spodumene players, some of the conversion plants in China? Thanks. 
Luke Kissam: Well, you are talking specifically about Lithium or across our portfolio?
Joel Jackson: I'm talking about for both Albemarle and Lithium industry for both feedstock, spodumene also for the technical things. 
Luke Kissam: So to date we have not seen an input on the raw materials for us. We've been able to secure the raw materials that we need to run in the first quarter. As we referenced on our calls, we've had lower run rates in China than we had anticipated for our Lithium. But it hadn't been an issue to date of getting raw materials in our other businesses. We have seen some in -- if you listen to the calls and I know you have, you seen a number of chemical industries, companies talking about the ability to get raw materials. But we're pretty well okay for that from a raw material standpoint right now. We don't see that as an issue from where we are in the timeframes they're talking about on the coronavirus. I do think one of the issues that we don't know about is, as -- if you look at the automotive OEM, some of them are not running today, but some of the batteries are running today, both inside and outside of China. So what remains to be seen is for the full year are the automotive OEMs going to run fast enough to soak up the inventory levels in that Lithium that we would expect over the year or is there going to be a ripple effect later in the year which would put our full year kind of some downward pressure on that. We've got contracted volumes, so we don't expect it to be a significant risk. But that's one of the things that we're going to really keep our eyes on is what is a real impact, not only on our products but on our supply chains, and particularly in Bromine and in Lithium as these end product OEMs either ramp up or ramp down during the course of the year. That's the biggest unknown issue that we'll face. And we're not -- we don't sell to the -- we're not a tier one supplier. We're further back in the chain. So that causes a ripple effect to be even more. 
Joel Jackson: What do you think of the inventories for spodumene carbon and hydroxide right now in the industry? Thanks.
Eric Norris: Hey, Joel its Eric. Overall, we would say that we're about six month's inventory across the supply chain. And so as you look at that, it's probably closer to four months for refined lithium. And the additional couple months is excess spodumene. The excess spodumene that's in inventory now, a great deal of it is not economic at current prices. Meaning it's not at 6%. It's not of the grade to be able to cost effectively be converted at current spot prices. So, it's -- that is what we'll watch very carefully this year, right? We expect demand growth of 50,000 tons, so, it's going to be an overhang for the year. Supply growth as you referenced in your question has already been curtailed. We see very little supply growth year over year. It's going to be stocks and the drawdown of those stocks would be important to the stabilization. And we'll look for that over the next 12 months and give you updates as to what that we think that means for pricing later in the year as we approach 2021. 
Joel Jackson: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Luke, you mentioned that one customer had not agreed to the, I guess, down 15% in Lithium. How large is that customer and what's the expectation for those negotiations? 
Luke Kissam: So Dave, you know the answer to that question. I'm not going to get into a conversation about a specific customer. Our expectation obviously is we're going to meet and find a resolution that meets that customer needs and meets our expectations. And if not our position is we've got a validly enforceable contract. 
David Begleiter : Understood. And on the non-tech, non-battery grade, technical grade lithium, what's your expectations for pricing in 2020 versus 2019? 
Luke Kissam: For technical grade lithium? 
David Begleiter: Correct.
Luke Kissam: Yes. So, if you look at both carbonate and as I said on the call the technical grade carbonate will be down more than that mid-teens average that we talked about, as I said in our prepared remarks. It is down more than that. 
David Begleiter : I actually meant the non-battery grade lithium? 
Luke Kissam: Oh, my apologies. I'll turn it over to Eric.
Eric Norris: Yes. I think Luke said it, but let me summarize it. So, as Luke said, on the battery grade side, carbonate is probably down a little more than hydroxide. And on the technical grade side, all technical grade products are down bit more than battery. And so in Specialties mixed, very mixed. It's not as price sensitive an area although there are the input lithium -- there is input lithium materials in that business and it does have a mild effect on price. That would be the least affected. 
David Begleiter : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Sheehan from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is open. 
Jim Sheehan: Thank you. In Catalyst, your outlook for flattish earnings in 2020. Can you describe what impact IMO 2020 regulation is having? And what is the underlying growth you're seeing in that business, excluding the IMO 2020 and also, what is your outlook for FCC pricing in 2020?
Raphael Crawford: Hey, Jim. This is Raphael. So to give you a view I mean as Scott and Luke have indicated, we're expecting a fairly strong year on FCC Catalyst, and a slightly weaker year on HPC Catalyst. The reason for that, as explained in Investor Day is that HPC Catalyst is about change outs, and the change outs happened to be smaller in 2020 for distillates than they were in 2019. And that's an area of strength for our business. Overall, the industry will see IMO 2020 as a tailwind. For our business of higher diesel production to blend to be able to meet the sulfur specs is favorable. It might not be as favorable as it is for others because our business is weighted more towards distillate than it is towards resid. And resid is the areas that will benefit the most from IMO 2020. Again, it will be positive perhaps not as positive it could be for others. But we have a very strong business in distillates and in specialty Catalysts for hydro processing and the trends in the industry are favorable overall for the long term in that business. As you -- it's a little bit too early on FCC pricing. We did have positive pricing in 2019. It's too early to say in 2020. Crack spreads are a little narrower than they have been. So that that could have an impact. But our business is about value creation for our customers. We continue to do that and where we can get value pricing for that value creation we will. 
Jim Sheehan: Thank you. And under $50 million in cost savings for 2020. Could you just discuss how the savings will be realized by segment? 
Scott Tozier: Yes, Jim, this is Scott. So as you look at this kind of a split out, roughly you're going to get about two thirds of that savings in Lithium business; about 10% in Catalyst and Bromine; and the remainder is going to be in the corporate functions is how it will play out in 2020.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thank you very much. You said that you thought that global lithium demand would grow about 50,000 tons in 2020. How fast do you think it grew in 2019? And wouldn't 50,000 tons imply about a million incremental electric vehicles for 2020 or how big is the component tied to electric vehicles? And how do you calculate it?
Eric Norris: Hey, Jeff. This is Eric. Yes, the growth of 50,000 tons was a similar growth rate last year. The issue last year was we had a lot of excess supply and a lot of excess inventory. So a lot of our customers didn't buy. They didn't actually buy a lot of -- a lot of people in the market didn't buy that volume. They actually drew down their inventories instead. But their real consumption was in that same order of magnitude.  For us looking forward then yeah it does imply a growth and a significant growth in electric vehicles. Our view on 2019 was that it was -- production was about 2.6 million electric vehicles. And we're looking for that number to be close to -- go up to 3.5 million to 4 million. So it's over a million electric vehicles in growth. Most of that's going to be driven out of the European producers, automotive producers.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. And then in your financials, your equity income in the Lithium business drops sequentially from maybe roughly $30 million to $15 million. What's going on in Talison such that the equity income is dropping so sharply? And how do you see that for 2020?
Luke Kissam: Yeah, Jeff. I think you're referring to the fourth quarter. And the equity income for Talison and in the Lithium business is largely driven by the volume that's been taken by both Tianqi or Albemarle out of that that joint venture. And so we did see reduced shipments primarily going to Tianqi in the fourth quarter. Expecting that will be roughly flat as we go into -- roughly flat to slightly down as we go into 2020 overall.
Jeff Zekauskas: So that’s flat to down from the fourth quarter or year-over-year versus the previous year?
Luke Kissam : Year-over-year. 
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, good. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Harrison from Seaport Global Securities. Your line is open.
Mike Harrison: Hi, good morning. Moving on Slide 7 the Assess box there. Can you give us an update on the opportunities that you're seeing to acquire Lithium conversion assets, as opposed to building additional conversion capacity? Maybe how you're thinking about that buy versus build strategy today versus how you might have been looking at it a few quarters ago?
Luke Kissam : Yeah, it's the matter of pricing. I think the reduced price that we've seen of carbonate in the marketplace and the inability to get some of the spodumene rock as the raw material supply has brought some prices down to a level that it appears to us you could have a lower capital base. And if you build your own then you would be in the market a lot sooner. So for us, it all comes down to is there a price at which when you look at our all in cost of acquiring, modifying where necessary to meet HSE standpoints and converting from either carbonate hydroxide or what have you? What's that return on capital? How we lay that out versus what's the return on capital and timing for building? It's a mathematical equation for us. And you got to negotiate it and be able to close it as well. So that that's how we're looking at it. And there are opportunities out there because of our tolling relationships we're familiar with many. So we are in active evaluations.
Mike Harrison: All right. And then in terms of Lithium customer mix, you mentioned that that was a negative in the fourth quarter. Can you talk about how that plays out during 2020. Is that something -- is mixed something that maybe improves as we get later in the year? Maybe we get some additional hydroxides demand growth.
Eric Norris: Well, hey, Michael, it's Eric, I would say it's, we have -- 2019 had a lot of moving parts to it. In 2020 we're going to have an equal amount of growth in production out of La Negra and out of Xinyu for hydroxide. And at the same time, a big reduction in toll volumes we sell into the marketplace. As Luke said, Scott said, we contract out 9% of our business. We endeavor each year to try to keep the mix fairly constant. We don't have swings from period-to-period. The simple fact of the matter is, is that we tend to produce a lot more carbonate at the end of the year than beginning. So there's sometimes some product mix factors. And some customer mix factors. I don't know if it will probably be similar throughout the year. But again, we try to manage it, so it doesn't cause these swings as best we can. But I think it'll be fairly similar.
Mike Harrison: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Colin Rusch from Oppenheimer. Your line is open. 
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much, guys. Can you talk about what's going on with your customers in terms of potential consolidation and how you think about that, not just in 2020, but as you move into 2021, 2022, with some of the production schedules that you're getting from the OEMs? 
Luke Kissam: If you're looking at, you're talking I'm assuming about Lithium and the battery producers. What we said is that we've seen the decisions moving from the cathode producers to the battery producers and then some instance all the way to the OEM. So we've seen that as those big battery producers making the purchasing decisions and the volume decisions. And then allocating some of that volume from in-house production and then some of it to be directed towards certain of the cathode producer. So we are seeing that, that will in effect consolidate the decision makers about these purchasing decisions and who you’re contracting with down to a lower number. I think long term as you look across the spectrum, you're going to see a consolidation even further of battery producers. You're going to have -- the Koreans and Chinese and the Japanese are going to consolidate into the bigger producers. That's the typical of what you seen in other industries and I do not think this is going to be any different.
Colin Rusch : Okay. And then, we're seeing OEMs with various challenges in terms of getting into production and ramping up production on EVs it's a different manufacturing process. Can you talk a little bit about the CapEx plans in your ability to modulate the spend this year and early next year as you see those schedules adjust, because obviously there's a fair amount of variability there?
Luke Kissam : Yes. So I think on carbonate, if you look at carbonate, we've got La Negra III and IV. That's going to come online by the first quarter of 2021 and will be commissioned. Most of that spending is already done. So it's kind of hard to do anything there on La Negra. I'm sorry on further at La Negra, we have the ability, we have the plans where if necessary, we could expand that. But it would be kind of the 2 to 3-year process at La Negra for a carbonate plant. If you are looking at hydroxide, from a Kemerton standpoint. We believe, we're on track for the second half of 2021. For start-up, it will be difficult to rattle that back much, because of the cost we've got in there. And anything else we build is going to be a lower capital intensity. So that's why we're looking a build versus buy in an area like China. You can probably get it done in China from start to finish in about 2 years. We have teams in our engineering working right now on taking the plans and the designs that we have and building a lower capital intensity and a lower operating costs, looking at what our opportunities are there.  So the next asset that we build from a hydroxide conversion standpoint. We will build more efficiently, more cost effectively and operate it with lower cost than the ones we have today. We got to continually drive that down. In addition to that, I know there you can take -- as you know you take carbonate and convert it to lithium hydroxide. We also have teams looking at what is the most cost-effective way. If the market goes that way, what is the most cost-effective way? Would we build that in close to our carbonate facilities? Will we convert that -- convert the carbonate somewhere else? What is the best way to do that? And the idea of modularizing that is a concept that we're looking at. But we need to be prepared to pull the trigger on that if and when the market calls for that. Again, that would take you probably, if you're building it in China is probably 50% of the capital and probably a year of the timing to get it built, to get it permitted and get it up and running. 
Colin Rusch : Excellent. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. And I would now like to turn the call back over to Dave Ryan for any closing remarks.
Dave Ryan: Just like to thank everybody for their participation today and for your questions. And as always, we appreciate your interest. This concludes Albemarle's fourth quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Third Quarter 2019 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Dave Ryan, Vice President Corporate Strategy, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
David Ryan: Thank you and welcome to Albemarle's third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissan, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about our outlook, expected company performance, production volumes and commitments as well as lithium demand may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release, that same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP. A GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Now I will turn the call over to Luke.
Luke Kissam: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody. On today's call, I'm going to provide a quick recap on quarterly performance, but want to spend the bulk of my time on the long-term position we're taking and how the recent strategic decisions we've made support that view. Scott will provide more detail into our third quarter and full-year performance. Excluding currency impacts, third quarter revenue grew by 14%, adjusted EBITDA by 12% and adjusted diluted earnings per share by 22% year-over-year, excluding currency impact, each of our GBU delivered year-on-year EBITDA growth. Increased volume across all of our businesses and favorable year-over-year pricing in Lithium and Bromine contributed to that growth. With that, let me take a step back and set the stage for where we are today. As you know the lithium market is dynamic. It offers a very strong future growth opportunity and the long-term secular growth trends remain fully intact. However, we are - and we will be dealing with the challenging market conditions for the next 12 months to 18 months. Since late July, we have announced several significant strategic actions to successfully position our business for the long term. Last quarter we announced the decision to defer work on a price only 125,000 metric tons of conversion capacity, freeing up about $1.5 billion of our $5 billion five-year capital investment plan. This will enable us to generate free cash in 2021 and is the right path to take, based on current supply-demand dynamics and provides us with the financial flexibility to take advantage of any opportunities we see. Importantly, this decision does not affect current customer commitments. We are in the position to deliver on all committed contracts and we have the ability to add capacity if current market dynamics improve. As you know we have access to geographically diverse high quality, low cost lithium resources and the financial flexibility to build or buy conversion capacity in the future, if doing so creates value for our stakeholders. As we will discuss in detail at our upcoming Investor Day in December, battery technology continues to advance. We expect carbonate demand to continue to grow, but expect hydroxide demand to be much stronger. To that end, we're focused on remaining, an agnostic Lithium producer, whether our customers want carbonate or hydroxide or other lithium products, we have access to the world's best bromine and hard rock and the industry leading conversion expertise to deliver on their needs, and we remain committed to investing, to maintain our competitive composition and deliver a truly differentiated customer value proposition. When we shared our strategy in 2017, we told investors that we would take advantage of opportunities that accelerate and strengthen our long-term growth strategy. To that end, we announced last week, the completion of our joint venture agreement with Mineral Resources. Well, we have a majority interest in a 60%, 40% ownership structure. All in, our investment of $1.3 billion consist of a cash payment of $820 million to MRL for 60% of the Wodgina mine in contribution of a 40% interest in our 50,000 metric ton hydroxide facility currently under construction in Kemerton, Western Australia. We believe our investment in this new joint venture named MARBL Lithium will produce substantial long-term value. The JV provides access to a high quality hard rock source, further diversifying our global Lithium resource base and strengthens our position in the long-term by giving us the ability to increase capacity, to support future market demand, with the combined operating expertise of Albemarle and MRL, the top tier Wodgina mine, and our market knowledge we are well positioned to benefit from a rapidly growing market, which is increasingly emphasizing hydroxide. The joint venture supports our long-term view, but in the short term, we made the decision to idle production of the Wodgina mine until market conditions support production economics. The returns for this project will still be very attractive. We anticipate that when the JV is producing lithium hydroxide at a rate of 100,000 met tons annually, the return on invested capital will be a healthy 17% to 19% or roughly two times our cost of capital. Staying with Lithium, I want to address pricing and contracts. As we commented in our preliminary earnings announcement, current market conditions are challenging and we're experiencing pricing pressures in China and on our technical grade products. Today, our pricing strategy under our long-term battery grade contracts have hailed. As you can see on pages 10 and 11 of our earnings presentation, Albemarle's third quarter Lithium pricing was up slightly year-over-year despite a significant year-over-year decline in market conditions. Recently reported China carbonate prices appear to have stabilized in the range of $7 a kilo. We expect that this price level is at or near the marginal cost of production and do not expect China carbonate prices to drop further in any material way. However, China carbonate at $7 a kilo puts pressure on pricing across the global lithium portfolio, including the fixed and variable pieces under our long-term agreements. We know that our long-term agreements are of great interest, concern and focus. So let me broadly address the matter here. As we have been in the past, we are in active discussions with customers on our agreements, those discussions involve price, volume, allocations between carbon and hydroxide, length of the contract and the value that Albemarle offers for quality, security of supply, flexibility between carbonate and hydroxide sheer volume of product needed and the ability to meet the customers' growth expectations. It is obviously not in our best commercial interests to discuss contract negotiations publicly. So we are not going to do it. These are active discussions with many moving pieces. As the dust settles on these negotiations, we'll give you a better look at what this means for our annual outlook, rest assured that we understand the value we bring to the supply chain and we intend to capture our fair share in these discussions. Now let me switch gears and talk a little bit about 2020. As a part of our strategy, we continue to assess our business portfolio. We have received multiple inquiries about our Fine Chemistry Services and Performance Catalyst Solutions businesses. So, we have initiated two processes to pursue these opportunities. They are both profitable businesses with strong operating teams. So if we can come to agreement on a valuation that we feel is appropriate, we will pursue a divestiture, if we are not able to secure valuation that we believe to be appropriate or in the best interest of our stakeholders, we will continue to operate these businesses. We would expect both of these transactions to be 2020 events. In terms of how we see our portfolio performing in 2020 versus 2019, our preliminary view today is that we expect Catalysts, Bromine and Fine Chemistry Services to be essentially flat. There are some gives and takes in each, but right now, assuming no overall economic slowdown, these businesses should net to approximately flat. Lithium will be lower year-over-year due to pricing pressure across the portfolio and are not having new conversion capacity to drive any significant volume growth. We have initiated a structured program across the company to capture sustainable cost savings and expect this program to deliver over $100 million in sustainable cost savings over the next two years. Taking all this into account, our preliminary view is that our full year 2020 EBITDA performance could be lower than full year 2019 results by around 10%. In closing we are taking swift actions to navigate the market challenges that we see in 2020 and emerge even stronger to capture the long-term growth opportunity in a profitable manner. We will continue to build on our strength in manufacturing excellence in Bromine and Catalysts and we will transform processes for lithium, similar to our other businesses to ensure best-in-class operations. We can - we will continue to be conscientious in our asset management and capital plan and seek to be nimble in response to changing and dynamic market conditions. With that I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Luke, and good morning everyone. For the third quarter, we reported net income of $155 million or $1.46 per diluted share. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.53, an increase of about $0.22 per share compared to third quarter 2018 or 17% growth. Our businesses delivered about $0.23 per share of growth with double-digit earnings growth in both Bromine and lithium and high single-digit growth in catalysts. Our lower effective tax rate contributed about $0.06 and a lower share count as a result of our 2018 share repurchase program contributed about $0.03, those gains were partially offset by $0.04 of higher depreciation and unfavorable foreign exchange, which was a 7% headwind compared to third quarter 2018. Regarding our business, performance Lithium reported third quarter net sales of $330 million and adjusted EBITDA of $127 million. Excluding the unfavorable impact of currency, lithium sales were up 23% and adjusted EBITDA was up 9% year-over-year. This growth was due to increased volume and favorable pricing, despite the impacts we communicated in our earnings pre-release. And as a reminder, these included, first a volume shortfall, which impacted the third quarter by about $15 million in EBITDA. This was primarily due to Typhoon Tapah, which caused lithium shipments from ports in Shanghai to be delayed into October, and we expect this to be fully recovered in the fourth quarter. Second, the use of tollers to meet customer commitments and address operating issues in Chile. This resulted in an EBITDA reduction of around $10 million. The technical team in Chile has focused on reliability improvements, which have enabled operating rates to now reach full capacity, given customer commitments, tolling is expected to continue into the fourth quarter. Third impacts also included a $7 million out of period adjustment regarding lithium carbonate inventory values that was identified and corrected during the third quarter close process. And finally, an overall 1% increase in lithium pricing versus prior year. However, continuing price pressure on lithium sales in China unfavorably impacted EBITDA by about $5 million versus our expectations. Finally, adjusted EBITDA margin was 39% and it would have been 40% if we excluded the $7 million out of period adjustments. Bromine reported third quarter net sales of $256 million and adjusted EBITDA of $89 million, up 11% and 14% year-over-year excluding unfavorable currency impacts. Adjusted EBITDA margins were strong at 35%, up nearly 90 basis points benefiting from 7% higher pricing, a favorable product mix and high plant utilizations, price and volume were favorable across geographies and most of our products. So, we continue to see weakness in the automotive and construction sectors, flame retardant demand for electronics and drilling fluids in the oilfield market remains strong. Catalysts, third quarter net sales were $261 million and adjusted EBITDA was $67 million, up 5% and 8% respectively compared to the third quarter of 2018, excluding unfavorable currency impacts. And adjusted EBITDA margins were 26%. Favorable pricing in Fluid Catalytic Cracking or FCC catalysts was offset by lower volumes due to the delays in the startup of two customers new FCC units. We currently expect both of these units to be in operation in 2020. Clean-fuel technology or hydroprocessing catalysts benefited from higher sales volumes and a favorable product mix. On the innovation front, on October 31, Exxon Mobile and our Albemarle together launched a transformative hydroprocessing suite of Catalysts and service solutions for the refining industry called the Galexia platform. The new platform helps refiners realize the full potential of specialty Catalysts and enhance client performance by analyzing and identifying operational opportunities that extract greater value. Corporate costs in the third quarter were $39 million, an increase of $16 million over the same period in 2018, primarily driven by unfavorable currency losses of approximately $11 million. Our cash from operations was approximately $346 million for the nine months ended at the end of September and a decrease of $31 million versus the same period in 2018, primarily due to the timing of payables and the collection of certain receivables. Capital expenditures through September, were $608 million. Expenditures for the La Negra lithium carbonate expansion and the Kemerton lithium hydroxide project remain on track and we now expect full year 2019 CapEx to range between $900 million and $950 million. At the end of the quarter, our net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 1.6 times with the close of the MRL deal, we estimate our gross debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio to move from 1.9 times to around 2.8 times and net debt to EBITDA to be around 2.6 times. We have funded our payments associated with the new joint venture by borrowing approximately $1 billion under an unsecured credit facility. We expect that this borrowing along with other corporate funding activity may ultimately be converted to long-term debt given attractive economics. As communicated in our pre-release on October 24, we expect 2019 pro forma net sales to be $3.6 billion to $3.7 billion, reflecting 7% to 10% growth. Adjusted EBITDA to be $1.02 billion to $1.06 billion equating to 2% to 6% growth and adjusted EPS of $6 to $6.20 or 10% to 14% growth. Drilling down into the businesses, we expect that bromine will continue its strong performance and deliver adjusted EBITDA growth in the low double-digit percent for the full year. The Catalyst business has improved since our second-quarter outlook and we now expected to be down low-single digits on a percentage basis, excluding divested businesses. And finally Lithium is expected to grow EBITDA in the low to mid-single digit percent range and deliver full-year adjusted EBITDA margins of around 40%. You've likely seen reports of civil unrest in Chile and are wondering how this is affecting our operations. And first, I'm happy to report that all of our employees are safe. At this time, our plants are operational and shipments are moving on schedule. We have lost approximately 500 metric tons of production since the unrest started, but it will not materially impact our financial results. We will continue to monitor this fluid situation very closely. Based on our current geographic sales, production mix year-to-date in our expectations for the rest of 2019. We currently expect our full year effective tax rate to be about 18%, excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items. This rate is in part a reflection of strong operating performance at our bromine plants. To close, we will be prudent in these challenging times, act on cost reduction measures to align our cost structure and maintain our leadership position to deliver value to our stakeholders. We look forward to sharing more details with you at our Investor Day on December 12 in New York City. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave.
David Ryan: Operator, we are now ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before doing so I would like to remind everyone that please limit questions to two per person to ensure that all participants have a chance to ask questions. Then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Dylan Campbell: Good morning. This is Dylan Campbell on for Bob. And when we look at kind of the 10% decline that you're looking at for 2020. Give us a sense of just kind of what moving pieces are embedded in that guidance in terms of the rollover in terms of lithium volume growth, and then, I guess, the growth for the Catalysts and Bromine businesses.
Luke Kissam: Yes, so, this is Luke. Let me try that at a high level, if you look at page 11 on our, on the earnings presentation, you can see that year-over-year lithium prices is down about 30% and Albemarle has been flat to up slightly on our year-over-year comparisons each quarter on lithium pricing. And so the big mover that we're seeing on the down for the profitability from '19 to '20 all comes down to lithium pricing and how much of that we can offset with cost reductions. On catalysts, when we look next year, we'll have probably higher volume in FCC catalysts and it depends on HPC, how those bills - how they time out that we get some in its second half of next year, they roll into 2021. So again Catalysts or be there is some moving bits and pieces there but FCC would probably be stronger from a volume and price standpoint and HPC, probably a little bit weaker, but we're working hard to get some of those additional loads in 2020. And then on bromine, we don't have any additional volume, I mean we're running flat out right now and allocating every bromine molecule we have. So it all comes down to what do we see from an overall economic condition. What happens in the electronics, what do we see from automotive, we see a little pickup and this pricing hold. And then that's offset by cost actions. So those are the big moving pieces is preliminary right now, we will obviously have more information as we finish this quarter and head into - head into next year. So we'll update that on our - at our year-end earnings call.
Dylan Campbell: Okay, thank you. That's helpful. And then considering the situation, I guess if, assuming that the market tightens once again, how do you preserve, I guess, some type of upside, considering the fact that, and the majority of your volumes are going through your contracting structure?
Luke Kissam: Well, under those contracting structures, we have the ability to raise price on - a certain percentage of that volumes just like we have in the past. So we would, if the conditions tightened, we'll certainly be looking at pricing actions that we can take to raise those prices.
Dylan Campbell: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Matt DeYoe: So, this is Matt DeYoe on for Steve. I want to talk a little bit about the potential fallout to you in the industry from the EU proposal to ban certain flame retardants and consumer electronics and display applications, kind of broadly what percent of demand goes into that market? Do you - if you think consumer electronics companies, can they adopt to new standard more globally?
Luke Kissam: Yes, I will let Netha start and then I'll to go into the specific and then I'll tell you at a high level where we are.
Netha Johnson: Yes, we've looked and looked at that and we expect it to have minimal impact on our business going forward starting when it goes into effect in 2021, customers will make some alternate substitutions there but we've looked at that and we think we have our alternative past there to replace that business.
David Ryan: So at a high level, we've been dealing with the, if you look at Tosca in the US, if you look at some of the European Regulations globally. All of these flame retirements have been under review for, since I joined Albemarle in 2003 and we've done - we've done a really good job of moving away from some of the products that we're smaller so we getting a larger molecule, so it's harder formed bio-cumulate if at all. And we are constantly evolving our technology to be able to meet the needs that the customers have. So what you see in Europe, it's a small piece today, we believe it's controlled in that sense, and we continue to innovate to bring products to the market to meet what's really needed and is a serious issue related to flame retardants. And so I think that it's - it won't have an effect in 2020, maybe a small effect if anything around the edges and long-term will continue to innovate to provide the really needed flame retardants, that our customers need.
Matt DeYoe: All right, thank you. And then if I can touch on the contract. So I think past discussions stipulated that the contract terms could be in renegotiated if customers could find [ph] like product and - like both like quality and like quantity. As you're seeing demand slowdown for EVs and the market kind of softened here. Is what's happening more proliferation of technology and such that different producers can now hit the specs? Or are you just seeing more supply to a market from the same four or five incumbent tech savvy producers?
David Ryan: Well, I think all those four, five takes savvy producers you're talking about have sufficient volume. It's - what you're seeing is there is an oversupply in the market today and then I talked about it, carbonates sell in the China right now at $7 a kilo that's probably below some of the cash conversion costs for some of those China converters. So I would - you should not have the impression that there is any technological advance by some of the marginal producers is not, it is where it's been. The specs are getting tighter and ultimately long term, it's going to be for those EV battery grade - you're going to see those big four or five able to meet those specs on a consistent regular basis with the volume. There is other volume out there that is not the EV spec and that's where you're seeing in the technical grade and some other lower specs for other uses, you're seeing those lower producers, lower technology producers being able to come in at a price that they're comfortable with.
Matt DeYoe: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson: Good morning. If I - if I take a $100 million EBITDA guide down in lithium, it looks like you're guiding down to average price decline next year of 15% to 20%. Can you maybe give a little more color, how do we break down the price declines between your contracted and your non-contract base? So this is a very, very massive 30% drop, your non-contracted base and a small decline in your contract base or is it going to be similar. Do you think, across both contracted and non-contracted? Thanks.
Luke Kissam: Yes, so as I said, I'm not going to get into discussions about specific contract because we're in the middle of negotiation and that then do us any good. So, I hope you'll understand that. So let me back up and just say at a high level, there is pricing pressure across the portfolio. The most pressure is coming in carbonate, particularly in technical grade and in China, but that is having a ripple effect across the portfolio. So you're going to see it as you said, different levels of price movement, according to different products and according to that end market, but that's about it - that's about as much as I am comfortable going into, given the fact that we're in the middle of discussions.
Joel Jackson: Appreciate that. Second question on Kemerton. So it looks if - it looks like you have almost enough spodumene at Greenbushes to support the Kemerton in the next wave - for hydroxide in 2021 and beyond there, maybe not quite enough to get the 50,000 tons, I mean 45,000. Does that mean you look for operational improvements at Greenbushes, will you source external carbonate, it doesn't seem like it makes sense to restart Wodgina, that run at very low rates just supply the extra marginal spodumene there.
Luke Kissam: Yes, so I can't see us buying carbonate from other parties to do anything. We'll have sufficient carbonate supply to do whatever we need to do from a - from a spodumene standpoint because of our geographic diversity that we have around the globe, what we'll do is we'll source spodumene from the source that gives us the highest net back to Albemarle and our stakeholders. So we are all in - we'll see where the market shakes out and where we are at that point in time, but you are right that we have flexibility for sourcing that not other producers have.
Joel Jackson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Roberts from UBS. Your line is open.
Matt Skowronski: Hi, this is Matt Skowronski on for John. In your pre-announcement, you mentioned lower prices in China were $5 million hit the EBITDA in the third quarter, where prices move from 3Q average level and if this remain - if prices remained at this level throughout 2020, what would the impact be?
Luke Kissam: Ask that question one more time please. I'm not sure I'm following you.
Matt Skowronski: So you mentioned that Chinese prices were a $5 million hit to EBITDA lower pricing, where prices moved from that level. So are they lower or they higher than 3Q '19? And then...
Luke Kissam: Yes, if you look at page 11, you will see that most of that over in a lot of the price decline that we've seen year-over-year, it accelerated in the third quarter. So you see - you saw an acceleration of price decline overall for the market for lithium products in the third quarter. If they were down 30% and some of those it was 15% of that down was about half of it was - you saw in the third quarter year-over-year. So prices have continued to decelerate going into the fourth quarter. Eric, do you want to talk about some details?
Eric Norris: I would just offer that in looking at price in China, if you were asking that question, but we are talking about price three months ago, we would have talked to - talking about an $8 or $9 price and now we're talking about a $7 price. So that's your difference right there. In China, the small part of our business, but it is a part, and that's the impact it's had on our P&L.
Matt Skowronski: Thanks for that. And then you noted your bromine assets are operating at a higher than expected volumes, just going off of a comment that you just made, are these kind of normalized levels now?
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think we've been able to get some nice get rights in our JBC expansion that we did last year, that's enabled us to run it a little bit higher rates than we expected when we set the plan in place, and that will be the new run rate going forward, but we always do productivity enhancement and utilization increases and we'll continue to do that and we're very confident in our manufacturing capability to, to get out increased volumes from those manufacturing enhancements.
Matt Skowronski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Arun Viswanathan: Good morning. I guess, I just wanted to ask about the lithium environment. Do you think as you look into next year, what are some of the drivers, you're watching to see if things are stabilizing or even potentially turning around, I mean, is it just EV demand or is that macroeconomic growth? Or what else are you kind of looking for us or maybe supply disruptions or anything else?
Eric Norris: Hey, Arun, it's Eric here. I think the big drivers for us are not necessarily about demand. We feel fundamentally that while we've seen a pause in China, that's a pause and our long-term view for the global EV growth remains intact. So our focus is on supply and inventory that's in the channel. And there - we believe on our assessment. There is not a lot, there's not enough new supply or let's put it this way. The new supply coming in will not exceed the demand growth. So the question is how much is still an inventory? There is probably at least six months of product in inventory, maybe more so you're probably two to three times the level inventory, you should have, and that's the drag on price now then we see that having an effect into 2020.
Arun Viswanathan: And on that note, I guess, how long do you think it would take to kind of work through that, especially in the technical rates and I'm just a little bit surprised that there has been such an impact on EV battery grade lithium even with the oversupply in the tech side. So maybe you can just help us understand what the impact is there and why we're seeing that?
Luke Kissam: Yes, hey, this is Luke. We don't - we didn't what Eric was just talking about was overall that included battery grade as well as technical grade. So we think there is - we think there is an overhang of the supply chain for lithium derivatives overall. And what I said in the prepared remarks is we think we're looking at 12 months to 18 months of trying market conditions and we think that's about the time it's going to take for people to work at all, that's our view today.
Arun Viswanathan: And it's - lastly just, is there anything else that the industry can do, I guess to accelerate that process of destocking. Have you been aware of any other potential shutdowns or reductions in production? Thanks.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I can't you comment on what other people are thinking about doing. I can tell you what we're doing is - we're going to take control of what we can control. So you can see when the joint venture deal with MRL close, we made the decision to idle those assets, because we don't need to bring anymore spodumene right to the market in this market conditions. Secondly, we're going to take actions internally from a cost standpoint to ensure that what we can control, we will control.
Arun Viswanathan: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Harrison from Seaport Global Securities. Your line is open.
Michael Harrison: Hi, good morning. Just looking at the and kind of building on the questions around inventory levels. It seems like spodumene is one of the areas where there is too much supply. And I'm just wondering, can you talk about your operations at Talison and maybe how we should think about the contribution from Talison in 2020 relative to 2019?
Luke Kissam: Yes, so Talison contribution in '20 relative to '19, remember that Talison is a raw material supplier to GIC and Albemarle and that's really it both from a technical grade perspective as well as from a battery grade perspective that we take that rock and converted as CNG does into our - in our assets are in total converters. So it's going to be essentially that, that volume or will be similar to up slightly based Tianqi's bring on a new client and so I would expect it to be slightly higher than what we saw in 2019.
Michael Harrison: All right. And then on the - on the catalyst side of the business, I guess, I was a little bit surprised to hear you say that HPC was expected to be a little bit lower in 2020. Can we go back and discuss maybe your updated view on IMO, 2020 and the impact of that could have on HPC Catalyst growth over the next, maybe, what it's doing here in second half of '19 and what your expectations are for '20?
Luke Kissam: Go ahead, Raphael.
Raphael Crawford: Yes, sure. Mike, this is Raphael. So we do think that IMO will have an impact on HPC catalyst demand low to mid-single digits, but I think when you look at, when you step back and you look at the overall picture, more so than IMO for our business, it's really the tightening of sulfur specifications around the world, which will be favorable. As Luke mentioned as the onset of the call and there are things that with the timing of various refills, customers that could push us up or down in any given year not the indication of what weakness in the business more of timing in customer demand, but overall we feel like the tightening at sulfur specific regulations around the world. IMO included is favorable for our business in the industry.
Luke Kissam: Yes, this is Luke, HPC, just simply a lumpy business and what you have to do is the customer mix, the product mix as well as what that - what the fills are going to be in any one period of time. So that's the only reason I say it could be down. It's got nothing to do with overall market demand, not a share issue, not a price issue. It's just simply a matter of the fields that we expect today. Now, if we were sitting here in 2018, we got more fills in 2019 than we expected - we did in '18. So the team is still working, we may be able to move some orders up a little bit or get a little bit better mix, so it's early but yet people ask what an indication is from where we are today. It looks like HPC is going to be a little bit down and FCC is going to be up. Thanks.
Michael Harrison: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Luke and Eric just on lithium volumes in 2019, what do you think there'll be, and do you expect any growth in your lithium sales volumes in 2020?
Luke Kissam: Hey, there. David, your question is the market or - I'm sorry? outlook.
David Begleiter: On your sales volumes in '19 and potentially '20?
Luke Kissam: So our sales volumes in '19. So you're one about the growth and what it's like year-on - versus prior year, that growth is coming - is coming from - both from Xiniya - the ramp up of Xiniya II, which is now running at full rates, but from the first half of year is ramping, so we'll be three quarters full there for this year, so that, the 20,000 ton plants, so that's a big part of our growth. And the remainder is coming from La Negra though - La Negra we haven't run as well as we wanted to in the third quarter. We expect to show favorable year-on-year growth during the fourth quarter of 1,000, a couple of thousand tonnes or so for the year.
Eric Norris: So, if you look at 2020 David, I would expect that from a volume stand point we'd probably have - maybe 5,000 to 7,500 [ph] metric tons of growth, that assumes we get additional growth in and run La Negra at rates, we don't have another way like we did in the first quarter. The brands is percolating down there, the way it ought to be and they ran at October rates that's the highest rate they've ever run. Now we've got to sustain that all into 2020. And then we'll get a full year of Xinyu II from what we ran this year. So that's how I get to about the 5,000 to the 7,500 or 8,000 met tons. Okay?
David Begleiter: Very helpful. And Luke, just on the cost savings, how much will be realized next year of $100 million and what's the breakdown between those three segments of the $100 million?
Luke Kissam: Yes, I don't - I don't know how much we're going to get in next year, because some of it is - it's going to take a little bit of time. So we will update you in December, we will have more information at the Investor Day, and then we will roll out into our fourth quarter earnings call, we'll give you more update, David.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Sheehan from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Jim Sheehan: Thanks, good morning. I think you have repeatedly said that La Negra was on track to produce close to 40,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate in 2019. What is that number now going to be given the shortfall in third quarter. And can you just give some color on what cause these operational issues out La Negra and what gives you the confidence they won't repeat?
Luke Kissam: Yes, so let me do the first one and then Eric and talk about some details on, we're running at about 38,000, is that about right, Eric? Between 38,000 and 39,000 met tons for La Negra this year. And one of the things that we've done is we've taken some of the best process engineers, we have around the company from Catalysts from fine chemistry services from Bromine and they've been down in La Negra over the last couple of months helping with some best in class, some debottlenecks and things like that. So I'm confident next year that we'll be able to build from where we are, not have the hit - not have the rain event - not have the struggles with the Bromine because of the rain and things such as that. So, I feel good about where we are in the progress that we're making.
Eric Norris: So Jim, I'll just add. I'll move beyond Bromine issue in the rain, we've talked about that enough this year, but in terms of reliability and uptime of the plant, we expected more reliability and more uptime during the third quarter than we had. Let me first of all point out, at this point it's sold out. So everything we make, we can sell. So if there is and our time issue is going to have an impact, and that's why we're backfilling where we can - where we're qualified to do so with tollers. Now that being said, as Luke earlier said, we had the best October we've ever had in that or that month we ever had in the month of October. We've got to sustain that, it's been a large measure due to upskilling from people from outside of the Lithium business, but we've also brought a new operational talent and we're building skills within the organization. It's a journey, right, it's an operation, so this plant has to be operationally excellent and we're on our way there, the aim is world class, but we're not there yet.
Jim Sheehan: Very helpful. And Luke could you also explain how the tolling process works in Chile. Do you mean La Negra commitments with told brine based carbonate or spodumene based carbonate and you've explained a lot in the past about how difficult it is to meet product specifications for battery grade products? Our toll volumes coming from the big five producer and thus, they meet those specs and if not, do you have to offer some kind of price concession given the lower quality toll product?
Luke Kissam: That's a lot of questions. So let me try to address them one at a time. Overall, we don't take any brine from anybody else until it and we don't give our brine anybody else to toll for us. So if we have a slowdown at La Negra what we lose a 1,000 metric tons. We take spodumene from our Talison supply and have a third party generally in China totally either to carbonate or hydroxide and we generally if is told to carbonate at least in 2019, previously, it might have been a little bit different, but in 2019 we use that for internal consumption mainly to go downstream into our specialty businesses, and we continue to sell our carbonate directly to third party customers.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn from Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Good morning. Thank you for taking my call. A couple of questions if I may, you talked about the sort of the outlook for incremental volume growth that you're still going to get in 2020 without added capacity just from capacity ramp ups that you've done over 2019, but I just want to understand that the closure of the Wodgina mine, it doesn't impact sort of the progression of capacity additions that you've outlined in the second quarter slide when you took down the $1.5 billion CapEx expectation, right? I mean, in terms of hydroxide and carbonate capacity that's still going to go on line it through 2022 as you've outlined in this slide.
Luke Kissam: That's exactly right, Dmitry.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Okay. And then on the divestitures, I found it interesting that if you're getting sort of inquiries on the Catalyst in the fine chemistry business obviously the fine chemistry business has been around on the market, I guess for a while. On the Catalyst side, you mentioned kind of pro forma Catalyst being the subject of interest. Does that include the curatives and organometallics or would that still be strictly the FCC, HPC Catalyst business?
Luke Kissam: Yes, so let me be clear, Dmitry. It is, it is not the refining Catalysts, it is not FCC and it is not HPC, the inquiries have been for the PCS portion of that business, which you are right, are the organometallics and the curatives.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Okay, okay, you're looking - you basically - you look - you're looking at some of that, what I would call sort of orphan businesses, not necessarily contemplating yet the possibility of bromine or refining catalysts being used as a way to help you with the capital requirements in lithium?
Luke Kissam: Dmitry, just like asking me which one of my children are favorable, I love them all. I wouldn't call an orphan business, but I would say that they are quality businesses with good operating teams that can do much better if they have a focus and additional capital and with the competition for capital. We have, they're just not going to get it. So it's a better value creation for our stakeholders for divestiture. If, and only if, the valuation is where it needs to be. So that's how I look at it, okay.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Makes perfect sense Luke. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from PJ Juvekar from Citi. Your line is open.
Prashant Juvekar: Yes, hi, good morning, Luke. So in light of your Wodgina shutdown. Can you talk about the spodumene cost curve, what's the cost of marginal producer and whereas Wodgina fall there, and what signals are you looking - looking to for the start of Wodgina again?
Luke Kissam: Well, the best cost position in the world from spodumene rock is Talison and if you follow the purity of the rock and lack of foreign substances in there you follow the cost curve, with Talison is the premier in the world. If you take Talison out of the picture then Wodgina is right up there on the cost curve with the low cost producers out there from a quality resource, from the size of the resource, from the linked that we're going to be able to monitor from the cost position that we'll be able to get. So, it is a top tier resource from a cost standpoint and from a quality standpoint. Remember, we weren't planning to sell that spodumene, we we're going to use it to convert it to lithium hydroxide and when we look at the market today, it makes sense for us, we think today to treat Wodgina in the same way we treat Talison as a raw material source for the MARBL limited joint venture between Albemarle in MRL. So we'll get Kemerton online and we'll start that bright mechanical completion sometime in 2021. We have a period of time where we have to have qualification runs and then we'll look to source Wodgina with Kemerton. To the extent the market conditions makes sense for us to bring whatever amount of capacity it makes for us to bring on for lithium hydroxide. We don't need to operate it wide open on day one, we'll will bring on capacity to meet that demand for lithium hydroxide and that will dictate how we run the Wodgina mine.
Prashant Juvekar: Sure, thank you for that. And then if you were to divest, you're Fine Chemistry and Performance Catalyst business. Is the long-term goal for Albemarle to become a pure lithium company or is it just to keep the dip refining catalyst business and bromine in the portfolio? So that's the cash generative business that can fund the growth of Lithium. Thank you.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think lithium, we'll be able to fund it, if we start back and look lithium cash flow positive in 2021, '22 kind of time frame inclusive of service and it's debt, if you had to and things, like that, but right now, our goal is to drive shareholder value. When we look at our portfolio today, we see bromine and catalysts good solid business, high EBITDA margins that allows us to harvest cash and use that for the Lithium business. So we will consistently as we always have a look at our portfolio, but for the foreseeable future, we like where we are after these two divestitures.
Prashant Juvekar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Colin Rusch from Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is open.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much guys. As you're looking at the landscape of battery manufacturers and considering your strategy. Can you talk about consolidation in the industry, folks that maybe distressed and how you expect to handle that sort of situation?
Eric Norris: So, hey, Colin, this is Eric. So what we are seeing, and I've talked about before and it continues is a shift of power decision-making around Lithium and battery materials used in a battery to the battery manufacturers in sales and in some cases the OEM is getting more engaged. And so when we look at how we do business going forward, that is the group that we speak with as a group or partner with, that's a group, we have a great deal of our contract relationships already. Cathode players form the balance that's where there is more stress in the value chain, there is a lot more fragmentation and I think you will see some consolidation over time there, but it's hard to say at what pace that would occur, but that's the dynamic we see and we're well balanced and prepared with pretty deep relationships across all of those three parties, OEMs, battery producers, cathode producers.
Colin Rusch: Great. And then on the policy side, obviously the situation in China from a sell through perspective on - it has been a major disappointment, particularly in the second half of this year. What are you hearing in terms of potential for stimulus in China for vehicles and for you is at this point, if anything?
Luke Kissam: What we interpret as what - is going on is a pause, right, it's a - it's a shift in policies to intent the development of an industry that is part of the grand plan for China. So we have no doubt about Chinese intent and where they want to go and what we are hearing. Specifically, is that the drive towards higher energy density batteries and full battery electric vehicles is the aim of where they want to go. So we - recognize that, in the past couple of months it's been a pause, it's been a little slow, but we view that as simply a natural pause in the road of what will be significant growth, and we're certainly seeing that in the global EV space in Europe today.
Colin Rusch: Great, thanks so much guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joseph [ph] from G. Research. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, everyone. Obviously, both lithium industry has responded to the softening price dynamic with you and others delaying or canceling capacity expansions, but with the amount of lithium carbonate sitting in supply chain, that needs to be consumed. Are you concerned, there's going to be more room for prices to fall going forward as the industry destocks?
Luke Kissam: We, as we said, I think on the call, you got $7 a kilo price kind of in China right now, we think that's about where their - whether cash cost of conversion is, I have seen a hard time them going much, much lower than that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And as the shift to high nickel cathodes accelerates and you're seeing the growth in lithium carbonate slow. Do you expect the price spread between the two to widen, it seems like it's tracked fairly steadily, this year, the $150 to $2 kilogram range?
Luke Kissam: Well, a couple of things I'll say. One is that the demand growth for carbonate remains strong, demand outlook for hydroxide is much stronger. Today, the workhorse of the industry is six to two chemistry, that we made with carbonate, four hydroxide which plays to Albemarle's advantages, we're the only producer that has ability to play both. As to the future, we see hydroxide, because of the growth we see in the hydroxide market getting tight, but today, I don't know that we would forecast any major change in spreads between the two.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Luke, one of your industry peers announced a new contract with LG, earlier this week. As you consider your contract strategy given all that has transpired with lithium prices are you generally disinclined to enter new long-term contracts? Or are there perhaps isolated opportunities that look attractive?
Luke Kissam: Yes, so, Kevin. We're talking to everybody as I said, we're in negotiations under our existing long-term agreements and for new long-term agreements, both in the - both with OEMs, as well as with additional battery producers. So we are in negotiations and in discussions with a lot of moving parts and pieces and what that tells me is that, there is ability - there is a need for a security of supply from companies like Albemarle and everybody knows we're not - we will enter into a contract, long-term today at a $7 a kilo price for carbonate, is it not happen, we're not going to do it, it don't make any sense for us to do a lot of that in, because we think the market is going to move up. So we know the value we bring, I think the customers know the value that we bring as well and we're inclined to enter into agreements that will drive value for our stakeholders. That's the best way I know to describe it.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay, fair enough. And then second, with regard to your potential divestitures, how would you characterize the aggregate level of EBITDA there? And as a point of clarification is that amounts of EBITDA included in your 2020 guidance comments or are you contemplating a decrement or step down related to a midyear divestiture?
Scott Tozier: Kevin, this is Scott. So the combined EBITDA is kind of in the $55 million to $60 million range, we have not assumed that we sell those businesses in our guidance at this point in time. We just started the process as we talked about and we need to see if we're going to get the value for those businesses that we expect and if not, then we'll - if we don't - we'll hold them if, if we do - we'll end up by transacting.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude the question-and-answer session for today's conference. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Dave Ryan for any closing remarks.
David Ryan: I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning and for your questions and participation. As always, we appreciate your interest. This concludes Albemarle's third quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Albemarle Corporation Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference Mr. Dave Ryan, Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Ryan: Thank you, and welcome to Albemarle’s second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you will find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about our outlook, expected company performance, planned joint ventures as well as lithium production capacity end demand may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude non-operating, non-recurring and other unusual items. GAAP financial measures and reconciliations from those to the adjusted numbers discussed today may be found in our press release and the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Luke.
Luke Kissam: Hey. Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us on the call today. In the second quarter, excluding currency impacts, excuse me, Albemarle grew revenue and adjusted EBITDA by 6% and adjusted diluted EPS by 20%, compared to the second quarter of 2018. Volume and pricing contributed to the year-over-year growth in lithium and bromine, while pricing was up year-over-year in catalysts. Scott will go into more detail on our quarterly performance and outlook for the rest of the year in a minute. I want to focus my comments on why we are adjusting our lithium capital expansion plans to significantly reduce capital expenditures in the medium-term. The potential impact of EV subsidy changes in China, possible shifts in cathode chemistry, excess inventory held in spots along the supply chain and the current oversupply of lithium carbonate in the market has caused some caution in the energy storage value chain. All of this has put downward pressure on price, and we expect to see this pressure on carbonate pricing continue in the near-term, but we also expect supply demand dynamics to tighten in 2020. We have always stated that we would add production capacity to meet demand. As you can see on Page 8 of our earnings presentation, Albemarle has decided to delay all work related to planning, engineering and construction of approximately 125,000 metric tons of previously announced additional conversion capacity. We anticipate that these changes will reduce our capital expenditures by approximately $1.5 billion over the next five years and allow Albemarle to become free cash flow positive in 2021. As part of this strategic pivot, we recently announced amendments to the transaction with MRL. The joint venture will now be owned 60% by Albemarle and 40% by MRL. Albemarle will pay $820 million in cash and contribute a 40% interest in the 50,000 ton lithium hydroxide facility currently under construction by Albemarle in Kemerton, Western Australia. This facility is still on track to be commissioned in stages, commencing in the first-half of 2021. We had previously announced that the first phase at Kemerton would be a 75,000 metric ton hydroxide facility, but we are scaling the total capacity back to 50,000 metric tons at this time. The Wodgina mine will still have the ability to support at least 100,000 met tons of lithium hydroxide. However, any additional conversion capacity expansions in this joint venture will be based on market dynamics, and we would expect a lower capital intensity from metric ton of capacity. This transaction still unites the mining expertise of MRL with the lithium expertise of Albemarle and the modification accelerates the joint venture’s ability to bring lithium hydroxide to the market. Albemarle will continue to have responsibility for marketing all of the product produced by this joint venture. In China, our 20,000 met tons Xinyu II lithium hydroxide facility continues to ramp production in its own pace to reach the full capacity run rate by year-end. With several large customer qualifications complete, we continue to anticipate meaningful sales growth supported by this facility during the second-half of 2019. In Chile, our two existing operating units in La Negra remain on track to produce close to 40,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate this year. The 40,000 tons of La Negra III and IV remains on schedule for completion in the first quarter of 2021. Based on what we’re seeing in the carbonate market and to better manage our cash flow, we have decided to delay all work on the Salar yield improvement project at this time. This will likely limit our ability to operate La Negra III and IV at nameplate capacity initially and will delay our ability to build a safety stock of concentrated brine for a rain event or similar issue. However, we are confident we will still be able to meet our commitments to our carbonate contract customers. While we are pulling back on previously announced conversion capacity expansions, I want to point out that Albemarle has access to the best lithium resources in the world: the Salar de Atacama; Greenbushes in Australia; and upon closing the MRL transaction, Wodgina. No other lithium company can match the quality, size or diversity of those resources. Albemarle will be cash flow positive in 2021, and our balance sheet will get stronger and stronger as we grow EBITDA and operational cash flow over the next few years. This will give us the flexibility when market conditions dictate to build or buy additional conversion capacity that will use feedstock from the world’s best lithium resources. In closing, as we promised we would do, we are adjusting our capital expansion plans to respond to market conditions. We will still be able to meet all of our commitments to our contracted customers, but reduce capital expenditures significantly in the medium-term, allowing Albemarle to be free cash flow positive in 2021. We have access to large, high-quality, low-cost lithium resources and the financial flexibility to build or buy conversion capacity in the future, if doing so creates value for our stakeholders. In short, we’re well-positioned for and excited about the future. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Luke, and good morning, everyone. For the second quarter, we reported unadjusted U.S. GAAP net income of $154 million, or $1.45 diluted earnings per share. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.55, an increase of about $0.19, or 14% compared to second quarter 2018, or 20% excluding currency effects. Growth and bromine, lithium and fine chemistry services resulted in an increase of about $0.19. Earnings per share also benefited $0.06 from our 2018 share repurchase programs and $0.10 from a more favorable effective tax rate than was the case in 2018. These gains were partially offset by unfavorable currency exchange of about $0.08 and unfavorable results in the Catalysts business compared to second quarter 2018, which was a particularly strong quarter for Catalysts. Now I’ll cover a few financial details. Based on current geographic sales and production mix year-to-date and our expectations for the rest of 2019, we currently expect our full-year effective tax rate to range between 20% and 22%, excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items. Corporate costs in the second quarter were $39 million, an increase over the same period in 2018, primarily driven by an increase in unfavorable currency losses of approximately $8 million. Full-year 2019 corporate costs are now expected to range from $130 million to $140 million. For the first-half of the year, net cash from operations was $199 million, down $25 million from last year, impacted by higher cash taxes and increased working capital to support increased sales in lithium in the second-half of 2019. Capital expenditures during the first-half were $416 million, and we now expect full-year CapEx for 2019 to range between $900 million and $1 billion. Expenditures for the Kemerton project remain on track. However, some expenditures that were planned for 2020 are now expected to occur in 2019. This is largely driven by increased activity in Australia and a requirement by vendors for higher upfront payments. At the end of the quarter, our net-debt-to-adjusted EBITDA was 1.5 times. After the MRL deal closes, we expect our gross-debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio to be around 2.7 times and net-debt-to-EBITDA to be around 2.2 times, and expected to improve going forward. We will secure a new debt to finance the joint venture and for general corporate purposes. Initially, a delayed drawdown – draw term loan will be put in place. This may ultimately be converted to long-term debt. Turning to the details of our business performance now. In the second quarter, lithium delivered sales of $325 million. Excluding unfavorable impact of currency, lithium sales were up 5% compared to the second quarter of 2018, driven by increased volume of 3% and increased price and mix of 2%. Pricing was up 1%, primarily in specialty products such as butyllithium and battery grade materials. Adjusted EBITDA of $142 million was flat compared to the second quarter of 2018 and adjusted EBITDA margin was 44%. In bromine, second quarter net sales and adjusted EBITDA grew year-over-year by 17% and 20%, respectively, excluding the impact of currency. Adjusted EBITDA margins were strong at 32%. Although we have seen some weakness in our connectors business that serves the automotive and construction markets, we’ve been successful to date in shifting our bromine to other end markets, where demand remains more robust. Volume growth in the second quarter was aided by our JBC expansion that is running well and was brought online in the third quarter of 2018. Catalysts reported second quarter net sales of $266 million and adjusted EBITDA of $67 million. The decline in results was caused by a volume shortfall in fluid catalytic cracking, or FCC catalysts, due to delays in the startup of new units and changes in customer mix. This was partially offset by favorable pricing in FCC and higher sales volume and a favorable product mix in clean fuel technology, or HPC. Insurance payments related to weather received during 2018 were also an unfavorable factor in the adjusted EBITDA comparison. Let me turn to the rest of the year now. In lithium, we continue to expect year-over-year volume growth of 15,000 to 20,000 metric tons and then adjusted EBITDA growth rate in the mid to high-teens. With multiple customer qualifications complete, hydroxide volume from Xinyu is expected to drive a stronger second-half. We are seeing pricing pressure on some technical grade products and expect second-half pricing to be flat to slightly down compared to 2018. However, we still expect full-year pricing to be flat to slightly up versus 2018 and to see sequential adjusted EBITDA growth in the third and fourth quarters. In Catalysts, the FCC customers startup delays are expected to impact full-year volumes. We are working to mitigate the short-term impact by placing volume at other accounts, where the pricing meets our profitability targets, but it is unlikely we will fully replace the delayed volume. To be clear, we have secured this FCC business, so it is a matter of when, not if, we ship FCC catalysts to these refineries. For HPC, the full-year remains on track, although timing of orders has shifted around a bit. Putting all this together, we now expect full-year adjusted EBITDA of the Catalysts segment to be down mid-single digits on a percentage basis, excluding divested businesses. Second-half results are expected to be spread fairly evenly across the third and fourth quarter and flat to first-half. The downside in catalyst is offset by an improved outlook in bromine and fine chemistry services. Our 2019 order backlog in bromine remains healthy, and we now expect full-year adjusted EBITDA growth in the range of 10%. Global economic weakness is always a risk for this business, although signs are pointing toward a potential 2020 impact on bromine rather than 2019. For the total company, excluding divested businesses, we are reaffirming the full-year guidance of net sales growth in the range of 9% to 15% and adjusted EBITDA growth in the range of 7% to 14%. We’re increasing guidance for adjusted diluted earnings per share to $6.25 to $6.65, a pro forma growth rate of 15% to 22% over 2018. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Dave.
David Ryan: Thanks, Scott. Before we get to Q&A, I want to call your attention to our press release of August 6, announcing that we will host an Investor Day in New York City on the morning of December 12, 2019. Additional details will be forthcoming, but we look forward to the opportunity to provide a detailed update on Albemarle and the strategy and priorities for the company and each of our global business units. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before doing so, I’d like to remind everyone to please limit questions to two per person to ensure that all participants have a chance to ask questions, then feel free to get back into the queue for follow-ups if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Josh Spector with UBS. Your line is now open.
Josh Spector: Hey, guys, can you hear me?
Luke Kissam: Yes, we can hear you.
Josh Spector: Okay, great. Yes, sorry, it’s a patchy connection. Just a question on CapEx kind of over the next five years. So I understand you took down the number, and I – so I wonder, if demand does materialize kind of over the next two or three years, either at or ahead of your expectations, do you see some of that CapEx coming back into your planning? So I guess, I’m thinking, if you’re adding new capacity in the mid-2020 timeframe, you probably need to start building or spending on that in early 2020, and kind of how do you balance that versus what you said on the release earlier?
Luke Kissam: Yes, great question. If you look – what you see is, we are building out Kemerton, which would add another 50,000 met tons of lithium hydroxide. And then in the chart, we show that we are assuming we will build out another 50,000 metric tons with our partner, MRL, once that deal closes. So that will reduce the capital that we will have to expand for that next 50,000 metric ton of capacity. We’re essentially sharing that capacity with our partner. So we believe that when we look at the demand that it would be out further past that 2021 timeframe, where we would have to commit any more capital. So we’re very comfortable with the free cash flow number that we say and being free cash flow positive in 2021. And then as our EBITDA grows, we will selectively buy or build additional capacity if the market demands it at a lower capital intensity than what we we’re seeing today.
Josh Spector: Okay, great. Thanks. And just on – so first, Mineral Resources and the spodumene availability, how does the change in the JV impact any of the plans there to the extent you can provide any color on what’s going to happen with the capacity, which you aren’t going to be allocating to Kemerton at the start?
Luke Kissam: Yes. Upon the closing of that transaction, we’ll work with MRL to determine the best approach on that spodumene. But it certainly appears to us today that the market is adequately supplied with spodumene today.
Josh Spector: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
David Begleiter: Thank you, Luke. Just following up on that situation, the additional Talison spodumene, will that be processed or how that be allocated going forward?
Scott Tozier: Under the Talison agreements, we have the rights to 50% of the off-take and our partner, Tianqi, has the rights to 50% of that off-take. So that won’t change in anyway going forward. David, I’m not quite sure I understand the question.
David Begleiter: With the reduced capacity in Kemerton, will you be processing any of the Talison spodumene in the 50,000 tons of initial Kemerton capacity?
Scott Tozier: No, that’ll be used with Wodgina rock, we would expect to do that. But we certainly have flexibility to allow us in the future to – with these resources to do whatever it makes the most sense from a financial perspective.
David Begleiter: Very good. And just on a second-half lithium EBITDA guidance, Luke, it is a big ramp up, you do have Xinyu coming in. But any other drivers for the big second-half versus first-half in terms of lithium EBITDA guidance range?
Eric Norris: David, this is Eric. So it is, as you depicted, it’s two things. It’s the Xinyu II ramp up now that we are – have six months of experience under our belt and are ramping towards full rates, have four major customers qualified, that can really drive that plant, there’s another six plus that will probably qualify or in the process of qualifying, but we have sufficient now to fill that plant in the second-half of this year. And then the other factor is the ramp up of – similarly of La Negra II in Chile and the volumes we expect there. And, of course, the underlying factor is strong demand growth in the EV markets, which we – our demand outlook continues to be as it was three months ago for strong growth going forward.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Arun Viswanathan: Great, thanks. Good morning. Just trying to, I guess, understand your comments, put them in context in the prepared remarks. So, obviously, there – we’re going through a little bit of a period of oversupply in carbonate and spodumene, and you’ve halted CapEx, partly as a result. So are we supposed to, I guess, interpret that some of your decisions to not bring as much tonnage to market would help kind of stabilize the market? And do you think, we would see some similar responses from your peers in the industry? Thanks.
Scott Tozier: Yes. I have no way of knowing what our peers in the industry will do. First of all, what we’re looking at is, we have always told our stakeholders that we were going to invest capital to meet our contracted customers’ demand, where we could get an attractive return on invested capital. And our stakeholders have been clear. When I talk to shareholders, the number one thing I hear is, when are you going to be free cash flow positive. It’s critical that we adjust our capital to allow us to meet our stakeholders’ demand, while at the same time driving towards a positive free cash flow. And we put a stake in the ground that we’re going to be free cash flow positive in 2021. We believe that will create more value for our stakeholders and we will have the financial flexibility if the market conditions call for it to build or buy additional conversion capacity to meet any increased needs in the market.
Arun Viswanathan: Okay, thanks for that. And as a follow-up, just curious on your customers’ acceptance of the long-term contracts. Are you still seeing increased contracting? You mentioned 10 years previous – on previous calls? Are you still able to extend those agreements? And if so, what’s kind of the magnitude or the level of acceptance that you’re seeing out there? Thanks.
Eric Norris: Arun, hello, this is Eric Norris. We ended 2018 with largely all of those major contracts extended out in – somewhere in the three to five-year range, some five-plus, and that is what is we’re operating against today. And with those contracts are holding, they are all largely outside of China, those types of contracts and we continue to move forward against them.
Arun Viswanathan: Thanks. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Zekauskas [sic] [Jeffrey Zekauskas] with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. You said that over a five-year period, you would drop your CapEx by $1.5 billion. So what was your five-year CapEx expectation, and what is it now?
Luke Kissam: Scott, you have that number off the top of your head?
Scott Tozier: I don’t have it off the top of my head.
Luke Kissam: We’ll get back to you with that number. I don’t have it off the top of my head. What we did was we went in and looked exactly what we were taking it down. I can tell you by – we look at 2019 being right around $1 billion, 2020 been right around $1 billion, and then 2021 drop into around $500 million or so or something like that. Am I right, Scott?
Scott Tozier: Yes, the new is around $500 million, but it was up around $800 million or so or something like that.
Luke Kissam: Yes. So it’s about $300 million to $400 million drop, so in that one year alone. So we’ll get that number for you. I’m sorry, I don’t have it off the top of my head, Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. Okay. And then just to my follow-up. Originally, once your Wave 2 capacity was done, I think, it would have had something like 350,000 or 340,000 tons of LCE. And what you’re now going to do is you’re not going to build 125,000 tons of LCE. So basically, what you’ve done is, you’ve curtailed your longer-term capacity to the mid-decade by about 35%, 35% or 36%. So that must correspond to with diminished expectation for either lithium growth rates overall, or lithium profitability overall. Can you give us a sense…
Luke Kissam: Yes.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: …of why your curtailments are so large and how you got there?
Luke Kissam: Yes, Jeff, certainly can. First of all, we will still have the capability out in the years to either buy or build additional capacity, if that’s met. I don’t – you should not view this anyway as seen that we don’t believe demand is still going to be where it is. We’re still bullish on demand. We’re at, I think, 1 million metric tons in that range by 2025 and we still see that based on all the data that we have coming in. So it’s not demand. From an actual dollar perspective, I think, it’s too soon to say whether there’s going to be a reduction in EBITDA or not, when the supply and demand is got to have an impact, you – one would think over time on price. What this will do at a 1 million metric tons is, it will reduce our market share, unless we build more over time. So while it is not ondemand, understand how you do the math on the EBITDA in earnings. But I’m not ready to concede that point yet. If you’ll – we’re just going to need to let see how this plays out. But I want to be clear, we’re going to meet the commitments that we have to our customers. We’re going to be free cash flow positive in 2021. As we go out through the years and our EBITDA and our volumes do grow, you’ll continue to see us generate significant free cash flow and will have the balance sheet and the flexibility to invest either in buying or building additional conversion capacity if it means it makes sense to our stakeholders. And that’s probably once we say go, if we’re building it, is probably 24 to 36 months.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thanks so much, Luke.
Luke Kissam: Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from PJ Juvekar with Citi. Your line is now open.
Prashant Juvekar: Yes. Hi, good morning. Luke, now that you’ve delayed a big chunk of your hydroxide capacity. You are going to be more exposed to spodumene concentrate from both Wodgina and from Talison for longer period of time. Why is that a better economic decision when you know that there’s going to be excess rock capacity in the market?
Luke Kissam: Well, you assume I’m selling it and I’m not saying today, we’re going to sell it. So we’re not going to be more exposed to spodumene rock. We’re not going to sell it, if there’s not a market for.
Prashant Juvekar: Okay. So you’re saying you won’t operate the mines if there is no demand for it.
Luke Kissam: I’m saying at we will discuss – after the deal closes, we will discuss with MRL what the best approach is to take on the spodumene rock from that mine.
Prashant Juvekar: Okay. And then most of your cancelled capacity is in Australia. Is Australia not competitive, either because of higher labor, or building cost or whatever, or is it because demand is lower and you’re just matching it to demand, it has nothing to do with Australia?
Luke Kissam: It doesn’t have anything to do with Australia. Although I will say and it’s clear, if you’re going to build an asset in China versus you’re going to build an asset in Australia, you’ve got a much higher capital intensity in Australia, be the same thing if you build something in the U.S., you’ve got a higher capital intensity than you do in China. But what we’re delaying is simply what we had on the drawing board, and we’re taking that capacity out and you ought not read anything more than that into it.
Prashant Juvekar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Robert Koort: Thank you. Good morning. Maybe a question for Eric. I’m trying to reconcile Albemarle’s unique supply capability. I think you guys have talked in the past about customers maybe narrowing or tightening their specifications and your ability to supply there given legacy supply arrangements, qualifications and whatnot. And, Luke, you’re suggesting maybe you could seed some share. So are the Tier 2 and Tier 3 converters beginning to be able to meet those specifications, or are they narrowing the distance to and performance capabilities that you have? And then secondly, are we seeing those goalposts narrowing by the customer base? Are there specs getting tighter or tougher requiring more out of their suppliers that are lithium suppliers?
Eric Norris: Hi, it’s Eric. So I would say that this is all about EV growth, right, for our strategy. First of all, that may be obvious, but an important point, because where we see that going is largely a high nickel base, increasingly, and where we see that needing therefore is hydroxide – lithium hydroxide. When you talk about the types of quality specifications they are tightening, and you talk about the ability – the supply pace to meet them, it’s a handful or less of companies that can do that. So I wouldn’t – I would say that that is – today, that is not the non-integrated producers. It is the integrated major producers in the marketplace. And so our strategy is one simply around creating flexibility that you’re hearing on this conference call for growth, while continuing to meet needs, not any statement around what we see competitively in this high-growth market, or their continued need for more specialized or high-quality products.
Luke Kissam: Yes, Bob, this is Luke. As a leader in the lithium business, we feel like we need to put a stake in the ground. And that’s what we’re doing. We’re pivoting our strategy to address the major concern we hear from our shareholders, which is, when are you going to be free cash flow positive. We’re going to be free cash flow positive in 2021, and we’re still going to be able to meet the commitments we have to our customers. And we will also have the flexibility in the future using the world’s best resources to build or buy additional conversion capacity. So don’t hear me – please don’t hear me say that I’m willing to cede share or I’m happy with a lower EBITDA, or I’m not looking for earnings growth. I don’t hear any of that. What you ought to hear is, we’re going to be very responsible in how we are managing our cash to drive shareholder value and meet our customers’ demand.
Robert Koort: If I could follow-up, Luke, that seems to be an ongoing anxiety in the market about spot prices and relevance to your portfolio. I think, you guys have obviously demonstrated consistently your pricing is not in anyway correlated to that spot market. But I’m curious as you think about renewing contracts, I assume some roll in, some roll off, and you’re writing a new contract today. Does that still have a price uplift from where it may have been written the expiring contracts, or how do you sort of characterize the contract pricing dynamic as you look forward from here?
Luke Kissam: Yes. I’m going to let Eric talk about that. But I think, you’ve got to separate it between what you’re seeing today in carbonate and what you’re seeing today in a dry side from a battery grade standpoint, okay? So Eric?
Eric Norris: Yes. So it is – is it different by the two? Yes. I mean, first of all, in our mix of business, as I said in the previous question, we are not seeing a lot of or we don’t have a lot of contracts expiring within the next – this year or next year. We have a large number, a large volume committed on the hydroxide side of that, that is where we see the growth, certainly for EVs. But it’s also where we see considerable tightness from a supply standpoint, both today and into the future. And so while there might be excess in carbonate, carbonate is also a product that is not the preferred product line going forward for EVs. And as a result, you will see pricing pressure there. And any contract that renews, you’ll see more there on carbonate than you would on hydroxide. And so that – that’s really the dynamic we’re facing right now.
Eric Norris: I mean, Bob, that’s – the question is, as these contracts enter, we’ve got to look to see if steady price, a set price on that minimum volume, the way it makes sense, or do we go to a band of pricing? How are we going to do this in this evolving market? And that’s something that there is a significant amount of focus on, not only internally with Albemarle, but our discussion with our major customers, the major battery suppliers, and some automotive OEMs, because you’re – what we’re seeing today is that buying decision is moving further to the right of that supply chain. And we are engaged in those discussions at the right levels and we’re going to hopefully reach an arrangement that makes sense for us and for our stakeholders and allows our customers to also meet their demands that they have to the OEM. That’s our goal.
Robert Koort: Great. Thanks for the help.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov with Numora. Your line is now open.
Matthew Skowronski: Good morning. This is Matt Skowronski on for Aleksey. Given the price volatility that you’ve seen so far this year, are your lithium contracts being executed as expected, or were there any change in terms of mid-year?
Eric Norris: So – hi, Matt, Eric Norris, again. So we see a mix of things, right? The vast majority of our businesses is battery grade. The vast majority of that is located outside of China. And that’s where our contracts sweet spot has been for years and where it continues to be where we renewed a lot of our contracts last year for the duration of a number of years going forward. So those – all those contracts are performing as expected. We have some technical grade products that are sold under more shorter-term non-traditional or not traditional for these battery grade contracts. They are seeing pressure and Scott referenced that we will see some of that in the second-half of this year. The volume that we have in China that, which is strategic to maintain a position within that supply chain, is also not a traditional sort of contract. It’s been shorter-term, some expired this year. And in some cases we’re able to reach a price agreement with some, and others we weren’t willing to go, where they felt they wanted them to go. And so we walked away from some contracts that we’ve kept a foothold in China. So it really would be China, which is less than 10% of our volume and tech grade, which is another depending on how you count it 10% to 20% of our volume. That’s where there might be some pressure, but in the vast majority of our business, and certainly, our battery grade portion of the market is growing. Those contracts are performing.
Matthew Skowronski: Thank you. That’s helpful. And then what are your early kind of views on demand for lithium in China in July and August so far? Has there been any change or deterioration from June levels?
Eric Norris: Again, it’s Eric here. It’s a question that I ask my team and I think it’s really way too early to know. You asked in the spirit of, I think, the fact that the new subsidies went into effect as of July 1. Very often there’s a run up before any subsidy change of buying behavior. And so we don’t know what it’s going to mean going into July or August, where I could speculate one way or the other. The market for EVs remains robust, but subsidies do distort behavior. And so it’s possible that the July or August could be weak – weaker than they otherwise would be without the subsidy. On balance, though, we see a strong year for China going forward from a demand standpoint.
Matthew Skowronski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Byrne with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Luke Washer: Hi, good morning. This is actually Luke Washer on for Steve. So given your decision to reduce hydroxide capacity, could you provide some more detail on what you’re seeing on the demand side that’s changing your tone? Are you seeing a slowdown in optimism perhaps for the timing and shift to 811 and the NCA technology?
Eric Norris: Hi, Luke, Eric, again. So as Luke said, first of all, there’s nothing that’s changing in the next two to three years, right? The capacity that we have opted to not pursue is in that three to five-year timeframe. And that same three to five-year timeframe will have certainly the resources and the cash, should the market warranted to go after that, that opportunity. So it’s putting the stake in the ground, as Luke referred to. In terms of now your question of demand. Demand is unchanged from what we thought three months ago from what we thought six months ago. It remains strong and it – and probably stronger than – for hydroxide than we would have expected maybe six months ago. So there continues to be that edging towards hydroxide that is supported by NCA chemistries and 811 chemistries. But I’ll reiterate what I said three months ago, we never expected 811 to be a big player in EVs in the next couple of years. There are technology and processing challenges yet for that technology to be safely used in a large-scale format in a battery for an EV. It is being used experimentally in some – in China in some consumer goods products. It is being blended with a six to two to sort of, if you will, supplement the energy within that battery at a small level. But it is not – there are today, really no – we don’t see any 811 full EV batteries for some time yet. NCA continues to grow, is driven by a few automotive producers, in particular. And so that continues on. But again, going back to the original point, nothing has really changed in our demand view in the next couple of years or for that matter five years out.
Luke Washer: Thanks. That’s helpful. And then on the La Negra III and IV, you expected to add 40,000 metric tons of carbonate to the market and now you’re delaying that project a bit. What do you believe the effective capacity of those increases will be now?
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think we always intended to bring that capacity on. As 2021 is when we would have mechanical completion in the first quarter, we have to have four to six months worth of qualification. So I wouldn’t expect much in in 2021. We always talk about bringing these units on third, third, third. So we’re confident we can still bring that on and we could probably have this Salar yield online and have the brine ready for – by 2023 when we need that last third of that project there. So I would look at it as 15,000, 15,000, 10,000 something like that something in that range.
Luke Washer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Joel Jackson: Hi, good morning.
Luke Kissam: Hey.
Joel Jackson: Hey. You clearly said that being free cash flow positive in 2021 is a key thing for you when considering the changes in the JV with Min Res. And I understand the optionality, I guess, spodumene for you here. So maybe you could talk a little bit about the rationale about deciding just give over $1 billion of consideration for spodumene resource, where maybe in the future, you could go and get that resource later when you need it?
Luke Kissam: Yes. That’s a great question. They will run in an auction and it was going to get sold. If you go back to the very beginning of it, MRL was running a process. We were engaged in a process. It was a top tier asset. If you take Talison out of the equation, you take out Greenbushes, that is the best rock resource in the world. The – when you look at Wodgina, the size of that resource, the purity of that resource, and the skill that MRL brings to the table from a mining standpoint, and I believe from a capital execution standpoint, that can help us, it just made for a perfect fit. Ultimately, you’re going to need that volume. And we thought it was best that we had it, we saw it as a good asset. And now when we’ve restructured it, we have 60% of that joint venture. So that gives us some rise that we didn’t have in the past. So all in all, quality asset, we’re going to use that rock for Kemerton. We will also partner with MRL on our next installment of capital, which will further reduce our capital outlay and still allow us to meet our customer demand. So quality resource, quality people, ability to reduce our capital outlay and still have 100,000 met tons worth of lithium hydroxide coming on board, it all made sense to us from a return standpoint.
Joel Jackson: Thank you for that. A little more on the yield improvement program deferral. Is that just matching some of the conversations you’ve talked about earlier today? Is there anything else going on with the government on getting proper quota increase or maybe…
Luke Kissam: No, not – this is [Multiple Speakers]
Joel Jackson: …technology?
Luke Kissam: Yes. No, this is nothing involved with the government. Our quota system is fine. There have been no changes in any of the regulatory issues, no changes with any of our contracts. This is purely a decision where we saw an opportunity to delay the implementation of capital to allow us to get free cash flow positive more quickly than we were. So we decided that we were going to take the step to do that. Because when we calculate it, we believe we can still meet all the commitments we made to the carbonate customers that we have under contract. So it’s all about free cash flow has nothing to do with anyway. Our relations with the government in Chile are fine.
Joel Jackson: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Rusch with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much. Can you tell us what you’re looking for from your customers or from the demand environment to think about reanimating these products? And then can you just update us in terms of your targeted return on capital? Are you looking at evolving that, or are looking for higher returns, as you see this market evolve and see the strategic moves play out a little bit more in advance?
Luke Kissam: We – for a return on invested capital, we still see for two times our weighted average cost of capital for return. That’s what that’s – and that’s always been the case and we continue to see that as our case. As what we’re looking for, for our customers at, if people are going to sell carbonate at the cash costs of that marginal producer, it doesn’t make sense for us to add new capacity and we won’t. We can because of our position in Chile, because of our cost position in Chile, we can still make very good margins at that level. But we don’t see the need to put new capacity in the ground. So it all comes down to what’s the pricing going to be, how’s that pricing going to be, how the contracts coming with the customers, what or how are those going to evolve over time, and those are all decisions that need to be made in the context of a company that needs to make a commitment to our stakeholders on free cash flow, which we’re doing.
Colin Rusch: Okay, great. And then just with the kind of changing trajectory here and the operating expenses, are you – is the organization right-size at this point, do you need to make any adjustments there?
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think as we look at – as we look out into 2020 and you start looking across our portfolio, we’ve been operating – bromine has grown almost double digits for three or four years in a row, that’s not happened before. And we can see some weakness in automotive, we can see some weakness in construction, as we talked about, we’ve been able to reallocate that bromine molecule to date at very successfully. So those continue to grow, but I don’t know how much longer that it’s practical to expect that business to grow at that. So we are undertaking in the second-half of the year of view of our overall cost in a way to try to reduce our overall cost and gain efficiencies going forward. And we’ll share more of that with you at our December Investor Day presentation.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Harrison with Seaport Global Securities. Your line is now open.
Michael Harrison: Hi, good morning.
Luke Kissam: Hey.
Michael Harrison: Luke, as you commented several times about this build versus buy decision that you could have looking out a few years when it comes to conversion capacity. Does this reflect the view that you think there’s going to be excess conversion capacity available when you might need it?
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think there’s excess conversion capacity available to date and there’s more coming online. So I think that it’s going to provide perhaps an opportunity for people that are interested in conversion assets. So as an integrated player with the best resources in the world, we believe that that could be an opportunity for us. And we are always mindful of making sure we’re getting the best return on the dollars we invest in that regard.
Michael Harrison: And then, wanted to actually ask you a question about Catalysts. Can you just maybe give a little bit of color on the changes in customer mix that you mentioned and the startup delays, maybe what’s causing them and how those play out in the second-half?
Raphael Crawford: Hey, Mike, this is Raphael. So in the second quarter, the mix in the second quarter was different, namely, we had a very strong second quarter in hydroprocessing catalyst in 2018, that is a refill, rebid – rebed business. So sometimes, those projects or those refills shift from one quarter to the next. And it just so happened that last year, we were very strong in hydroprocessing. With regard to FCC, as Scott had mentioned in his commentary, there are some delays in some projects that we have won, it is not a matter of if, but when. So we have – in 2019 – coming into 2019, we shed some low-priced, low-margin business to make room for those orders. Some of those have now been delayed. So that gives us a little bit of a gap in 2019. But we fully expect that we will have that business in 2020 and beyond. So fundamentally, FCC catalyst and catalyst overall in the refining space is very strong for Albemarle.
Michael Harrison: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chrish Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Christopher Kapsch: Yes, good morning. Thanks. Question probably for Eric, maybe, Luke. In your formal comments, you’d pointed to expectation that you’d see tighter supply demand in the industry in 2020. Just wondering if that’s just based on sort of top down math, are you seeing anything specifically from a bottoms up standpoint, either customer order patterns, inventory levels, anything that, any acceleration in demand that is pointing to that? If you could just characterize that, that would be appreciated?
Eric Norris: Hey, Chris, sure. It’s Eric here. So a couple of factors. One, demand is, as we said on prior questions, is continues to be strong, and we see it based on electric vehicle launches, commitments from EV producers to battery producers, we see that demand will continue to step up again in 2020 to a greater degree. We’ll give more specific guidance, but it’s consistent with our demand model that we articulated of 50,000 to 60,000 tons of this year and 1 million by 2025. So it’s a natural step up there. So that’s on the demand side. On the supply side, we are seeing a couple of projects on the resource side be delayed, take longer to come to market and/or under current economics, we believe may – maybe challenge to operate. And then finally, inventory, which has been a big factor in the marketplace this year, we believe, hard to quantify, a lot of it is in China. Within China, that’s largely been depleted, we think, from the supply chain, on the carbonate hydroxide side and what’s being in hands, it’s not outside of China. There continues to be some excess rock in inventory outside of China and Australia – in Australia and it continues to be some excess salt in some of the battery producers’ hands outside of China. So maybe the balance of this year that would be drawn down. And when you put that formula together, we see a pretty tight 2020.
Christopher Kapsch: Thanks for that color. And then my follow-up is really to the expansion curtailments. And really, the question is that strategic pivot, juxtaposed against a couple of your slides you’ve used in prior investor presentations regarding your lithium hydroxide and lithium carbonate that you have under contract over the 2021 and 2025 period? The question is, like it looks like this decision doesn’t influence those metrics on 2020 intended production, but this is really all about not having visibility on longer-term commitments from customers out to 2025. So could you just – is that one way to think about – maybe characterize the decision against those slides? Thank you.
Luke Kissam: Yes. So we made commitments to people out through 2025 in some instances. And in all these scenarios, we’re able to meet those commitments with capacity that we’ve announced and that we have under construction today. And we know what the price is on those and we’re able to calculate the return based on what that capital is going to be. But we’ll be able to meet everything that is under contract today. What we’re doing now, again, is driving to a free cash flow positive in 2021, with the ability to flex up, if necessary, to build or buy additional capacity, if the market demands it and if we have customers that are prepared to enter into contracts with us for those volumes that we will be producing. But we I don’t think it makes a whole lot of sense for us to build a lot of capacity, if we’re not going to have contracts that we can place against those, or and it doesn’t have to be the exact same contracts we have today. We just need to know within the range what that returns going to be and we can make a intelligent economic decision about what that’ll be. So if you see our long-term agreements change a little bit, all these agreements are a little bit different. What we’re looking for is – not a guarantee, but a surety of a return based upon the capital we put in the ground. But we’re going to meet our commitments to our customers, we have enough. But this is a pivot to make sure that we’re also focusing on free cash flow for our stakeholders, not just a potential for customers to come.
Christopher Kapsch: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dimitri Silverstein with Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Luke Kissam: [Multiple Speakers] How are you doing? Please go ahead.
Dimitri Silverstein: Hello, can you hear now? All right.
Luke Kissam: Yes, we can hear you now, buddy.
Dimitri Silverstein: Okay, great. Thanks. Thanks for taking my call. Quickly on the – you mentioned higher upfront payments that your vendors are requiring for the expanded capacity that you are undertaking. And that was one of the reasons that your CapEx is staying where it is. I’m just trying to understand sort of why? I mean, are they less – I mean, are they concerned about the rapid lithium expansion across the world by many players? I just want to make sure that you guys sort of serious about the – these longer-term orders?
Luke Kissam: No, Dimitri, this is Luke. It’s just a matter of the Australian market is heating up for construction. So you’re seeing a lot of activity in mine. You’re seeing a lot of activity in Australia, and they got a book of business that they – there is now, they’re kind of – they got a good market. I mean, they got a good seller’s market. And what they’re doing is, if you want to get in line for the time that we want to get in line in the shops, we had to pay more upfront to get that preferred space in line, so we could get it to the market when we said we would in that timeframe. So that’s all it is. And the cost didn’t – the overall cost didn’t change, it’s a matter of we have to pay a little bit more upfront sooner than we originally thought we would. That’s all it is. It’s just a market heat-up. It’s got nothing to do with Albemarle. It’s not – got nothing to do with lithium. In particular, it’s the construction market in Australia.
Dimitri Silverstein: Gotcha. Okay, that’s helpful, Luke. And then just as my follow up question on volume growth that you saw in the second quarter in lithium. I think, you talked about 3% volume growth. I mean, it doesn’t sort of jive well with the market that’s growing 60% or whatever the EV megawatt market – battery market is growing at. Was this constrained in your capacity that prevented you from delivering a better volume number, or is there something else going on, and that’s going to go away in the second-half and you’re going to get to the growth that is more reflective of what the EV market is growing at?
Eric Norris: Hey, Dimitri, this is Eric. So we’re selling everything we can make, right? We are ramping up Xinyu II that has natural limitations just on the ramp experience curve, and it has limitations on customer qualification. But I can tell you that both for that plant and for Chile, which was impacted in the first quarter by a rain event, everything we can make we can sell. Where we were limited in the first-half of the year on sales growth was opportunistic sales, that would be enabled by tolling of the spodumene capacity we have. That – those opportunistic sales are off contract by nature, given that they’re opportunistic. A lot of them given us half of the market in China is in China, all of them are in carbonate. And with the excess carbonate market with prices where they are in that $8 to $9 marginal cash cost range, we just – it doesn’t make sense economically for you to do that. So we pull back on that, we maximize the growth we can get from our internal assets. And what happens in the second-half of the year is, we get the full benefit of qualification at Xinyu II running to full ramp rates on Xinyu II, which is nameplate on that facility 20,000 tons. And the same on La Negra, both – the benefit of both units running at full tilt, as well as seasonally better brine. We have now opportunity to really recover from the headwinds we had from rains in the first quarter. And those are the factors that drive the comparison first to second-half.
Dimitri Silverstein: Gotcha. So there was a little bit of capacity constraint that that’s going to resolve itself in the second-half of the year. That’s what I wanted to make sure. Okay, thank you.
Operator: At this time, I’m showing no further questions. I’d like to turn the call back over to Mr. Dave Ryan for any closing remarks.
David Ryan: We just wanted to thank, everyone, for your questions and participation in today’s conference. As always, we appreciate your interest. And this concludes Albemarle’s second quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Albemarle's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dave Ryan, Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Dave Ryan: Thank you and welcome to Albemarle's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you will find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer, Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer, Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts, Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties and Eric Norris, President, Lithium. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call including about our outlook, expected company performance, production volumes, expansion projects and our proposed lithium hydroxide joint venture may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Luke.
Luke Kissam: Hi. Thanks Dave and good morning everybody. In the first quarter, Albemarle delivered adjusted diluted EPS of $1.23. Lithium volume in the first quarter was negatively impacted primarily by the rain event in Chile and delayed customer qualifications. Importantly, however, lithium pricing in the quarter was up 3% versus prior year. Catalyst and bromine specialties grew adjusted EBITDA by 5% and 12%, respectively, excluding divested businesses. Both businesses benefited from increases in volume and price. Turning to our strategic projects. We continue to make progress on our lithium hydroxide joint venture with Mineral Resources Limited. We have made the necessary regulatory filings and based on the current feedback, continue to expect the transaction to close in the second half of 2019. During April, we signed an interim market agreement with MRL that allows Albemarle to market any spodumene concentrate that is produced at the site prior to the closing of the joint venture. Our new 20,000 met ton Xinyu II lithium hydroxide facility continues to ramp production according to our original schedule. We are shifting from this expansion to customers who have completed their qualification process and have additional qualifications underway. We are on track for full qualification of Xinyu II material, all targeted accounts by the end of the third quarter of this year and expect to achieve a nameplate capacity run rate by year-end. In Chile, we expect to produce close to 40,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate from our two existing operating units in La Negra in 2019 despite the impact on production from the rain event in the Salar de Atacama, which occurred in the first quarter. Due to delays in the delivery of certain equipment, we now expect to commission the 40,000 metric ton lithium carbonate plant, La Negra III and IV, late in the fourth quarter of 2020 or in the first quarter of 2021. This will be followed by typical four to six month customer qualification process that would put the first meaningful sales volume around midyear 2021. In spite of this slight delay, we are confident in being able to meet our volume commitments under our long term agreements for lithium carbonate. In the Salar de Atacama, we have commenced a capital investment project, which is expected to improve our lithium yields in the Salar. Major equipment has been ordered. Earthwork should commence during the second quarter. And we are on track commission the project in the second half of 2021. This project will allow us to increase our lithium yields by as much as 30% without increasing the amount of brine being used, further ensuring the sustainability of the Salar de Atacama and increasing the flexibility of our operations. In Kemerton, Western Australia, work has started on our lithium hydroxide complex. Earthworks are well underway and contracts have been awarded for the major and long lead time equipment as well as for the engineering procurement and construction management for the project. The first phase will encompass three trains of 20,000 to 25,000 metric tons capacity a piece and expected to be commissioned in stages during the second half of 2021 and continuing into 2022. Finally, the expansion of Talison, our spodumene joint venture in Greenbushes, Australia, remains on schedule start up in June of this year. This expansion will result in the capability to produce about 160,000 metric tons on an LCE full year run rate basis with Albemarle's annual share being up to 80,000 metric tons. This spodumene will be our China and Australia conversion plants. Talison will tailor operations to meet the raw material demands of its two partners. Turning to demand for lithium for a minute. During the first quarter, global sales of electric vehicles were up almost 60% compared to 2018. Full battery electric vehicles contributed outsized growth increasing 75% year-over-year. All of this is against the backdrop where year-on-year global automotive sales declined by 6.5% during the same quarter. Regionally, Europe set a record for EV sales in March ending the quarter up 23% versus prior year, with most of that growth coming from the full electric segment. U.S. sales were up 11%. First quarter EV sales in China were more than double what they were during the same period of 2018. In addition, battery production remained strong. The Chinese National Bureau of Statistics reported that full year 2018 and first quarter 2019 lithium-ion battery production increased 13% and 8%, respectively, compared to the prior year. Year-on-year, the production of NMC cathode batteries was up more than 25% during the month of March alone. Overall, these demand signals were in line with what we see from our customers under our long term agreements, which support the continued secular growth in electric mobility and electric storage and the underlying strength of our businesses. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Tozier: Thanks Luke and good morning everyone. In the first quarter, Albemarle generated unadjusted U.S. GAAP net income of $134 million. Net sales grew 6% and adjusted diluted EPS by 4%, excluding foreign exchange and divested businesses, compared to 2018. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was a $1.23 for the quarter, which is up $0.01 compared to 2018 pro forma results including the currency impact. Earnings growth in bromine and catalysts segments contributed about $0.10 and a lower share count contributed about $0.06. The gains were mostly offset by lithium, which was about $0.09 unfavorable and foreign exchange, which was about $0.04 unfavorable, driven primarily by the strength of the U.S. dollar. Corporate costs in the first quarter were $36 million, driven in part by negative currency expense and planned increases in professional services. We do not expect the first quarter spending rate to continue. Given first quarter costs and our updated view on the rest of the year, 2019 corporate costs are now expected to range from $120 million to $130 million. Net cash from operations was about $55 million, down from last year impacted by lower EBITDA, lower dividend payments from our joint ventures and higher cash taxes compared to the first quarter. Operating working capital ended the quarter just under 28% of sales, an increase from the fourth quarter of 2018, primarily due to increased inventory of spodumene in the lithium segment in preparation for the ramp of the Xinyu II expansion in China and increased inventory in catalysts in preparation for orders in the second half of the year. Capital expenditures during the first quarter were $216 million, on track with expectations. With the ramp of spending on Kemerton, continued buildout of La Negra and the early stages of the Salar yield improvement project, we continue to expect full year CapEx to range between $800 million and $900 million. Now let me move on to the business performance. Lithium ended the first quarter with sales of $292 million and adjusted EBITDA of $116 million. On a year-over-year basis, pricing was up 3%, benefiting from our long term agreement structure. Volume, however was down 3% versus prior year, primarily due to the impact of the rain events in the Salar. The adjusted EBITDA margin was solid at 40% and reflects the higher mix of carbonate sourced from toll manufacturers. Bromine specialties generated sales of almost $250 million and adjusted EBITDA of $79 million, up 10% and 12%, respectively, compared to the first quarter 2018. Adjusted EBITDA margin improved slightly year-on-year to about 32% as a result of higher sales prices and operating rates, partially offset by increased raw material prices. The increased volume was primarily driven by sales of clear brine fluids used for completion of offshore oil wells and sales of certain brominate derivatives used in the production of polymer resins. The market for flame retardants remained solid, particularly in electronics. First quarter catalyst sales of about $252 million increased by 8% compared to 2018, excluding divested businesses. Adjusted EBITDA was $60 million, up 5% from 2018. Growth was driven by our refining catalyst products, due to order timing of hydroprocessing catalysts and low single-digit price increases in fluid catalytic cracking or FCC catalysts, partially offset by a slight volume decline in FCC. Looking forward to the rest of the year. Lithium remains a volume story. Global demand remains in line with our expectations. As we discussed last quarter, we are starting to see some excess lithium carbonate in China coming from the nonintegrated spodumene converters. This is pulling short term carbonate pricing down. And for now, we have decided to forgo some opportunistic sales of total lithium carbonate in China until pricing improves. Our strategic customers in general continue to reflect healthy demand based on their current order pattern and continue to meet volume and pricing commitments under the terms of our long term agreements. Adding all this together, we now expect year-over-year volume growth of 15,000 to 20,000 metric tons and an adjusted EBITDA growth rate in the high teens. Note that we expect the second half to be notably stronger than the first due to the Xinyu production ramp and the brine improvements in Chile. Bromine had a strong start to the year and the current backlog of orders is healthy. With our improving outlook for the second half, we now expect full year bromine adjusted EBITDA growth in the mid to high single digits on a percentage basis. Our full year flat outlook on catalysts is unchanged. Shipments continue to be weighted to the second half with third quarter expected to be the strongest of the year. In rounding our commentary on our businesses, the fine chemistry services business, which is reported under the other segment, is beginning to show signs of recovery. We remain cautious. However, we believe this business now has the potential to deliver full-year adjusted EBITDA of around $25 million. For the total company, we are reaffirming the full year guidance. We expect pro forma net sales growth in the range of 9% to 15%. We expect overall corporate adjusted EBITDA margins of around 30%. And this would result in adjusted diluted earnings per share of between $6.10 and $6.50, a pro forma growth rate of 16% over 2018 at the midpoint. We expect the second quarter of 2018 to be about equal to the second quarter 2018 and the second half to be stronger than the first. As always, normal fluctuations in our business could have an impact on those quarterly results. I am excited about our progress in growing lithium capacity and earnings and the efforts of bromine and catalyst to generate increasing cash flow to fund that growth. These efforts, which are consistent with our strategy, continue to position us to benefit from the tremendous growth in the lithium market for decades to come. Now I will turn it back to back over to Dave.
Dave Ryan: Operator, we are now ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before doing so, I would like to remind everyone to please limit questions to two per person to ensure that all participants have a chance to ask questions. Then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups, if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Robert Koort from Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Robert Koort: Thanks. Luke, I was wondering if you could talk, there has been I guess some angst around what's going on in pricing in China. You guys alluded to maybe doing some less tolling and opportunistic sales. Can you talk about your contract integrity of sales in China and then outside of China and maybe just review for us once again the balance and approach on that contracting in lithium? Thanks.
Luke Kissam: Yes. I will let Eric talk a little bit about what he has seen specifically in China and then as a high level I will talk a little bit about the contracts.
Eric Norris: So Bob, this is Eric. In China, we are seeing pricing falling to what we would consider the cash cost of the high cost nonintegrated spodumene converters. So that price is one which, when we take Talison rock and convert it through a toller to carbonate, the economics just don't make sense. And so, as Scott alluded to in his prepared remarks, that's the volume we are pulling out of, let's say, opportunistic volume. That volume was either one of two kinds. It was either a variable price piece to an existing customer where we have a fixed price contract already in China and we have several of those. Or it was to a new prospective account that we would be developing for future growth, who we do not have a contract with that is of course anchoring their expectations on that price. So if you look at it long term, okay, I think this quarter has been a quarter that shows the strength of our long term agreements. We have had the fixed pricing and the minimum volumes that we have had in the contracts. All of our customers have held to those. They have taken their minimum commitments. And they have held to that minimum pricing for that we had. As you can see, our pricing was up 3% year-over-year when a number of other lithium companies were talking about price being down year-over-year. So again, this strategy is one that we thought through to shave off the highs and the lows and to get a quality return on what we invested. So we feel good about that strategy and they are long enough now that we have these contracts. The bulk of our carbonate spoken for under these long term contracts through the end of 2021. And we have the bulk of our carbonate spoken all away through -- sorry and the bulk of hydroxide, I apologize Bob, spoken through the end of 2025 at prices. So we feel very good about where we are in our ability and the respect and the legal significance that are given these contracts.
Robert Koort: And then Luke, if I might ask, you mentioned or Eric you mentioned that you thought maybe a nonintegrated producer in China is at breakeven. You pulled some of your own tons out of that market through the tollers using Talison which is, I believe, far and away the lowest cost. So does that mean we should start to see, would you expect to see some of these nonintegrated independent companies pulling back production? And is what they are selling in that market different than what you are selling from a quality standpoint? Or is it fungible? Thanks.
Eric Norris: Let me answer the last question first. It's kind of all over the board. It depends on the converter and their track record. So some is higher quality carbonate, some is lower. But to your point around cost structure, yes. Once you remove toller margin, right, because obviously the tollers we work with are earning a profit, the Talison converted product is going to be the lowest cost product in the marketplace, no doubt. With the toller margin though, that's what gets us close to being not profitable at current market prices and why we have pulled out. It is possible, certainly, that this could have a constraint on high cash cost producers. We will have to wait and see.
Luke Kissam: And Bob, I would tell you one thing. Remember, our margins, what we committed, it was going to have overall 40% margins. And there are plenty of people, there are some people out there in China who are willing to operate at cash cost and making cash. We are not. And the people that we committed to and that have committed to us, worked through the high pricing, through the low pricing of whatever the market may bring, we are going to be consistent with those prices. We are going to meet our commitments and they are meeting their commitments as well. So we feel good about it.
Robert Koort: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Roberts from UBS. You may begin.
Josh Spector: Hi guys. This is Josh Spector, on for John. Just a question, if you could provide some additional information around the delay in qualification of Xinyu II, I guess, particularly impacted the first quarter? Just trying to mesh together what you guys saw relative to competitors and some of that cathode producers in terms of timing and longer term versus near term impacts?
Eric Norris: Hi Josh. This is Eric Norris. I am going to refer to the comment Luke made. Qualification times for a company like ourselves that has using an existing plant or expanding a new brownfield next to it has an established track record with a cathode producers, that's a four to six months qualification process. We brought Xinyu II up in November, December timeframe. So we are always bucking up against that timeframe, right. And we were able to get certain customers qualified in time to get the product out by the end of March and make that buying in the quarter and now we didn't. So it's really just playing at the clock.
Luke Kissam: And I think that also speaks to the confidence that those long term customers have in the relationship we have with them. As they cut actually in the first quarter, cut some of their, at least one or two of them did cut that qualification time a little short. So we got that volume in for a piece of their work, but not for all of it. So I think we were trying to be a little more aggressive thinking they could shorten the qualification time across the board. And just at the higher end, quality for those long EV batteries, they weren't able to do that or weren't willing to do that. But we have done, it continues on schedule for qualifications and there are no issues. It was just a matter of, we thought we could get it tighter than what the traditional qualification would have been.
Josh Spector: So this, in your view, in terms of what you are seeing for the higher quality hydroxide product, are you seeing any customers pushback some of the order timing? Or any indications of different demand patterns? It seems like what you saw at Xinyu, you expect to be at full rates later this year, which seems to be, I think, a bit different from what we hear from others.
Luke Kissam: Yes. So, nobody is pushing back on their order pattern from what we had expected for this year for our major customers. And what we said that we will ramp in toward full capacity on a run rate basis. So in other words, we won't produce 20,000 metric tons out of Xinyu II this year, but by the end of the year, we will be operating at a run rate basis that would equal 20,000 tons if we ramp of the full year. There is a little bit of difference there. So you understand what I am saying?
Josh Spector: Yes. Got it. Makes sense. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research. You may begin.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning. Luke, nice to see the positive 3% on lithium pricing. Can you talk to what you are seeing with regard to mix? And what is your level of confidence that you can sustain the positive pricing throughout the course of 2019?
Eric Norris: Kevin, so this is Eric again. Our volumes are, as you know, under long term contracts. So the vast majority of our carbonate volumes and even almost all of our hydroxide volumes under long term contracts with fixed prices and the have a floor associated with them. So our mix is going to be representative of the production mix we talked about. It is going to be close to 30,000 tons roughly of hydroxide and 40,000 tons of carbonate that we are putting into the market on a rounded basis and are confident to being able to sell that at current prices that we are seeing in the first quarter. It is very high going forward.
Luke Kissam: And then Kevin, if you remember, on the last call, we said that we thought pricing will be, for lithium for the full year, will be flat to inflationary. That's still what we expect. What you are seeing at three quarter and the first quarter that 3% in the first quarter, some of it is that some of the price increases in 2018 didn't hit all the way in the first quarter. It was staggered through the year. So you are seeing a little bit of that also in the first quarter 2019. But we still expect it is going to be flat to inflationary for the year.
Kevin McCarthy: Great. And then secondly, I was wondering if you could discuss or elaborate in terms of what you are seeing on the evolution of cathode technology. There has been some discussion that the move to high nickel systems is taking a little bit longer than anticipated. Are you observing that? And if so, does it have any appreciable impact on your business, either positive or negative?
Luke Kissam: So Kevin, we can't account for what other folks' projection would be about demand and mix of demand. Things aren't falling as we thought they were. We discussed in our last conference call where we are seeing 2019 unfolding largely as we predicted a couple of months ago and we are seeing no pullback from the forecasted high nickel demand that we anticipated to see. Now it's fair to say that that's largely an NCA market and secondarily on the NMC side, a 622 market, which has a partial amount of hydroxide in it. But NCA, as you know, is all hydroxide. We have never put a big bet on near term on 811. We think it is an attractive chemistry long term. But there is quite a few processing technologies that you can put in place to improve the economics of manufacturing 811, which we anticipate will take a number of years to put in place.
Kevin McCarthy: That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. You may begin.
Adam Bubes: Hi. Adam Bubes, on here for Laurence. As you talk with your partners in the value chain, I was wondering how DO you see stationary storage evolving? Are the specs any less rigorous than electrical vehicles? And how do potential volume commitments differ?
Eric Norris: Well, so you mean, for grid storage, energy storage systems? This is Eric speaking.
Adam Bubes: Yes. Just to clarify.
Eric Norris: Yes. So, we see a market that and we forecasted this a couple of months ago there is maybe 60,000 ton market going forward and it is not a big part of what is sold today. It is included in and part of the long term contracts we do. The Koreans and the Japanese and I believe the Chinese as well, although I can speak more directly to the first two, have volumes of our products that are sold and used in grid storage applications. And so, we monitor it carefully. It's an intriguing market. But we don't see it being the driver that EV market will be.
Adam Bubes: Okay. Thanks. And my second question, I was wondering what your view on bromide derivatives was? And if demand stabilizes in Asia, should margins expand?
Luke Kissam: Yes. I will turn that to Netha.
Netha Johnson: Good morning Adam. This is Netha. What we are seeing is basically a stable demand for flame retardants through the second half of the year. There is really an increased opportunity for our clear brine fluids in the oil and gas market based on offshore rig count increasing. So what we have done when we projected in our guidance forward is we basically removed the risk we had in the second half and projected that going forward to the mid single digit for the full year.
Adam Bubes: Okay. Thanks. Very helpful.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. You may begin.
Robin Fiedler: Hi. This is Robin, on for Joel. Thanks for taking my questions. So my first is, so we have seen publicly available export data out of Chile. It's showing sequential carbonate price reductions in the past couple of months. I know you mentioned in your prepared remarks that there is some carbonate price weakness from spodumene supply pressures. But can you talk a little bit about the Chilean export price dynamic and how that might impact Q2 lithium EBITDA specifically?
Eric Norris: Yes. So I am not sure what data you are looking at out of Chile. But what I would say is, the way we go to market, that's a transfer price from Chile, from our Chile entity to a U.S. entity that then turns and sells to the products. So you did not view the Albemarle export data as the final product that we sell to the customer at that price, okay. So then if we look at carbonate longer term, what we said is, in Asia, there has been some pressure on carbonate pricing in the first quarter, largely due to some excess spodumene that the converters have over there. If they are able to convert and they are willing to sell at a lower price than what we have seen over the last couple years, that will over time dry up. The market will continue, as we always have said, the market will relatively balanced through here to 2025, but there will be pockets where you have oversupply, pockets where you have undersupply. And what we are seeing right now is a pocket, where particularly for carbonate in many of the non-EV uses we are seeing some downward pressure because of this excess carbonate. But I think long term, the market is going to remain in balance. And in fact, some of that carbonate is going to have to convert to hydroxide demand or we will not have enough hydroxide capacity to meet the demand for these battery makers on that chemistry over the long term.
Robin Fiedler: That's helpful. Thanks. And then just a quick follow-up in that. Are you able to provide Q2 lithium EBITDA guidance on a year-over-year basis?
Eric Norris: No. Not more than what Scott said in his prepared remarks.
Robin Fiedler: Okay. No problem. And just one last question for me. Can you give us an update on the construction timeline at Wodgina? It seems like the first line is on schedule and commissioning now. Are the second and third line is still expected sometime this summer? And can you elaborate on the market agreement that's now in place and how that might impact LPs received volumes from Wodgina for this year? Thank you.
Luke Kissam: Well, that's lot of questions for one follow-up. So let me try to address the marketing agreement. What will the market agreements says is that we have the right to sell spodumene that's produced out of that site during the full year. We are getting MRL was on schedule on train one. We will get qualification samples out. We are in the middle of marketing some of that spodumene. And we will sell that spodumene at attractive prices. But we are certainly not in a position or thinking about operating that wide open and then sell it. We are going to sell it to meet the demand and that's it.
Robin Fiedler: Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov from Nomura Instinet. You may begin.
Matt Skowronski: Hi. Good morning. This is Matt Skowronski, on for Aleksey. If you were to see a downturn in demand for hydroxide, would you consider slowing down your investment?
Luke Kissam: Yes.
Matt Skowronski: Thank you. And you mentioned that your outlook for bromine is driven by improving demand in second half conditions. How good are your visibility into the orders? And what kind of gives you confidence that this pickup will occur? Is it flame retardants? Is it anything else?
Luke Kissam: Netha?
Netha Johnson: Hi. This is Netha. We have pretty good visibility into the orders. We analyze our backlog extensively. And we are essentially sold out. So we are in a good position to feel good about the orders we have and our ability to produce and deliver those orders. What we had in there was just a slight risk based on economics in the second half that we removed which improved our outlook for the year.
Matt Skowronski: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar from Citi. You may begin.
Dan Jester: Yes. Hi. Dan Jester, on for P.J. Just another one on bromine, if we could dive in a little bit deeper. It sounds like ht mix of sales is going to change a little bit as the year progresses. How does that affect margin and the margin outlook? Thanks.
Netha Johnson: This is Netha again. I don't know if you mix is going to change, per se. We had risk built into the second half based on economic conditions we were seeing. Those are looking a little bit better now. So we removed that risk. But our fundamental sales mix shouldn't change throughout the year. Margins should be as we forecasted.
Dan Jester: Got you. Thank you. And then on catalysts, you had a little bit of margin pressure over the last couple of quarters. Can you just comment what's driving that and how you think 2019 evolves? Thank you.
Raphael Crawford: So this is Raphael. So we are looking at 2019 to be essentially flat year-over-year on an adjusted EBITDA basis. There certainly are mix effects that occur from year-to-year, depending on how much hydroprocessing versus FCC business. But I would say, on the whole, the business is strong. It continues to follow the macro trends of need for chemicals fuels and clean chemicals in fuel. So we feel confident in the future outlook for the business.
Dan Jester: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Luke, just on the carbonate excess in China. How long do you think this will last? Is it a matter of months or quarters or something like that?
Luke Kissam: Yes. It's hard to say, David, because it depends so much about how many third people eye it. But I would expect that you are going to see it through the year. I think you are going to see it through the year. My bet is, this is going to start, you are going to see pricing start picking up toward year-end. But it's very, very difficult to say. It depends upon so many third parties and what they may be doing and you can't control all that. So that's what I will say. Eric?
Eric Norris: Yes. I would just add, David, that we haven't talked a lot about supply. Supply, our expectations as compared to where we were three months ago on supply are very different. South America production is going to be nearly flat year-on-year once you consider the broad impacts of rains that impacted all producers, we believe. Some have probably talked about it, including ourselves and SQM's outlook for production this year. You then turn and look at the other side of the world in spodumene production, it's taking longer for some to get to market and we would expect that the economic values being achieved by the time it's converted to a carbonate salt, is not sufficient to drive a lot more interest in putting more capacity to market. So will it last the year? I am not going to contradict Luke's comment at all. But I think we need to look at, on a long term on multiyear basis, the impact of the supply and what we are seeing. And therefore we see supply going out beyond this year being a lot more balanced with demand.
David Begleiter: Very good. And just on looking at the Wodgina spodumene. How should we be thinking about that being marketed in relation to perhaps some of your additional Talison volumes as well being marketed in China?
Luke Kissam: Yes. So remember, Talison, we do not market that rock in Talison, except for the technical grade. And so that would go into things like glasses and ceramics and thing such as that. And Tianqi markets within China and we market outside of China for that technical grade. But our battery grade has to be converted by the partners. So we don't, Talison does not sell spodumene rock to be converted into battery grade by either one of the parties, anyone in the world. It is simply a raw material source for Tianqi and Albemarle.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Luke Kissam: And we are going to market the Wodgina rock to meet the demand. If the demand is not there, we won't run the plant. So if demand is there, we will run it to meet that demand that we can sell and get a profit on it.
David Begleiter: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Ben Kallo from Baird. You may begin.
Ben Kallo: Hi Thanks and good morning. So first, can you talk about maybe just conversations in out years and how that looks particularly in carbonate for new contracts? And then I want to talk about capital allocation. First of all, maybe if you could talk about where you stand on your buyback and what your thoughts are there? And then second, just with the agreement with MRL, how you are viewing valuations out there in the private market? It looks like public markets hate lithium right now. But I am wondering what the implications are on the private market for either new project startups that need capital or any type of M&A activity out there from a private market perspective and what that does to supply and demand? Thanks.
Luke Kissam: Okay. First of all, from a buyback standpoint, our buyback is already closed out. We closed that last one that we did. We closed out last year. Right, Scott?
Scott Tozier: Yes. That's correct. The end of December we finished that buyback. So we are complete.
Luke Kissam: Okay. And then I am going to ask, if you talk about carbonate to his question for the year and the contract?
Eric Norris: So Ben, help me clarify, what was your specific question? How does carbonate look versus start-up?
Ben Kallo: Yes. As you look out to 2022 and beyond, how are those discussions going? Are they active or are people pausing to look how the market is? And how do you look at pricing there too?
Eric Norris: Okay. So let me first point out you didn't ask, which is through 2021 and we have got charts we have put out over the past few quarters, we are 80% contracted out through that period of time on carbonate, which hits our target exactly. I will be candid, there are not a lot of discussions in the current market about contracts. We don't have any contracts that need to renew that are going to renew this year or next of any material size. And as a result, given where pricing is and given the expectation of how we think the supply and demand relationship will play out, we are engaging in those discussions in due course, but not imminently.
Luke Kissam: And Ben, you asked about valuations. What I would say is, if it's a resource, the valuations even in the private side, the ask is still pretty steep from a resource standpoint, where there may be some opportunities are in a conversion asset. And then you look at that as, obviously we have got some capital projects as a build your own versus buy. But from a resource standpoint, some of the valuations, some of the better valuations -- I am sorry, some of the better resources, I apologize, are still have pretty high valuations.
Ben Kallo: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch from Loop Capital Markets. You may begin.
Chris Kapsch: Yes. Good morning. So if you look at lithium pricing, there has been, maybe not historically, but more recently, there has been a premium for hydroxide pricing vis-à-vis carbonate pricing. And that premium has been compressing. I am just wondering if you could comment on where do you think the endpoints is there? How do you see that playing out? And does that affect your business and outlook?
Eric Norris: Okay. So this is Eric. So let me start with the last question first. From our standpoint, you know and I indicated earlier, we are largely completely, nearly sold out for hydroxide. So it is not going to affect our pricing this year or for years to come, we believe. Our pricing is fixed at prices that are just a bit higher as witnessed in the first quarter than last year this time. And we expect to be largely flat for the balance of the year. And if the market improves, there might be an opportunity for us to increase some of these contracts. but we have the floor in all of these contracts. So as to your question about what's going on in the broader market. Well, there are different kinds of quality of hydroxide, right. The hydroxide is sold broadly for the grease applications or even for certain lower energy dense applications LFP, may not be at the same standard of quality that's used in high nickel chemistries and we see that as a result, if you look at some the relationships with the large battery producers, that's where only a few people can play in these high nickel chemistries including Albemarle. So there is a tow-tier market. The compression though of the spread, back to what we consider more normal spread of about $1.50 to $2, which has happened between carbonate and hydroxide has been largely about of there being some excess hydroxide from other producers that aren't under long term contracts. That's largely in China that's driven back in line.
Chris Kapsch: Okay. That color is helpful. And then my follow-up is, one of the things that's contributed to the angst, if you will, has been the unexpected magnitude of the Chinese subsidy change for EVs. And obviously that subsidy has been known to be going to zero in the relatively near term. But nonetheless, that seems to inform some patterns. I am just wondering, how you see that influencing your business? There is some discussion that this change gives a longer tail to LFP. I am not sure that was ever going away given the relevance in e-buses for LFP and so forth. But maybe you could just comment on effects from that the changing Chinese EV subsidies? Thanks.
Eric Norris: Right. So again, I would agree with you that it might favor longer some of the chemistries other than high nickel chemistries. With the more rapid drop in subsidizing some of the longer range vehicles, when I see more movement in cost to LFP to getting range with larger, less dense energy batteries. So that's a possibility. In our case, if you look at our product mix, that's neither good nor bad news, right, as long as the growth is there. And the first quarter illustrates that the growth is still there. We play in carbonate and hydroxide. And then finally, for us, we have always noted that our mix of business is more buyers outside than inside China. So while it does impact our business, this growth in EVs in China certainly, we are more tied to what happens globally with electric vehicles.
Chris Kapsch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Colin Rusch from Oppenheimer. You may begin.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much guys. As you look at the rapid evolution of battery chemistries, what are seeing in terms of need for incremental R&D spend for your internal efforts to keep up with the chemistries that folks need?
Luke Kissam: Yes. This is Luke Kissam. I think where we are in our spending today is about where we need to be. We are not going to invent the next battery. What is important for us is to understand where our customers are going, so that we can take whatever they are doing, be sure that we have either the lithium metal, the lithium carbonate, the lithium hydroxide or whatever other derivative lithium might be to apply to their situation. So it's less of a development and more of an application. And we have, over the last three or four years built up that expertise so that we are able meet those demands. And I don't see our need to increase R&D any further than the kind of levels that we have it today in order to successfully meet the changing and evolving demands of the markets.
Colin Rusch: Great. And then just on the contracting. Has anyone come back and tried to renegotiate prices lower and had to put off or refused to take volumes at this point?
Luke Kissam: We are constantly having conversations with our customers. So I am not aware of anything where a customer has come back and said we need to sit down and have a discussion about price right now. I am just not aware that in this quarter. Maybe a small customer on edge is, certainly the major customers know. Certainly the major customers know.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison from KeyBanc. You may begin.
Mike Sison: Hi guys. In terms of 2Q, I think you noted earnings to be flat year-over-year. Can you maybe give us directional feel for the segments? And then what do you think needs to happen to get that better second half?
Luke Kissam: Yes. This is Luke. Let me take the second question first. The better second half is EV. From a lithium standpoint, it is Xinyu full qualification and ramping that production up. And it's the Chile brine, having the better brine, getting through that rain event, having enough brine to feed the plants to operate it at high capacity. It's operating. Can we operate Xinyu a little better than we have in the forecast? And then it comes down to continued strength of bromine. We have got another well coming online in bromine. And then we got big orders, you know the hydrotreating catalyst business is very little bit lumpy business. And if you look right now, the third and fourth quarter are big quarters for hydrotreating catalyst. Right now, we believe it is going to be a really big third quarter because of that. But those HPC orders always have a tendency to slight a little bit. So it's the second half. But that's what gives us confidence in the big second half. It's not a lot of price built-in across our portfolio for those. It's really all about the additional volume, the additional qualifications and the way the order patterns are set in HPC catalysts.
Mike Sison: Great. And then on 2Q, just by segment?
Luke Kissam: Scott?
Scott Tozier: Yes. Mike, this is Scott. So as you look at Q2, we are expecting that bromine catalysts, even fine chemistry will be sequentially similar to Q1. And the growth that we see sequentially is really all coming from lithium. And so that's kind of how you look at it. And the big driver there, if you look on a year-over-year basis, while catalyst is going to have this big Q3, on a year-over-year basis it's actually going to be down in the second quarter. So you will see you growth. That's the dynamic that you have got to take into account as well.
Mike Sison: Got it. And then just as a follow-up. You rattled off some pretty strong growth outlook for early first quarter for global sales for EV. Can you maybe give us your thoughts for the full year and what you see or what you are hearing in terms of global EV sales for 2019 versus 2018?
Luke Kissam: Yes. I would expect the EV sales to continue on the trajectory that you have seen from 2016 to 2017 and 2017 to 2018 and 2018 to 2019 is what I would say. We don't see any evidence from the order pattern of our big customers or from what we are seeing in the models that are being rolled out by the EV makers or by the automotive OEMs that are going to change that direction. You still are going to see continued growth in the EV sector in 2019. I don't know what that number is going to be. But I think you will see a continuing trend of what we have seen in the past.
Mike Sison: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jim Sheehan from SunTrust. You may begin.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you. Good morning. In terms of the earnings shortfall that you announced, I think on March 28, you listed three buckets of classes for that. Could you give us the size of each of the buckets please?
Scott Tozier: Yes. This is Scott, Jim. So as look at, I am going to put them into two buckets. The first one is the rain event in Chile and it's about 50% of the shortfall that's coming from that and 50% was coming from the qualifications. The qualification delays. If you remember, we actually had qualification delays on Xinyu II as well as on the toll carbonate that we talked about and you can split those about 50-50 as well. So that's kind of 25% from toll carbonate delays, 25% from Xinyu II, 50% from the carbonate out of Chile.
Jim Sheehan: Great. And on CapEx, you talked about your expectations for this year. What do you expect CapEx to look like in 2020 and 2021?
Luke Kissam: Yes. It's going to be roughly the same. We will give you an update on that. But if I was modeling that right now, it would be roughly the same, assuming that we still have the good demand that we are seeing. If we don't have that demand from the customers, if we got issues with customers, we will certainly pull it back. But as of right now, the demand we are seeing from our customers would necessitate those investments and would give us the return on those investments as well.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison from Seaport Global. You may begin.
Mike Harrison: Hi. Good morning. I was wondering if you can give a little bit more detail on the lithium yield increase project in Chile. It sounds like you are moving forward on that. I believe last we heard, you have had some success, kind of at the lab or pilot scale, but maybe there were some concerns in scaling up to the commercial level. So what's changed there? And are you confident that that technology is going to be ready for prime time?
Luke Kissam: Yes. This is Luke. We are very confident. It worked at the lab quite well. It also worked in pilot scale from brines in the Salar that we ran it through. It's not new equipment. It's known equipment. There's not any specially made pieces of equipment or things like that. So we feel confident in our ability to execute this project. It allows for us to achieve about a 30% increase in the yield of the lithium from the same amount of brine being pumped in the Salar. So it's good for the Salar. It gives us a lot of unit flexibility and preservation of capital going forward. So that's the best place in the world to make lithium derivatives. So we are excited about that ability and we are moving forward. We expect to commission that sometime in 2021, I believe.
Mike Harrison: All right. And then I was also wondering, well, if you can talk a little bit about what you are seeing in HPC demand ahead of the IMO 2020 regulations kicking in? Are you starting to see some ability to capture additional hydrotreating capacity? Is that really what's driving the Q3, Q4? Or can you maybe just talk about what the ramp looks like during this year?
Raphael Crawford: Sure, Mike. That's a piece of it. We generally see a tightening of sulfur specs around the world beyond the efforts of the IMO. But there is a part of Q3, which is really our customers gearing up for the increase in demand for low-sulfur diesel fuel for blending, low-sulfur fuels in general. So to that end, we are starting to see a positive impact for HPC because of IMO 2020. As Luke had mentioned, it is a lumpy business. So some of what we are seeing in growth in Q3 is a function of just timing of rebids from existing customers and the opportunities that we have.
Mike Harrison: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets. You may begin.
Arun Viswanathan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to ask about the MRL investment. Could you characterize the kind of the return profile there? And if it has changed at all given some of the pricing action that you have seen? And if you [indiscernible] there, I guess.
Scott Tozier: Yes. Arun, this is Scott. So as you look at one of the impacts around the returns is going to be the spodumene sales that we have in the short term. And obviously with the pullback in spodumene pricing, we will see a little bit of an impact there. Fortunately, hydroxide is the big driver of returns. I mean, that dynamic hasn't changed. That's going to be all marketed under our long-term contracts. So we still feel very good about the returns.
Luke Kissam: Yes. This is Luke. From an MRL standpoint, this is a great partnership to combine the mining expertise they have with the lithium hydroxide expertise that we have. And we are not buying this for this quarter or for the next quarter, but for the next 20 years to be able to drive the returns. And we are still confident in those returns over that period of time and we feel good about the deal.
Arun Viswanathan: Okay. Thanks. And just as a quick follow-up. If you think about what's going on in China, has there been any impact on demand, I guess, shorter term from destocking or any kind of macro concerns or pressures?
Eric Norris: Arun, hi, it's Eric. That's a good question. And as you know, China is a very opaque market and hard to tell. My theory and we discussed it, I discussed with my business team, is there's probably a level of destocking only because we can look at prior years and see that there was a high level of buying above demand, we believe, for feedstocks. In a market like this, if you are cash based, if you are running your business for cash, you have all that working capital on hand, you may exhaust it. It's just a theory. Hard to know, for sure. And maybe part of the aggravating factor as to why prices are where they are. But that's just a theory at the time being and hard to prove.
Arun Viswanathan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I would like to turn the call back to Dave Ryan for closing remarks.
Dave Ryan: Okay. I would like to thank everyone for your questions and participation in today's conference. We always appreciate your interest and this concludes the third quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q4 2018 Albemarle Corporation earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. David Ryan, Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
David Ryan: Thank you and welcome to Albemarle's fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you will find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer, Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer, Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts, Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties and Eric Norris, President, Lithium. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call including our outlook, expected company performance, production volumes, expansion projects and proposed lithium hydroxide joint venture may constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Before I turn the call over to Luke, I would like to remind you that we closed on the divestiture of our polyolefin catalysts and components business on April 3, 2018. This business was part of our reported results in the catalyst segment. For simplicity in comparison of our results and guidance for 2019, all adjusted results and comparisons will be stated on a pro forma basis, excluding results from that divestiture. Please see our earnings presentation for more information on these excluded results. Now, I will turn the call over to Luke.
Luke Kissam: Thanks Dave and good [indiscernible] The fourth quarter marked our ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year EBITDA growth ending what was the most profitable year in the history of Albemarle. In 2018, net sales were up 13%, adjusted EBITDA up 17% and adjusted EPS up 23% versus the prior year on a pro forma basis. All of our reported segments contributing with each delivering double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth on a percentage basis. And our EBITDA margin for the year was right at 30%, highlighting the quality of our businesses. 2018 was also another step forward in the four-pronged strategy that we laid out at our 2017 Investor Day. As you can see on pages five and six of our earnings presentation, we continued to make progress in each of our focus areas. Lithium delivered 19% year-over-year adjusted EBITDA growth in 2018 and our major capital investments in lithium remain on track to ensure that growth continues well into the future. We addressed some debottlenecks on La Negra II during the year and we are able operate near nameplate rates by year-end. In 2019, we expect to produce close to 40,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate at La Negra in spite of the significant rain event in the Salar de Atacama in January and February of this year that will cost us about 3,000 metric tons of production in 2019, all of which will occur in the first half. La Negra III and IV, which will increase lithium carbonate capacity in Chile to a total of 85,000 metric tons, remains on track to begin commissioning in 2020. In Xinyu, China, we achieved mechanical completion and started commissioning activities at the 20,000 metric ton lithium hydroxide expansion taking our total China capacity to 35,000 metric tons annually. Earlier this year, we shipped battery grade qualification samples from Xinyu and that team has exceeded each commissioning milestone to-date. While it's still early, we expect this site to meet its production goals for 2019. In January, we began the site work related to the lithium hydroxide complex in Kemerton, Western Australia. This complex, which should be the largest lithium hydroxide complex in the world when fully built out, will use spodumene concentrate from Talison as a feedstock. The first phase of the complex will be three trains of 20,000 to 25,000 metric tons capacity each with the ability to add two additional trains over time if market demands require such additional capacity. The commissioning of this site is expected to start in stages during the second half of 2021 and continuing into 2022. Finally, the expansion of Talison, our spodumene joint venture in Greenbushes, Australia remains on schedule to be commissioned in the second quarter of 2019. That expansion will result in a total production of about 160,000 metric tons on an LCE per year run rate basis with Albemarle's annual share being 80,000 metric tons on an LCE basis. Each of our other businesses maximized their returns in 2018. Bromine and catalysts delivered double-digit percent year-on-year adjusted EBITDA growth on a pro forma basis and provided the cash flow needed to fund the capital expansions in lithium. The tetrabrome expansion which came online at JBC mid-year in 2018 provides low-cost production flexibility between our JBC and Magnolia sites. This expansion will also enable us to manage bromine allocation and derivative production more efficiently and profitably. Additionally, on January 1, we successfully implemented the first of four deployments of a new global ERP platform. This platform will be fully implemented by year-end and will give us the tools to be much more efficient and effective in our end-to-end business processes. We continue to assess our portfolio of business and other resource opportunities. In April, we closed on the sale of our polyolefin catalysts and components business to W.R. Grace. In December, we exercised an $18 million option to acquire 100% ownership of a lithium brine resource in Antofalla, Argentina. We believe this asset has the potential to be the largest lithium resource in Argentina. We also completed a drilling program at our hard rock site in Kings Mountain, North Carolina, to allow us to more fully characterize that opportunity. Both of these assets will be kept available for development in the future based upon market demand. Also in December, we signed a definitive agreement to form a lithium hydroxide joint venture with Mineral Resources Limited. We made the necessary regulatory filings and pending those approvals expect to close the transaction in the second half of 2019. This transaction will combine the mining and operational expertise of MRL with our lithium hydroxide production and marketing expertise. Albemarle will have exclusive marketing rights for all spodumene and lithium hydroxide produced by the joint venture. This will allow Albemarle to continue to support our customers' growth under our long-term agreements with increased volumes and provides for an effective channel to market for this capacity addition. Finally, in 2018, we stayed committed to our disciplined capital allocation strategy. We increased our dividend to $145 million. We purchased a $0.5 billion worth of stock, invested $700 million in CapEx, primarily in pursuit of our lithium growth plan and still completed the year with a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.2 times. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Tozier: Thanks Luke and thank you everyone for joining the call this morning. As Luke said, 2018 was the most profitable year in the history of Albemarle with each business delivering growth in both volume and price for the year. We generated unadjusted U.S. GAAP net income of $130 million during the fourth quarter, bringing full-year 2018 net income to $694 million. This is up from $55 million in 2017. Net income during 2018 benefited from the growth of our businesses and the gain on the sale of the polyolefins and components business. 2017 was negatively impacted by the transition tax charge related to U.S. tax reform. We generated net sales growth of 11% and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.53 for the fourth quarter, an increase of $0.27 per share or 21% compared to fourth quarter of 2017, excluding divested businesses. All three of our recordable segments performed well, providing about $0.25 of that growth. Full-year 2018 pro forma adjusted earnings were $5.43 per diluted share, an increase of $1.03 or 23% over the prior year. Our businesses delivered about $0.96 per share and our share repurchase program contributed about $0.14. Net cash from operations nearly doubled to $546 million in 2018. The increase was driven by higher earnings and lower cash taxes compared to 2017 when we made the tax payment on the sale of Chemetall. Operating working capital continued to be a use of cash in 2018, primarily due to increased inventory of spodumene in the lithium segment in preparation for the startup of the Xinyu II expansion in China. Capital expenditures in total ended 2018 at $700 million, up from $318 million in 2017. Spending on our lithium growth projects continued on a successful ramp rate with total capital expenditures reaching $228 million during the fourth quarter, right on track with expected levels in 2019. Now let me move on to the business performance. Lithium ended the full-year with sales of $1.23 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $531 million, an increase of 21% and 19%, respectively, compared to 2017 and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 43%. Volume growth for the full-year 2018 was 10% and prices improved by 9%, driven by the increasing demand of our contracted customers for battery grade materials. Fourth quarter volume was strong with 14% growth compared to prior year and 25% growth sequentially. Average lithium pricing for the fourth quarter was 4% higher than the fourth quarter of 2017 and flat sequentially. In bromine specialties, full-year sales of $918 million and adjusted EBITDA of $288 million were up by 7% and 11% respectively, compared to 2017. Full-year adjusted EBITDA margin was 31%. The market for flame retardants remains healthy and the demand for clear completion fluids picked up slightly in the second half. Overall, pricing continued to be supported by constrained production of elemental bromine in China. Catalysts reported strong fourth quarter net sales of $305 million and adjusted EBITDA of $79 million. Excluding divested businesses, full-year catalyst sales of about $1.1 billion increased by 11% compared to 2017. Adjusted EBITDA was $273 million, also up 11% from 2017. Growth was driven by refining catalyst products due to favorable mix in hydroprocessing catalysts and growth in volume and pricing in fluid catalytic cracking, or FCC catalysts as a result of strong demand for transportation fuels. Turning to the future. Since we last updated you on our lithium demand forecast in the first quarter of 2018, the momentum around electric vehicles has continued to accelerate. Although global automotive sales slowed by over 8% during the fourth quarter of 2018, sales of electric vehicles rose by 98% over that same time period. Globally, the number of available plug-in hybrids and battery electric models announced by automotive manufacturers for 2021 has grown by almost 40% since mid-2017. The increase in new models announced for the U.S. is even more dramatic. In mid-2017, auto manufactures announced that almost 40 new models were expected to be available over the next three years. Now that number is over 60 and all the new additions are pure battery electric. Likewise, for the European market, the announced new models targeted for availability in the next three years has grown from a little over 40 to around 80, almost double. And then there is China. Annual sales of new energy vehicles in China doubled during 2018. And while China has not yet released their specific subsidy plan for 2019, all indications suggest that the policy will continue to incentivize a shift to vehicles with longer range, larger batteries, a good trend for lithium. We are also beginning to see an upward trend in large-scale batteries for utilities, buildings and power installations. To support the auto manufacturers, the battery supply chain has responded by increasing capacity targets in just one year from 270 about 400 gigawatt hours by 2021 and the target for 2023 is now more than 800 gigawatt hours growing to roughly 1.5 billion by 2028. These trends have had a marked impact on our demand outlook, which is based on inputs from multiple sources including automotive OEM announcements, industry forecast, research reports and discussions with our customers. As you can see on page 14 of our earnings presentation, each time we have updated our outlook, the demand curve has shifted higher and steepened. In our current view, the LCE demand is expected to be around 475,000 metric tons by 2021, growing to around one million in 2025. From a 2018 base of about 270,000 metric tons, this represented a 21% CAGR primarily driven by EV battery demand. In 2019, we expect new supply brought on by the major integrated producers will be about sufficient to meet market demand growth of roughly 21%. The market could see nonintegrated converters in China bring on capacity in excess of that. These converters would need access to spodumene concentrate sources out of Australia for feedstock. This capacity will largely be carbonate, will take time to scale up and likely will not be at EV grade quality, but may result in a carbonate oversupply in the short term. Given our long-term contract strategy and our customer base of top-tier cathode producers, we do not expect this situation to the impact our volume and price. As we discussed in November, we are already at our goal of having about 80% of our 2021 nameplate volume secured under long-term agreements with floor pricing for both lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. We remain ahead of schedule on 2025 lithium hydroxide and the volume under negotiation continues to increase. This market demand and the status of our long-term agreements gives us confidence in our capital investment plans as we look to meet customer demand in lithium. In total, you can expect capital spending of $800 million to $900 million in 2019, with over 75% of that dedicated to lithium growth. We would expect capital to remain in that range or slightly higher in 2020 and 2021 assuming we close on the JV with Mineral Resources. We are confident that our businesses will continue to perform at a level that funds the cash needed for this growth plan. Net cash from operations is expected to range between $700 million and $800 million in 2019, exceeding the pro forma $535 million of 2018. Free cash flow is expected to remain about the same as 2018. And as final note on page 19 of our earnings deck, we have provided some additional data points that may be helpful for modeling purposes. Now, I will turn the call back over to Luke.
Luke Kissam: Thanks Scott. By now, you have probably heard some mixed messages on other earnings calls about the economic uncertainty for 2019. The fact of the matter is that the EV supply chain has not lived through a general automotive slowdown, so there is no past experience on which to rely. It's also a fact that bromine is the Albemarle business that historically has felt the impact from an economic slowdown the earliest and the most intensely. To-date, we have seen no evidence of a slowdown in the order pattern from our customers across our businesses, but we do have some customers in bromine who indicate they are watching the second half carefully. With that in mind, let me try frame up our business outlook for 2019. In lithium, 2019 is a volume story. Our 2019 production is almost fully committed under our long-term contracts. There was a significant rain event in the Atacama in January and February. The resulting dilution in the pond system will likely cost us about 3,000 metric tons of production during the first half of the year, but we are still expecting volume growth of over 20,000 metric tons from 2018 with 10,000 to 15,000 coming from internal production and the rest from tolling. We would expect to see flat to inflationary pricing trends with any variant from that coming as a result of customer mix. We expect lithium adjusted EBITDA to increase by a little more than 20% year-over-year. Quarterly adjusted EBTIDA will increase through the year as we recover from the rain event in Chile and qualify lithium hydroxide from Xinyu II with customers and ramp production and sales. Adjusted EBITDA margin should exceed 40% but could be below 2018 levels, largely due to increased tolling volumes to support customer demand and startup costs related to Xinyu II. For bromine, we expect 2019 performance to be about flat compared to 2018. Demand for flame retardants and other bromine derivatives is expected to remain stable despite some caution coming out of the construction, automotive and electronics markets for the second half. We expect catalysts to be about flat year-over-year with adjusted EBITDA in the second half somewhat stronger than in the first. Refinery solutions is expected to provide mid single digit percentage adjusted EBITDA growth, excluding the one-time settlement of about $9 million received during 2018. FCC catalysts are expected to continue to benefit from strong demand, high utilization rates and an improved product mix, with increased sales of our max propylene product line. We also expect a similar trend in clean fuels technologies during 2019, particularly in distillates and FCC pretreat units. The growth in refinery solutions is expected to be largely offset by a decline in PCS during 2019 due to pricing pressures and the loss of a large customer contract which contributed about $11 million in EBITDA in 2018. When we add all of this together, we expect pro forma net sales growth in the range of 9% to 15%. Adjusted EBITDA should range from just over $1 billion up to $1.14 billion. We expect overall corporate adjusted EBITDA margins of around 30%. This would result in adjusted diluted earnings per share of between $6.10 and $6.50, a pro forma growth rate of $0.12 to $0.20 over 2018. With the new lithium capacity weighted to the back half of the year, the rain event in the Salar and the catalyst shipments weighted to the second half, we currently expect the cadence of earnings to ramp through the year with growth in the second half stronger than the first. And we expect the first quarter of 2019 to be about equal to the first quarter of 2018. As always, normal fluctuations in our business could have an impact on quarterly results. As we close, we have a clear and simple strategy and we are well-positioned for growth in the short, medium and long term. We have outlined our growth plan well into the next decade driven by capacity expansions in lithium and steady profits and cash flow from our other businesses. Now, it's all a matter of execution. And I believe that we have the people, the tools and the financial flexibility to be able to execute successfully and deliver stakeholder returns now and well into the future. I have never been more excited about the potential I see in our employees and our businesses and the opportunities I see for our stakeholders.
David Ryan: Operator, we are now ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before doing so, I would like to remind everyone to please limit questions to two per person to ensure that all participants have a chance to ask questions. And feel free to get back into the queue for follow-ups, if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from John Roberts from UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you. On the Mineral Resources JV, is it just financing and legal work that needs to be completed for the closing later this year? Are there any sticking points left to be done there? And just related to that, could you just remind us again, does Wodgina stage two capital spending come sequential to stage one? Or is it likely that they will overlap?
Luke Kissam: Hi. This is Luke. We have got two regulatory filings that we had made, one in Australia and one in China. We expect to get those approvals, but that's always a condition of a closing, John. So, that's an open item. And I would expect that the Wodgina phase two, it would be sequential. It would come after the phase one.
John Roberts: Okay. And is there any near-term anecdotal guidance you can give us on the China EV market? You are quite bullish here over the next couple years in your slide, but things have been pretty choppy on the overall automotive market in China in recent months. I don't know if the EV market is going through any short-term transition period here.
Eric Norris: Hi. John, this is Eric. We continue to see and we saw this last year as well, Chinese government creating incentives for longer range, higher energy, density batteries. And that's what we expect, as Scott referenced, to happen in the next set of subsidy changes for this year. You are right. The Chinese automotive market has been choppy. The global market has been choppy. It's been down, as Scott has pointed out. But on the other hand, EVs continue to grow and the incentives that the government is putting in place we believe will continue to drive the kind of range that will drive a lot of lithium consumption. If you look at the demand chart we have in our presentations, you will see a BEV battery has four times the amount of lithium in it that a PHE battery would have, right. That incentive to longer range is beneficial to us and to the industry.
John Roberts: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Koort from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Koort: Thanks. Good morning. Scott, I think maybe you or Luke talked about the conversion capacity that might expand in China but maybe not pressure your business because they have challenges qualifying. I wonder if you could help differentiate what you produce out of Xinyu? And why you are able to get that qualified and maybe some of these peripheral parties have a harder time?
Luke Kissam: Well, first of all, we are starting with a better feedstock because we are taking the Talison rock, which is the best spodumene concentrate in the world and we have got it dialed in. We also have the process engineers from around the globe that have a history with operating within the lithium business. So we have an advantage there. But it starts with the feedstock and it rolls into the know-how of how we have develop the design as well as the improvements we have made since we purchased Xinyu.
Robert Koort: And Luke, if the Wodgina deal closes and they start producing spodumene later this year, what are you going to do with your share of that spodumene? Where will that be placed? Will it be converted by you or by tollers or sold into the merchant markets?
Luke Kissam: We have got a marketing plan that we are working with right now. Some of it obviously will toll. And we will work to place that volume with strategic converters in the marketplace. And one other thing I just want to be clear is, you talked about the share of MRL. We have marketing rights to 100% of that. We will market all of the spodumene, not just a portion of it.
Robert Koort: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. Could you clarify two issues? One is, can you talk a little bit about what the impact of mix was on the lithium business in Q4 and what you expect in Q1, just so we can get a sense for how much it's swinging results? And secondly, when you mention that you expect pricing to be flat, just to be clear, that is reported realized prices, not just the prices embedded in the contracts?
Eric Norris: So, Lawrence, this is Eric. I will answer the first question. I am going to need some clarification on the second. As far as mix, in Q4, as you may recall, Q3, we had troubles from an operating standpoint for different reasons in both China, which largely is all hydroxide for us and in Chile, which is carbonate. The reason for the strong results we saw in Q4 versus Q3 and a sequential volume increase of 25% has everything to do with those plants running very well. The China plants ran very well, consistently through each of the three months and the La Negra or Chilean operations ran well during that time. The only thing that happened in Chile that might be slightly different is we were ramping up La Negra II in that period of time. We did get very close to capacity design rates there. So we had a successful startup, but there was a slight disruption there. It was a fairly balanced mix, is the bottom line. As you look forward into this year, you are going to see, as Luke mentioned, we are challenged in the first quarter on carbonate because of the rain event. Although we will not see necessarily a mix shift to hydroxide because hydroxide, that ramp up of Xinyu II is a staircase, if you will. It gradually steps up through the year with its weakest portions from a volume contribution standpoint to growth in the first half of the year. The other thing we are going to see is a lot more tolling. That's going to benefit largely carbonate. That's mostly what we toll. So you might see a shift towards carbonate and that would have, in the earlier parts, maybe a depressive effect on mix in the first half of the year. So it's a complicated story, but those are the factors. Your second question, could you repeat it please, for the benefit of all of us here?
Laurence Alexander: What I was trying to get out there is there was a comment in your prepared remarks about how pricing lithium will be flat to up absent mix effects. And I wanted to clarify that that comment pertains to your reported lithium pricing that you will report on the quarterly calls, not just a comment about the pricing embedded in the part of the business that is contracted with the EV market? It's across the entire business including the industrial grade.
Scott Tozier: Hi Lawrence, this is Scott. So the pricing guidance that we gave is across the lithium segment. And it's not just related to our contracted business nor is it just related to our battery grade business. So it is intended to be across the business.
Laurence Alexander: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to, I guess, ask a question about the long-term outlook. It seems like you have provided a range that's maybe in the 850 million to 1.25 million tons of lithium demand in 2025 and 610 million of that would be coming from the EV side. And then you also provided supply of your own capacity being 325 million to 350 million. Would you be in a position to comment on what you are seeing from an industry capacity standpoint? Would it be balanced in that 850 to 1.25 million range? And furthermore, do you see around 600 million ton of supply as far as battery grade lithium or would it be less than that? Thanks.
Luke Kissam: Yes. A lot of questions. What I would say is this, if you look around and look at announcements that have been issued over the last month or so, as we have always said, it's harder to bring this capacity online. It's one thing to issue a press release, it's another thing to go out and raise a little money. It's more difficult to do it. So I think what you are going to see is, you will continue to see in the long-run the big players, the Albemarles, the SQMs, Tianqi, the Ganfengs, those are the ones that are going to have to expand to bring this capacity online with the know-how of how to do it and the timeframe they can do it with the volume that's going to meet the big customers out there to meet that demand. As you look out long-term, the market tightens up, is our belief. We believe there will be enough to meet demand, but it's going to be tight. And in some instances, like we talked about in 2019, there's going to be a little bit of overhang. There is going to be some overhang of spodumene rock and carbonate could be long in some applications in 2019. That's going to burn off. And what you are going to see is the market is going to continue to tighten up. And I did some research on new technologies that come into the marketplace. And if you look at every new technology and you go back and look what the demand forecast was, every year when they came out of a new demand, it always got higher and the curve got steeper. And I think that's what we are going to see. I think that we have got realistic but probably overly conservative demand outlook out there. So I think we are going to be, in the long run, fairly tight. That's why it's so important for us to have resources on the balance sheet that we control, that we can execute additional capital to bring it to the market if we see the demand out there. If we don't, we just got resources for the future.
Arun Viswanathan: And just as a quick follow-up on the spodumene issue. Prices are down a fair amount year-over-year. And I just wanted to get your thoughts on maybe what's driving that and your own view that flat to up pricing in your overall portfolio, why that wouldn't be impacted by lower resource prices for spodumene, if at all? Thanks.
Eric Norris: Well, this is Eric. It's a pretty simple answer. It's supply, right. As we all know or has been publicly published, there's new supply of spodumene coming into the market. I point out though that that is a very unproven quality, right. So I think that some of that supply will work better than others in meeting the converge demands inside China. But the more presence and more supply coming on has had the effect of creating somewhat lower prices.
Luke Kissam: And what I would point to on that is the strategy of the long-term agreements really comes into play when you have a situation like we have today. We are very confident in what our pricing model is going to be for 2019. We are very confident in the demand. We are very confident in being able to place the volume that we can produce in 2019 with customers under long-term agreements at set prices.
Arun Viswanathan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Bennett from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ian Bennett: Hi. Thank you. Your guidance calls at the midpoint for sales to be up around $400 million, but EBITDA is only up close to $100 million, which is a little bit less than what I would have thought. So could you outline some of the increasing costs that are occurring this year? And as we look forward in time, given we know your volumes and price on lithium, should EBITDA margins on lithium be increasing or stable? Just some context there will be helpful.
Scott Tozier: Hi Ian, this is Scott. The big driver for us on a year-over-year basis is the tolling mix that we are seeing in lithium. So all of that growth is not coming from our internal production. It's about 60% to 70% of it will be internal and the remainder will be based on tolling. And as a result of that, the tolling margins are quite a bit lower than our normal internal margins. So in 2019, we do expect that we will maintain margin north of 40%. It will likely be below what we had in 2018. Longer term, as you see that tolling mix change as well as the customer mix change, that will drive margins that will start to creep up over time.
Ian Bennett: Okay. And in the hydroxide market, we have seen some industry players talking about a slower adoption of NMC 811. And I was wondering, given your position in the supply chain, if you are seeing that same slower shift to the higher nickel cathodes and if that's having any effect on your relative mix of carbonate and hydroxide.
Eric Norris: Yes, this is Eric speaking here. So on that, I would point out that 811 is our potential consumer of hydroxide and NCA is a consumer of hydroxide, right. So, yes, in 811, we are not seeing a rapid move to 811. The technology is interesting on an experimental level. On a commercial level, it's proving difficult to process, from a safety standpoint. It's having to be calcined several times versus straight 622 chemistry. And it does require hydroxide, but it has been challenged. The growth in hydroxide is being driven by NCA. The poster company for that is Tesla, of course, but there are other automobile manufacturers who are looking at NCA or incorporating NCA as well. And that is a 100% hydroxide-based chemistry.
Ian Bennett: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Colin Rusch from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Colin Rusch: Thanks so much. Could you guys talk a little bit about seasonality with the battery purchasing from the battery OEMs, given that about two-thirds of China's demand is coming in the back half of the year and they are constituting about 60% of the overall EV and PHEV demand at this point?
Eric Norris: This is Eric again. I don't know that there's really seasonality in buying patterns. There's an ever-increasing demand. So you are going to see demand increase as we go through each year being larger at the second half of the year. There are certainly effects in China in the January, February time frame that have to do with the Lunar New Year festivals, of course. But outside of that, there is no seasonality. We see some seasonality, as do other brine producers, in the production of brine, that has to do with making a carbonate in solar evaporation. But outside of that, that's the only seasonality we could ever point to in our business.
Colin Rusch: Okay. Great. And then in terms of just total lithium content per kWh, can you talk a little bit about the opportunities to start doping the anode layers with lithium? Is that a near-term opportunity? Or is it something a little bit more longer-term?
Eric Norris: Well, it's Eric again. I would say that solid state, that holy grail of solid state is a longer term phenomenon. What we are seeing, to your point, is the gradual doping of the anode increasing and the amount of lithium increasing as we go forward over the coming five to seven years. It's built into our demand forecast. It's not a big driver of lithium carbonate equivalents for us. But it is happening. And many of our R&D efforts are directed at trying to enable that to happen. And it's happening with the large producers that represent our current customer base for carbonate and hydroxide.
Colin Rusch: Great. Thanks so much,, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Luke, can you comment on what your lithium sales volume was in 2018? And what you think it will be in 2019?
Luke Kissam: Yes. Somebody's looking at what the volume was in 2018. I think what we said is our volume is going to be up around 20,000 metric tons, at least 20,000 metric tons in 2019 from that 2018 base.
David Begleiter: And if you don't have the 2018 base, do you have that?
Luke Kissam: It's around 75,000 to 80,000, I think. Is that right, Scott?
Scott Tozier: Yes.
Luke Kissam: Yes. That's right. So around 75,000 to 80,000 and we ought to be up at least 20,000 metric tons in 2019, about 10,000 to 15,000 of that coming from internal production and the rest of it coming from tolling.
David Begleiter: Great. And Luke and maybe Scott and Eric, the impact of the 3,000 tons of rain impacted production in Chile, is that about $35 million of sales and $15 million of EBITDA?
Luke Kissam: Well, you have to put in whatever you have got as your lithium carbonate sales price because it will all be carbonate, multiply that out by 3,000. You will get a revenue number and then whatever you have got for our margins, it's not dissimilar from what our overall margins are. So that would get you to the EBTIDA number. So you are probably not far off.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov from Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thank you. Good morning everyone. How should we think about the ramp of the 40 kiloton La Negra III and IV in 2020? And related to that, would your overall volume growth accelerate in 2020 versus 2019?
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think that 2020, you wouldn't see that much of a ramp, not a significant ramp in 2020 because we are starting commissioning activities. So what you would see there would be commissioning in 2020 and see a bigger ramp in 2021 from La Negra III and IV. Let us get through this year and see where that commissioning comes and you will see it. What I would expect next year is, we would be able to run La Negra I and II at full flat-out rates, which ought to give us about 45,000, that kind of level, 44,000 or 45,000, something like that. And we are certainly not going to be able to run Xinyu II at full rates this year because we are just doing qualifications right now. So you will see an additional, I would expect, nameplate next year out at Xinyu. And then we will get some for La Negra III, but not a significant ramp. But let us get through the year. Let us get more timing on the mechanical completion of III and IV and the commissioning and we will have more data to you towards the middle to end of the year.
Aleksey Yefremov: Great. Thank you Luke. And could you give us a quick update on state of your lithium hydroxide and carbonate contracts over the long-term? Have you been able to extend the portion of your future business on the contract around a fixed price?
Luke Kissam: Yes. We haven't seen a significant change. It's a slight change up from what we talked about and what we presented in the third quarter. I think that was as of November. We gave you an update. It's relatively similar to what it was then. What I would say is there are more discussions going on, on additional volume than we had at that time. But no material new contracts that have been signed.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Kapsch from Loop Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Chris Kapsch: Yes. Good morning. So you kind of touched on this, but the follow-up question is about the partial reliance on tolling volumes and the impact on mix and margins, I guess, in 2019. So is it right to assume that those tolling volumes would be for production in addressing non-battery-grade applications?
Eric Norris: Hi Chris, this is Eric Norris here. So in the past, that has been the case. It's been non-battery carbonate. And increasingly now, in some of the low-end battery-grade carbonate applications, we are fulfilling some of our agreements using tolled material. And then the third use of destination of that tolled material is internal consumption for our downstream uses.
Chris Kapsch: Okay. And then is the relationship with the toller years ago that ended up resulting in your acquisition of Jiangxi Jiangli. And I am just wondering if there is other toll converters that have that sort of quality capability in terms of conversion that you may think about that? Or is your conversion strategy focused totally on just expanding the existing capabilities you have?
Luke Kissam: We have laid out a plan on Kemerton. That was a build-or-buy decision. So we made the decision at that point in time with what we saw that it was better for us to move forward in Western Australia as opposed to attempting to acquire a converter. So we always looked to see what options we have that would accelerate, de-risk our strategy and drive a better return. And we will continue to do that.
Chris Kapsch: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson: Hi. Good morning. Mineral Resources last night talked about they expect 20,000 to 30,000 tons of LCE contents of spodumene coming out this year from Wodgina. Do you have any of this baked into some of your numbers in 2019 guidance or none of it?
Luke Kissam: It's not baked in because we haven't closed the deal yet.
Joel Jackson: And then as a follow-up to that, would that mean that knowing your numbers, do you have the incremental, about $1.1 billion of debt, baked into your interest expense projections for the second half?
Scott Tozier: Joel, this is Scott. We have not baked in anything on closing the Mineral Resources deal. So no volume upside or the debt purchase at this point in time.
Joel Jackson: Would you be owed some deferred payments in 2020 on some of the initial LCE spodumene sales in 2019?
Scott Tozier: I am not sure I follow your questions.
Joel Jackson: If Wodgina starts to sell spodumene before the deal closes, will you be owed to later on a payment?
Scott Tozier: No. That does not. That all accrues to Mineral Resources. Although, we are marketing that.
Joel Jackson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from PJ Juvekar from Citi. Your line is open.
Scott Goldstein: Hi, this is Scott on for PJ. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to take a look at the tax rate given your outlook for 2019. You mentioned that the shift in geographic mix might push it higher compared to last year. Given that lithium appears to be driving most of the growth in 2019, is it safe to say that lithium is responsible for most of that geographic mix shift? And if it is, can you talk about what countries you are shifting more lithium products to?
Scott Tozier: Yes. Scott, this is Scott Tozier. So the growth that we are seeing geographically is in Chile, of course, as well as China. And so in both of those cases, you have got tax rates that are above 30%. So as you grow in those areas, you are going to have natural pressure up. I would say, the other factor we have got in the tax rate is as the final regulations and rules in the U.S. tax reform get settled out, we do see some effects from the so called beat and guilty taxes that flow through in 2019 and hopefully get stabilized at that point in time. But we will have to keep you updated because those rules don't get finalized until the end of June.
Scott Goldstein: Okay. Got it. And I don't mean to belabor the tolling point here. But I guess one, does your increased tolling cost this year reflect the impact from Talison expansion starting up? And does that tolling cost headwind persist into 2020, given that your own conversion capacity may not start up until the 2021 timeframe?
Luke Kissam: Yes. So first of all, Scott, it's got nothing to do with Talison. What this is, is after we take the Talison spodumene concentrate and we look to convert that to lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide to meet the demand that we promised our customers. When we don't have that conversion capacity, we have to toll it. And what we are saying is, the actual cost being charged by the toller is up and the amount of volume that we are having to have tolled is up. So that puts downward pressure on our margins as you move more volume through that.
Scott Goldstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning. With regard to your catalyst business, I was wondering if you could comment on what you are baking into guidance for price and volume on the HPC side? I think you have got a strong position in distillates. And perhaps you can put your outlook into context as it relates to the pending IMO 2020 regulations that kick in next year.
Raphael Crawford: Hi, Kevin. This is Raphael Crawford. So we are expecting increase in volume and a nominal increase in price for HPC catalysts for 2019. As Luke had mentioned at the start, relatively more strength in distillates and in FCC pretreat as we are driving the volume side. And distillates is one of our more profitable segments. So that's contributing to a price mix effect. With regard to IMO, that's generally a positive trend for us. IMO increases the demand for diesel as a substitute for low-sulfur fuel oil and it's also going to increase the need for catalysts for the conversion of high-sulfur fuel oil to meet those specifications. So, in total, we expect mid single digit demand increase for HPC catalysts.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. And then second on lithium. I appreciate the demand detail on slide 14. I was wondering if you could speak briefly to the near-term supply considerations. You mentioned the rain event in Chile. I think a few of your competitors have cited similar dynamics in Argentina. Is that enough to have any impact short-term on either market pricing or customer's willingness to engage in long-term contract discussions? How would you characterize those events in the first half?
Raphael Crawford: Well, Kevin, one could speculate about the market, but let me talk about us. All volumes are all under contract. It's committed. So this makes it difficult for us to manage because we are sold out. And so we have to manage to meet the demand. But it has no issue, really, on price because we are contracted.
Kevin McCarthy: Understood. I guess I was thinking more in line with the future contract discussions or tightness in the broader market.
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think if you listened to one of the early questions, Kevin, in the short-term, that spodumene rock going into China is probably going to be converted into lithium carbonate. So I don't see 3,000 to 6,000 met tons across, it will be soaked up. Somebody will be able to supply it. So could it have an impact on price? For those people who are out there short-term trying to move some carbonate short-term, it could. But for us, we don't look at it that way. We look at the impact on our long-term agreements. We don't see any. And we still have a number of conversations going on with customers who are interested in those long-term agreements. So I don't see it impacting that at all as well. We just have got to be able to produce the volume because 2019 is a volume story. So if we can't produce it in the slough, we have got to get a toll to produce it and we have got to replace it and that may mean toll volume, which could be lower margins and push our margins down a little bit. But overall, we still believe all that's within the range of the estimates that we have provided to you today.
Kevin McCarthy: All right. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Sheehan from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning. Could you discuss your recent agreement with Corfo in Chile? Some of the details around that? And also if you could clarify, how would you expect to establish terms for local cathode manufacturers in that market over time?
Luke Kissam: Yes. This is Luke. We did reach an agreement with Corfo. And it related to the price and the terms, how it would be calculated. And so we have got an agreement. We are comfortable with it. It's figured into our short, medium and long term analysis and forecast and it doesn't change our view of the market, our profitability or Chile in any way.
Jim Sheehan: Thanks. And then in the bromine segment, you talked about how you are not really seeing any impact yet from macro pressures. But historically, this segment has seen such pressure. So could you frame what you think the downside could be? And also do you see any changes in enforcement of Chinese pollution standards?
Netha Johnson: Hi Jim. This is Netha Johnson. As we look out, we did have a couple customers express concerns. At this time, our flexibility and production and business model allows us to incorporate that. We don't see a change from our guidance in that in 2019. In terms of the Chinese environmental regulators, we see a continued enforcement of the current standards that they have, which pressure on the Chinese bromine manufacturers.
Luke Kissam: Yes. Any downside that we see today, we have included it in the downside piece of the earnings. To the extent that changes during the course of the year because you are right, bromine is the first business that we have that normally feels that pressure. We will obviously update everybody.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Harrison from Seaport Global Securities. Your line is open.
Mike Harrison: Hi. Good morning. I am wondering if you can give us a little bit more detail about the customer contract loss in the PCS business and just overall what you are seeing in that business? It sounds like that's going to be quite an offset to otherwise solid growth in the refinery catalyst business.
Raphael Crawford: Yes. Mike, this is Raphael. We are not at liberty to disclose the specifics on the customer. But there is pricing pressure on the PCS business and this is a consequence of that. That being said, we are taking action to continue to operate that business efficiently, looking for ways to fill volume and make up some of that gap in the future. But it is a circumstance that we are dealing with. On the whole, refining solutions is doing very well, did well in 2018, will continue to do well into 2019.
Mike Harrison: And then a question about your lithium business in China. One of your competitors referred to some uncertainty related to potential changes in EV subsidies. Just wondering if you have seen some reluctance among your Chinese customers to sign longer-term contracts? And if so, how have you responded to that trend?
Eric Norris: Mike, this is Eric. So, I think we have said and it's still true today, most of our business is based outside of China in the EV value chain. That's both because of the type of demand we play into, from a quality perspective. And it's also a reflection of the fact that Chinese account customers had been reluctant for some time to commit to longer-term agreements. So in periods of time when there is uncertainty in their home market and certainly there's been macroeconomic weakness in China and changing subsidies, subsidies which don't necessarily advantage local manufacturing, which is largely carbonate-based as opposed to hydroxide-based, it creates uncertainty for them. So I don't doubt and we have certainly seen that. But it's part of a longer-term trend that we also note in terms of their preference for partnering on long-term contracts.
Mike Harrison: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Sebastian Bray from Berenberg. Your line is open.
Sebastian Bray: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. I would have two, please. The first is on the evolution of the lithium demand forecast that you set out at the start of your presentation. I think the guidance over the last two years has been that the lithium market is broadly imbalanced, which would imply that the upward revisions to demand have been matched by increases in supply. Where exactly is this supply coming from and why has it proven easier, if this is the case, for larger manufacturers to bring this online? That's my first question. And my second one is on the delevering profile laid out after the call late last year for the Wodgina joint venture acquisition. If you are going to spend about $800 million of CapEx per annum, I have difficulty getting to the rate of delevering guided, which is, from memory, it's about 1.5-ish, 1.6 times post-2021. Could you step me through the moving parts? Thank you.
Eric Norris: This is Eric. I will answer the first one on supply. The way both this year and in prior years and in future years we see the growth being met, knowing that growth is largely EV growth and increasingly for higher quality batteries, hydroxide, hy- nickelate based chemistries. It's coming from, what we call, the integrated majors. There's about five of us. Luke referenced their names earlier, ourselves, Livent, SQM and in China, Ganfeng and Tianqi. These companies benefit not only from an integrated resource in most cases, but also secondarily from a processing know-how over time in terms of how to tune their conversion assets to their specific resources. And then finally, they have the financial capabilities to fund whatever significant capital expansions required to meet and use markets. So these are the companies that are meeting that demand. And we see likely being the ones that will provide that increasing demand into the future. Scott?
Scott Tozier: Yes. Sebastian, on the deleveraging question, assuming we close on the Wodgina deal in the fourth quarter, we would expect to have a net debt to EBITDA ratio of around 2 to 2.1 times. And as you think about the deleveraging, there's two components to it. One is that the Wodgina JV will start to produce earnings immediately because of the spodumene sales. So that helps. And then the second part to this is just our growth as a company overall drives a significant amount of that deleveraging. So as you look at our earnings growth with no change in debt level, we are about to drop down into that 1.5 to 1.6 times that you referenced in 2021.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our question and answer session for today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's call. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Ryan - Albemarle Corp. Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp. Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp. Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp. Netha Johnson - Albemarle Corp. Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.
Analysts: Matthew DeYoe - Vertical Research Partners LLC Ian Bennett - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Huang - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Joshua Spector - UBS Securities LLC Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Sebastian Bray - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom) Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Robin Fiedler - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Matthew Skowronski - Instinet LLC Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome, everyone, to the Q3 2018 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference call hosted by Dave Ryan. My name is Chris, and I'm the operator for this call. During the presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only.
David Ryan - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you, and welcome to Albemarle's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted to our website under the Investors Section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium. As a reminder, some of the statements made during the conference call about our outlook, expected company performance, production volumes and commitments, as well as lithium demand may constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. We apologize for the little snafu at the very beginning. Apparently, you could hear us, but we couldn't hear the operator; so, we apologize and hope we got that fixed. Turning to the third quarter, in the third quarter, our revenue grew $50 million, or 7%, and adjusted EBITDA grew by $36 million, or 18%, compared to the third quarter of 2017 excluding divested businesses. This marks our eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth. During the third quarter, Bromine Specialties and Catalysts both reported pro forma adjusted EBITDA growth over last year. In Lithium, third quarter pricing increased year-on-year as expected; however, unexpected outages at three of our manufacturing sites during the quarter caused volume shortfalls, which resulted in our not being able to meet the sales commitments in the quarter. These issues were one-time in nature and have been addressed. All of our Lithium facilities are now running at forecasted production rates. In addition, our Lithium capital projects remain on track. We completed the tie-ins at La Negra II and expect to operate that unit at full rates in 2019. La Negra III and IV, which is a 40,000 met ton carbonate expansion, is progressing as planned towards commissioning during 2020. Earlier this year, we commissioned an expansion of our evaporation system in the Salar de Atacama, enlarging our evaporation pond capacity by 60%. Additional ponds of more than 450 acres are on schedule for completion in early 2019. This expanded pond system will provide sufficient feedstock for all of our carbonate production facilities in Chile. In China, we have completed all pre-commissioning activities at Xinyu II and are now transitioning that unit over to operations. We have begun startup activities and we'll be in this phase over the next few months. We expect significant hydroxide volumes from this unit in 2019. With respect to the Kemerton Lithium Hydroxide facility, we are on track to obtain all necessary approvals to begin earthwork at the site in December. Now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke, and good morning, everyone. For the third quarter, we reported net income of $130 million or $1.20 per diluted share. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.31, an increase of about $0.31 per share compared to third quarter 2017, or 31% growth excluding divested businesses and other one-time items. Our businesses and lower corporate expenses delivered about $0.31 per share of growth with strong performance in Bromine Specialties and Catalysts. Our share repurchase program contributed about $0.04 during the quarter. Those gains were partially offset by a net cost increase in other areas, primarily due to a higher effective tax rate and unfavorable foreign exchange compared to the third quarter 2017. Let me talk about each of the businesses. Lithium reported third quarter net sales of $271 million and adjusted EBITDA of $114 million, each up about 1% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 42%. Average prices were up 6% versus the third quarter 2017 with battery grade salts providing most of that improvement. The gains were mostly offset by the volume impact from the unexpected plant outages. Hydroxide volumes and cost were unfavorable due to a one-week shutdown in Kings Mountain as a result of Hurricane Florence in North Carolina. The Xinyu facility was down about two weeks as the result of an unannounced environmental inspection by local officials. We've agreed on a remediation schedule with the government and Xinyu I is back running at full rates. As Luke mentioned, the commissioning of Xinyu II is progressing as planned. Volume was also unfavorably impacted by environmental upgrades required at the facilities of some of our tollers. Carbonate volumes and costs were impacted by a week of downtime in La Negra, Chile, caused by two separate events. The first was a multi-day outage in power supply due to a grid blackout in Chile; and, the second was a failure in our soda ash delivery system, which resulted in downtime for repair. The planned electrical tie-ins that we spoke of last quarter have been completed and La Negra II is back online and operating at forecasted rates. Had we and our tollers been able to operate throughout the quarter, we estimate we would have had an additional shipment of approximately 3,000 metric tons that would have equated to approximately $35 million in revenue, about $14 million to $15 million in EBITDA, and $0.11 to $0.12 per share of earnings during the third quarter. Bromine Specialties reported third quarter net sales of $233 million and adjusted EBITDA of $79 million, up 9% and 23%, respectively, year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA margins were strong at 34%, benefiting from a favorable mix and high plant utilizations. Prices were up globally across most products, but volume gains were modest. The increased profits were partially offset by higher raw material costs, primarily from oil derivatives. Catalysts third quarter net sales were $251 million, up 15% compared to the third quarter of 2017 excluding divested businesses. Adjusted EBITDA was $63 million, up 25%, with adjusted EBITDA margins of 25%. Year-over-year growth was driven by increased volume and pricing in refinery catalysts and about $2 million of insurance collections. It is important to remember that third quarter 2017 had an unfavorable impact from Hurricane Harvey in Houston of about $9 million. The gains were partially offset by increased raw material prices in fluid catalytic cracking catalysts and curatives. Moving on to the balance sheet and income statement items, we completed our 2018 – our May 2018 accelerated share repurchase program and, in August, initiated a second $250 million ASR program, which is expected to be concluded by the end of this year. Through the first nine months of 2018, we have retired approximately 4.7 million shares. Our average share count for all of 2018 is expected to be about 110 million shares. Our average share count for the second half is expected to be about 108 million. Through the end of the third quarter, our net cash from operations was $377 million and adjusted free cash flow was $38 million. For the full year, we continue to anticipate breakeven to negative adjusted free cash flow. Capital spending year-to-date through September was $472 million. As previously mentioned, our Lithium projects continue to ramp up as scheduled. Higher forecasted sales of catalyst and lithium for the fourth quarter resulted in increased inventory with a corresponding increase in total working capital compared to the second quarter of 2018. Based on current sales and production mix by country, so far in 2018 and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we currently expect our full year 2018 effective tax rate to range between 22% and 23% excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items. Our full year adjusted EBITDA, EPS, diluted EPS and free cash flow guidance remain unchanged. Bromine Specialties is a bit stronger and on a path to deliver low double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth. Catalysts is expected to increase high single-digit growth on a pro forma basis, and Lithium is a bit weaker with the third quarter outages, but still expected to grow in the low 20% range. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Scott. I want to spend a minute, provide more detail on our long-term lithium supply agreements with major cathode and battery producers. Pages 12 and 13 in our earnings presentation, which was posted online last evening, provides a snapshot of where we stand as of today on secured volumes for the calendar years 2021 and 2025, and the volumes that are still the subject of active discussions with third parties. In summary, we are right on schedule for 2021 commitments and well ahead of schedule on 2025 volume commitments. As you can see for 2021, we are already at our goal of having 80% or so of our volume secured and are in negotiations for volumes well in excess of our targeted Wave I nameplate production capacities of 85,000 metric tons of carbonate and 80,000 metric tons of hydroxide. These charts also show the acceleration in our customers' demand for the battery grade lithium hydroxide over that period. For lithium hydroxide, more than 60,000 metric tons are secured for 2021. Approximately 60,000 metric tons of committed minimum volumes are contracted for 2025, with an additional 20,000 or so metric tons contracted as right of first refusal or option volumes. In addition, for 2025, we're in negotiations for another 80,000 to 90,000 metric tons of hydroxide volume. For lithium carbonate, more than 70,000 metric tons is secured for 2021 through our supply agreements and our internal needs, which feed production of our specialty products and hydroxide at Kings Mountain. As we look out to 2025, we have carbonate volumes under supply agreements and for our forecasted internal needs of around 40,000 metric tons, with another 60,000 to 80,000 metric tons the subject of ongoing negotiations. Given the demand from existing customers and from cathode and battery producers who are not customers today, we are very confident that the 2025 committed volume will increase significantly over the next few quarters. It is important to note that the average sales price for the committed minimum volumes of carbonate and hydroxide volume under the supply agreements in 2021 and 2025 are equal to or greater than the average 2018 sales price with opportunities for price increases. Given this outlook demand, as shown on page 15 of our earnings presentation, we are adjusting our capital project planning accordingly. While the 40,000 metric ton carbonate expansion at La Negra is still on track to allow us to begin commissioning in 2020, we have stopped all engineering work on any further carbonate expansions in Chile at this time. We're going to put it on the shelf and continue to monitor our customers' needs and the needs for the market. We previously disclosed that Kemerton would have an initial capacity of 40,000 metric tons with an ability to expand to 100,000 metric tons over time. We now expect to accelerate a portion of that additional capacity to add another production line at Kemerton, which would increase the initial nameplate capacity to at least 60,000 metric tons of hydroxide. The commissioning of the Kemerton site is expected to start in stages during the course of 2021. We do not expect any meaningful change in our CapEx spending over this period as a result of this change. As we have previously indicated, we will build out capacity to match the needs of our customers and these announced modifications are consistent with that strategy. Now there have been questions raised in the press about our authorizations in Chile, so let me try to clarify the matter. As you can see on page 16 of our earnings presentations, we have the operating permit for pumping brine from the Chile Environmental Superintendent, the production quota from CORFO and the sales quota from CCHEN to allow for the production and sale of at least 80,000 metric tons LCEs annually through 2043. In addition, as we have previously disclosed, we are in the engineering and development phase of a project that we believe will increase the overall lithium yield from our operations in the Salar. If successful, and we have seen no data to indicate that it won't be, the project would allow us to produce more lithium from the same amount of brine that we pump today or allow us to produce the same amount of lithium from less brine. In either case, it would be a more efficient and more sustainable process. In conclusion, we believe we have positioned the company for another year of exceptional growth supported by our long-term strategic initiatives. Our 2019 planning process is well underway and, while it's too early to provide specific guidance, we believe 2019 will deliver another strong year of growth. We remain committed to and confident in our strategy and in our ability to execute that strategy in a way that should drive significant shareholder value well into the foreseeable future.
David Ryan - Albemarle Corp.: Chris, we are now ready to open the lines of Q&A. But before doing so, I'd like to remind everyone to please limit questions to two per person to ensure that all participants have a chance to ask questions. Then, feel free to jump back in the queue for follow-up if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: And the first question is coming from the line of Kevin McCarthy. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Matthew DeYoe - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning. It's actually Matt DeYoe on for Kevin. So, I'm interested in the outage at Xinyu and the Chinese environmental inspections. We've clearly heard about the fallout of tougher restrictions in China across a lot of other chemical chains, but less so in lithium. I'm just thinking out loud here, but if you're falling victim to the forced outages, it might stand to reason that converters operating off lower concentrated ore than Greenbushes may be even having a more difficult time. So, you know with that in mind, is this something specific to the Xinyu? Was this a one-off thing expected to be an ongoing industry issue and how much is the remediation going to cost Albemarle?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. This is Luke. From a remediation standpoint on the cost, it'll be minimal and you won't see it in our numbers, and you won't see it in our capital. It'd be a rounding error, first of all. Second of all, I can't comment on what might have happened as it relates to other tollers. We do know some of our tollers were also unable to produce, so I don't think it was just targeted at Xinyu. But I do view it, from our standpoint, as a one-time thing – one-time event. We've reached agreement on everything that needs to be done with the authorities and are well underway of getting that taken care of. So, we viewed it as a one-time event, and it will be just pure speculation for us to say anything about what would happen in the future or for third parties.
Matthew DeYoe - Vertical Research Partners LLC: All right. And then, regarding the longer term contracts, so based on disclosure, you have some price commitments for the committed minimum volume agreements. But what about those agreements under the right of first refusal or evergreen contracts? How should we think about the pricing terms there? Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well, the pricing terms would be consistent. If you look, we have the ability to supply if we do, but we're not required to supply. So, we're going to sell at a price that's commiserate with what we think the market should deserve, or we won't sell it.
Matthew DeYoe - Vertical Research Partners LLC: So is that based on market prices at the time of those sales or is that kind of more in line with the price agreed to in the committed minimum volume contracts?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: It's more in line with the price committed in those minimum volume projects because that's what we put in to look at what the capital return should be for those projects and we're going to be disciplined in our approach that we take for pricing; so, that's what it's set for.
Matthew DeYoe - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Ian Bennett. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Ian Bennett - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning. Thanks for providing that slide 16. I think it's really helpful to the investment community. And I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on the areas of conflict with each of these agencies. I think there's been some discussion of various water pumping rights as well as some of the technology with the expansion, and helping us think about that?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. There's no conflict at all with the EPA. We've got a permit. We're operating within our permit. There's been – with CORFO, it's been very public of what that confusion is. It's a matter of what price needs to be offered to any third party who would build a cathode facility in Chile. There's a dispute. They've said they want to arbitrate that dispute, but to-date no arbitration has yet been filed. So we believe very strongly in our position. We think it's clear. It's a public document in Chile, so I'd invite you to look at that document and read the language. We think it's quite clear and we're very confident in our position. With respect to CCHEN, there is nothing at issue relative to the 2017 authorization. That is not at issue. It is not at issue our ability to be able to sell the 80,000 met tons or so, annually. What we did is, in March of 2018, CORFO signed an amendment to the agreement with us that essentially said, if we elect to build Chile V and VI, they would extend our production quota from around 80,000 met tons a year to around 140,000 met tons a year. But at the same time, we applied for CCHEN to ensure that the ability to sell was also reflective of what we could produce. We can – we – to build V and VI, we have to have yield improvement from lithium out of the Salar, or we won't have enough brine coming out of the ground to be able to do that. So all that they've done is come back and said we're not willing to approve that additional sale today until we understand where you are in the yield improvement process. So from our perspective, there is nothing at issue that restricts in any way our ability to sell at least 80,000 met tons, which is our Wave I nameplate through 2043. And it's not even issue for anything unless we elect to build V and VI, and we've just told you today that we're putting that on the shelf to understand what happens with the marketplace and what our customers need. So I hope that clarifies it. I'm sorry it's so confusing, but that's how the regulatory system works down there. And hopefully this helps you out.
Ian Bennett - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's very helpful. And as a follow-up, and perhaps related, it appears to me from the outside that there's increasing conflict within Chile who has this great natural resource in lithium and some members of the government want to have that resource create more battery manufacturing, which ultimately will be a much larger industry than just lithium production, whereas the existing players in the industry, yourself and SQM, are companies that are operating to create shareholder return. The delay in the expansion in Chile V and VI, is this related? And how do you think about deploying capital moving forward in that region? You said it's on hold, but does this – is your view of how to deploy capital in the most shareholder-friendly manner over the next decade or so changing as a result of the political situation in Chile? Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, I think it's a stretch to say that. What's changing is we're seeing a significant acceleration in demand of lithium hydroxide. And so, we need to address that, and we need to be focused on what we're going to do. We've always said that we are going to invest capital to meet the needs of our customers. And if you look at the charts that we've put in there, you see what we're talking about, about hydroxide demand and what we're talking about, about carbonate demand. It's clear we need to focus on lithium hydroxide, have the focus there, and that's why we're doing it.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of David Begleiter. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
David Huang - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. It's David Huang here for David. I guess first, on your Q3 lithium pricing, can you discuss what happened there since the 6% looks a bit lighter than expected? And do you still expect up high-single digits for the year?
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: This is Eric, but I'm having a hard time understanding you. Could you repeat the question, please? It is regarding pricing, I understand, but I could hear over the phone line.
David Huang - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. So, on your Q3 pricing, that 6% looks a bit lighter than expected. Do you still – what happened there in Q3 and do you still expect up high-single-digits for pricing for the year?
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: It's actually right on our expectation. We had forecasted at the beginning of the year a high-single-digit increase, overall, for the year. And given the year-on-year comparison in that, during 2017, prices were gradually increasing through that year, we see double-digit comparison in the first half of the year dropping to less than the average for the year into the mid-single-digits for an average of high-single-digit price increase year-on-year. So it is on our expectation.
David Huang - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And second, just on your Q4 guidance, what gives you the confidence in the EBITDA ramp in Q4? And what needs to happen for you to be in the upper end of your guidance range?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: So, this is Scott. I mean, overall, we've got two big movers in terms of the fourth quarter. So, of course, Lithium is on a big volume ramp. That's been expected throughout the year. Of course, with the third quarter outages, we had a pause there. We are fully back online. The cap projects that we have coming online are coming online to schedule. So, barring some other unexpected or black swan type of an event, I think we're well on track for Lithium. The other one is Catalysts. Similar to 2017, the Catalysts business has another large fourth quarter, much of that being driven by the volume in the CFT, or clean fuels technology, hydroprocessing catalysts business. We have pretty good line of sight to those projects right now, and again, barring any other change in our customers with the downtime that they take to put this catalyst in, well we feel confident in that Catalysts fourth quarter as well. So those are the big major drivers for the fourth quarter growth. And again, we feel good about where we are right now.
David Huang - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Arun Viswanathan. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning, just wanted to ask kind of a little bit more of a macro question. I mean, there's been a lot of noise on China and auto OEM builds over the last little while. Have you guys noticed anything different in the environment in China from a demand standpoint? And I guess, just looking out into next year, would any change in OEM builds and anything like that affect any of your progress? Thanks.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Hi, Arun. This is Eric. So the short answer is, we haven't seen any (30:54) There might be some softening in demand. There hasn't been any we've seen, both in China and throughout Asia, where the bulk of our customer base is for the energy storage market, continued strong demand with, as Luke referenced earlier, a bias as we go forward towards hydroxide versus carbonate. From a specific automotive production standpoint with 1.3 billion electric vehicles thus far this year, which given the pace of growth, we expect to actually, excuse me, million, which we expect to increase further into Q4. So I think we aren't seeing anything negative from a macro standpoint from EV growth or demand for product.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: And, Arun, I would just add, I think if you look at total automotive production in China, there is a softening overall. However, it is concentrated in the internal combustion engines, not in electric vehicles, as Eric has talked about. So we don't see it in our business.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And I also wanted to ask a question on the contracts, appreciate the detail. You also made a comment that the 2021 and 2025 commitments are at or above 2018 averages. Could you just describe the mechanisms you guys have to, I guess, increase prices if the market is trending that way or also defend against lower pricing if in fact that happens with increased production? Thanks.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Yes, Arun. So it isn't materially different than what we've described before, right. There is a range of contracts, so that it's hard to speak to it being completely uniform, but in general, they all have a provision by which there's a floor price and that there's an opportunity, and it depends on the contract in terms of its frequency or timing, for Albemarle to invite, ask for an increase in the price at a point in time. And at that point in time, the party, counterparty, the customer has an opportunity to, if they so desire, to shop that volume. But there is a floor that is put in there for us that gives us security, that Luke has discussed, for return on investment. And that floor today is, as we strike these new contracts, is no less than 2018 price, right. So that's the confidence that we have in the contracts we have in terms of supply going forward.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. If you look at from a pricing standpoint, my position is if you look at 2021 and 2025, what you see on that page is the bear case.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then, just lastly, maybe you can just describe the input cost side. Would you expect any raw material pressure next year, I guess, principally in Lithium, but anywhere else if that's material?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Scott?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I don't think we'll see, I mean, other than labor costs, which I'll exclude, but if you look at raw materials, I think we're fine in Lithium. The other businesses, Bromine is going to be driven primarily by oil derivatives, so depends on what happens with oil. If oil prices continue to move up, we're going to see pressure there and we'll need to work on the market appropriately. In Catalysts, it tends to focus more on the metals, and so commodity-based metals, so think about nickel, molybdenum, those kind of products. So again, I think it will depend on what's happening. We've seen kind of a mixed story in 2018, both with oil prices and commodity metal prices. So hard to predict right now in the market that we're playing in, but our business and the chemical industry, overall, do not drive those prices. Obviously, it's other macro market drivers that push it. We just need to react to it. So we know how to do that. We'll react appropriately and make sure we protect our margins.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of Josh Spector. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Joshua Spector - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Hey, guys, just a question around Bromine. Continues to outperform, pretty good quarter with maybe record-high margins. Just wondering how long you think that continues, and maybe what are the one or two biggest factors that drives that?
Netha Johnson - Albemarle Corp.: Oh, we expect the bromine market to continue to grow slightly, projecting volumes in our flame retardant to 1% to 2% growth. And what drives that, basically, is the shortage of bromine in China, and that's a big significant driver to our growth.
Joshua Spector - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And just, I mean, in terms of prices, you seem to be handily offsetting higher raw materials. Do you see that continuing or is that primarily China tightness that you think might abate when you go into next quarter or maybe next year?
Netha Johnson - Albemarle Corp.: We'll see that continuing in through the rest of this year. We've got great pricing discipline. We do expect some volume to come on next year that may affect pricing, but we'll continue to maintain our pricing discipline just as necessary as market conditions allow.
Joshua Spector - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then, just one more on lithium pricing, sequentially. I guess, are you able to qualitatively say, if you look quarter-on-quarter for battery grade products, was pricing flat, up, down? Any kind of guidance around how things moved quarter-to-quarter?
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So this Eric, Josh. So from quarter-to-quarter, pricing was relatively flat. Depends by customer; there was no downward pressure. It was probably upward once you factor in mix. When you look at the roll-up, it probably was more flattish, overall, quarter-to-quarter.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: And I think, when we're talking about mix, that we're talking about customer mix.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Customer mix. Yeah.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Talking about customer mix.
Joshua Spector - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Robert Koort. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. This is Dylan Campbell on for Bob. Quick question on the environmental inspections in China, it sounds, from what you've discussed, it is more of a market-wide impact. And I know you mentioned it's really only a temporary impact for Albemarle, specifically, but can you talk if – kind of your general conversations around the market, if you're hearing any rumblings of more prolonged outages where operations weren't up to snuff as much to those inspections and whether that could result in longer term outages across the Chinese market?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I don't see that in – that would be pure speculation on our part. So what we're assuming is everybody is going to be back up and running just like we are.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then, I noticed that R&D expenses declined a little over 20% year-over-year. Do you have any color in terms of what drove that decline?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: No. I think it's really just the mix of our portfolio and what – where we're spending at this point. So I don't think that – I wouldn't draw any conclusions from it. Some of it is going to be foreign exchange, but at the end of the day, it's just the mix of our projects and the portfolio across the company.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Sebastian Bray. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Sebastian Bray - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. I would have two, please. The first is that – on the volume development. Now that the Chile V, Chile VI project has been put on hold, what certainty can you provide that you're going to reach 2023 and you don't simply run out of volumes? I think there was reference made earlier to what is further available at Kemerton, but could you give any insights on to how you would expand your volumes in lithium post 2023? That's my first question. My second one is on the IMO sulfur legislation coming in 2020. Has the Catalysts division already started to see the uplift from this or is it simply the fact that refinery CapEx is picking up worldwide that is driving the growth? And would you expect this to continue for the next two or so years? Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Let me take the first one, and then I'll turn it over to Raphael to talk about IMO. First of all, post 2023, what we've said is we're putting the Chile one on the shelf right now; we're just not proceeding right now with Chile V and VI. That could change. We have always said, Sebastian, that we are going to build out according to demand of our customers. And right now, we've got a bigger need in lithium hydroxide as we look out past 2021. So, that growth is going to come from our ability to build out lithium hydroxide facilities and, likely, the ability to expand Kemerton to 100,000 metric tons over the next five to seven years, which would take care of hydroxide. In carbonate, we still have the ability to do Chile. We're just taking a pause on that and see where it comes. And let's see how that market develops. We may find out that we need even more hydroxide or, in a couple years, we may find we need lithium sulfur or we may need more lithium metal. So, what we've got to be able to do is be very responsive to the needs of the market, both today and in the future, and the only way we can do that is by looking at what our customers are willing to commit to in the future and ensure that we have the capacity in place or the relationships in place to be able to meet that demand. And that's what we're trying to do because we've got to get a return on these assets as well. And if we can't get the people willing to step up to the plate to sign those longer term contracts, and we don't have them, we're not going to build it for speculative demand. We're going to build it for what we know our customers are willing to supply to us. That's what we've said, and we're going to maintain our discipline in that regard. With that, Raphael, you want address the IMO, please?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Yes, sir. So, Sebastian, this is Raphael Crawford. Our perspective on IMO 2020 is a net tailwind for our business. The magnitude of that, we're still working through that with customers who have several different strategies for getting to the lower sulfur specifications for bunker fuel. Certainly, we have a broad portfolio of hydrotreating catalysts that can serve various needs of refiners, depending on what their particular crude slate is, what their operations are and their market strategy. So we feel like our value selling approach with those customers with our portfolio and the strong team of technical people we have we'll be able to use our products to help them meet those sulfur specifications. Additionally, we're watching carefully and looking for ways for we – how we can participate in FCC catalyst as it relates to this trend as well. It may be the case that over time our refiners are looking for higher diesel output out of FCC units in order to help meet the increased diesel demand that would come from such specifications. But at a high level, Sebastian, the overall trend IMO 2020, as well as sulfur specs around the world, favorable for hydroprocessing catalysts going forward.
Sebastian Bray - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Thank you. Could I just quickly ask on the statements on the potential Kemerton expansion, do you have Tianqi's agreement that you will accelerate the expansion already? Do you have the access to the rock material?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, there have been previously announced – what we're going to do with Talison. And if Talison goes through with those expansions, which we fully expect it to do, we'll have sufficient rock to meet almost all of that 135,000 metric tons that we would have in China and in Kemerton. And if not, we can get it on the open market. We'll be able to buy rock on the open market, so I'm less worried about that. We've always said we'd like to have a little bit more conversion capacity for hard rock than we actually had hard rock to feed it, which would give us some benefit there to flex up. So, all consistent with the strategy we talked about before, and very confident in our ability not only from Talison, but if we have to supplement a little bit from outside parties, we'd be able to do that. So we've got all the agreements we need and everybody is aligned on what we need to do to be able to supply our customers.
Sebastian Bray - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Colin Rusch from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks so much, guys. Just want to follow up on that last question. There's obviously an awful lot of R&D going on in the battery industry right now, coupled with a lot of automotive configurations. Can you talk about the rate of change in terms of the needs of your customers and what you're seeing come back to you, especially as you make these longer term commitments on capacity?
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, Colin, this is Eric. So first, to address what the customers are telling us, I mean, we – as Luke – just to reiterate what Luke said earlier, we are seeing decidedly a stronger push as they'd shared their long-term outlook for us from a consumption standpoint towards hydroxide. And that is symptomatic of going towards higher nickel chemistries. And so, that means moving closer to the 622 sorts of chemistries. There's been some speculation in the market that 811 is around the corner. I think that there's still some technical challenges to get there. And so, we still see that not necessarily being within the next couple of years; I think a few years or more off versus today. At a more technical level, there continue to be efforts to think through how to get more incremental capacity out of a battery cell by looking at pre-lithiation technologies or novel anode configurations, which would involve some – potentially, some lithium metal doping. And this is a sort of an incremental trend. It's not going to move the needle in 2018 or 2019 volume for us, but it is representative of that technology trend you're talking about and in a period of 5 to 10 years could result in more significant demand on the metal side. We just have to watch that very carefully.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: So, Colin, if I could just add on that – add to what he's saying, that's another reason why our long-term strategy is that we're going to have these long-term agreements, because we need to understand where the demand is either from a carbonate, from a hydroxide, from a metal or from what's next from our customers in time so that we can invest in and expand capacity, move capacity, whatever the right thing is to be able to address the needs of our customers in the market. And the customers – the big customers understand that and they're on board with that approach. So we feel good about it.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, these volumes that are under negotiation, can you give us a sense of the magnitude of demand for those volumes? Is it kind of a 1:1 sort of ratio, or are you looking at 3, 4, 5x the actual available capacity that you're in discussions on?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well, if you look on page 12 and 13 of our earnings deck presentation that we laid out yesterday, we tried to give a view of what that was, both from a carbonate standpoint as well as a hydroxide standpoint in both 2021 and 2025. The other thing I'd add is on 2021, we put nameplate of the units on there of our collective production capacities, because that is what's public. It's not realistic to believe in any of these sites that we'll be operating at nameplate from actual production capacity in 2021. We're going to ramp-up over time. And as we've seen with La Negra II, as we've seen with other things coming, you're not going to start it up on day one and be able to operate at nameplate capacity. So that's not an indication that that's the volume we're going to produce in that year, but we wanted to be consistent with what we told the Street previously to give you a benchmark. So, as I sit and look at it, we have much more opportunity than today we believe we will have the production capacity. So I feel excellent, looking even out in 2025, which is seven years away, to be able to confidently say we're going to be well above our goal of 80% subject to minimum volume contracts.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: All right. I'll take it offline, then. Thanks.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yes.
Operator: The next question is coming from Joel Jackson. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robin Fiedler - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi. This is Robin on for Joel. Thanks for taking my questions. First off, you mentioned that you saw approximately $35 million lost revenue on the 3,000 tons of lower sales volume from the various production issues. So does that mean your average price realizations are around $12,000 a ton? And following that, what are your initial expectations for lithium price realizations in 2019?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well, so I mean, you can do math as easy as I can. If you take the numbers that Scott read, you can get to an average number, but that's a combination of carbonate, hydroxide, technical grade. It's a combination of customers. So I just don't think – there's not one price. You're not selling the commodity that's trading on some exchange. It's different, but that's how the math works.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. This is Eric. There's clearly a mix of different products that are in there. As you know, we don't disclose because it does vary widely by product. We don't get into details disclosing price, because there is no one price there.
Robin Fiedler - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Okay. And just on your initial expectations for price realizations.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: I'm sorry. You had a second question on 2019. Yeah. It's too early to get into 2019. We believe, what we have said before, is that increases would be more of an inflationary type basis as we're going forward in the future years and that seems representative of what we can expect based upon contracts, but we haven't given you a revised outlook for 2019, yet. We'll do that in a number of months and get more precise at that time.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: But what we've always said is 2019 will be more about volume than it'll be about price. And if you look at what we're bringing online with La Negra II being wide open, starting up Xinyu II operations, I certainly would expect we'd see significant volume growth year-over-year. And I think that whenever we get around to doing the number, it's going to be more about volume growth than it is pricing. But as we've said, pricing, I don't expect any downturn in pricing. I expect a slight tailwind in pricing, but you'd also see significant tailwind on volume.
Robin Fiedler - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): And if I can just sneak in one more, have you discovered anything in your initial feasibility work that might suggest that the pond yield increase technology wasn't going to deliver as expected? Or what is it that CCHEN doesn't understand with respect to yield improvement process that is stalling the approval? Thanks.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: It's CCHEN don't have to do anything, first of all. So we're asking them to do something they're not required to do and all they want to see is some proof that it's going to work before they give it to us. That's it. It is not a big deal. Okay. It's not a big deal. If we build – we only need it if we build V and VI. So in due time, all the data that we're working on when we get approval for that yield improvement project, we'll sit down with CCHEN. And if we build V and VI, I'm confident we'll have the ability to sell it.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: And I think it's also important to note, because I just want to make sure this is clear, in our spending, capital spending guidance, there's spending for that yield technology. That continues onwards. As Luke said in his prepared remarks, the way you can think about that is providing buffer in the event that ultimately we do proceed with V and VI, or choose to proceed with that, or whether that's used to further enrich the quality of the brine we have to feed La Negra I through IV. So it is in our spending going forward, but V, VI is on hold.
Robin Fiedler - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is coming from Aleksey Yefremov from Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Matthew Skowronski - Instinet LLC: This is Matt Skowronski on for Aleksey. Just touching on a question earlier, you were on track last quarter for 10 kt year-over-year volume growth. I assume less 3 kilotons this quarter because of the outages. That would make it 7, or am I missing some inventory?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. What you're doing is you're missing some of the tolling. Some of that 3 that we talked about was related to tolling. We're a little – we're going to be south of 10,000 metric tons from our actual production, but part of that is not all of the 3 because some of that 3 was tolling.
Matthew Skowronski - Instinet LLC: Understood. And then, in Catalysts, you mentioned that HPC has been good so far this year and that visibility is pretty clear through the fourth quarter. What are you seeing into 2019? Can we expect another tailwind from HPC demand or is your visibility not that great?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: At this point of the year – this is Raphael, Matt – at this point of the year, we have some visibility to what's going to happen in HPC. A lot of the HPC business, or all of it, is related to change-outs of catalysts, can be a lumpy business. But we expect a year in 2019 to be somewhat consistent with what it looks like with 2018. There's no known changes to our outlook for HPC demand. Overall, there certainly are macroeconomic tailwinds as it relates to sulfur specifications, just like in FCC, there's tailwinds as it relates to olefins output. So overall, the fundamentals of Catalysts are good and I wouldn't expect big differences next year in HPC versus this year in terms of overall performance.
Matthew Skowronski - Instinet LLC: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Mike Sison from KeyBanc. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. Nice quarter. Luke, any changes in your outlook for EV adoption? It's, over the years, EV adoption rates have increased. Just thought I'd get an update on what you're seeing from your folks in terms of the trend there?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: We've not publicly updated our demand model. I will say that there have been some other models that are coming around that would push that up a little bit. The demand that we're seeing from our customers is certainly consistent with that demand model that we've put out there. So, still feeling more confident in that model that we put out, but not any real significant change that I would talk about today.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. And then, in terms of the lithium outages in the third quarter, it doesn't seem like you were alone there. A lot of industries have unplanned outages. So, is this something that we should think about as kind of a routine every year? Every – some facilities will go down. And then, how do you think your customers will react to that? I mean, obviously, your long-term contracts make – are more important to them, but just your general thoughts on that.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: So, Mike, this is Eric. I think it's just – I think the way you need to look at this is standards are going up. So, that's why you see people getting caught with these sort of unexpected outages. In our case, we have a – had underway for some – since we've owned these assets a plan to address them. A good number of the improvements that we aim to make to make it a more sustainable operation going forward are connected to the bringing on of Xinyu II, sort of the site wide sort of infrastructures going on. As Luke said, the authorities clearly understand what we're up to and kind of how we're going to address that. They are very anxious to see lithium production increase and this is a country that, as you know, really wants to see as much domestic lithium production as possible. So, I think it is a one-time sort of change in expectations and, in our case, it's associated with a longer path of addressing things that will be more complete – or complete with – vis-à-vis the remediation plan we have with the government by the time we bring Xinyu II fully online.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Mike Harrison from Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Just on the lithium business and the shortfall that you had in terms of volume and revenue there, you mentioned what the EBITDA impact would have been there. But just looking at the margin number, I think it was surprising that your margin performance was still pretty solid, pretty similar to where you were in the prior year. Can you help us understand why the operational issues didn't have more of an impact on your bottom line?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: No. I think – I mean, at the end of the day we had some cost improvements that we're starting to see in the third quarter that were not affected by the outages. So, again, some of it comes down to mix of product as well, so as Luke said, we had some portion of that outage was tolling. As we said previously, tolling is a quite a low margin versus our internally produced volume as well. So that has a bit of an averaging impact on us as well. So we feel good where that margin came in for the quarter.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. And then, I want to...
David Ryan - Albemarle Corp.: Okay, Mike...
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Sorry. One more quick one, just on the yield increase project and the increased lithium recovery. I want to make sure I understand that your quota is a lifetime quantity of lithium. It's not an annual quantity. So, you can actually exceed that 80,000 metric ton number if you wanted to. It just means you burn through the quarter faster.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: That's exactly right.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. Thanks very much.
David Ryan - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. We'd like to thank everyone for participation in today's conference. We appreciate your time. And this concludes Albemarle's third quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: Dear everyone, that concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining and have a lovely day. Goodbye.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Ryan - Albemarle Corp. Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp. Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp. Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp. Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.
Analysts: Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Ian Bennett - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners LLC Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet Sebastian Bray - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom) Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter Two 2018 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kathy, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dave Ryan, Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
David Ryan - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you, and welcome to the Albemarle's second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday. And you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about our outlook, expected company performance, as well as lithium and electric vehicle demand may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release that some language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude non-operating, non-recurring and other unusual items. GAAP financial measures and reconciliations from those to the adjusted numbers discussed today may be found in our press release and in the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on the call today. First, I want to welcome Netha Johnson to the team as President of Bromine Specialties, and congratulate Raphael Crawford, Eric Norris, and David Ryan for their new roles. I'm very excited about the leadership experience each of them bring to the team and I'm very confident in the team's ability to execute our strategy and deliver significant shareholder value today and well into the future. Now, turning to the quarter results. I'm very pleased with our strong second quarter performance. Excluding the divested businesses, second quarter revenue grew by 20%, adjusted EBITDA grew by 24% and adjusted diluted earnings per share grew by 28% compared to the second quarter of 2017. All three of our businesses delivered double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth. That performance further strengthens our confidence and potential of our portfolio for the short, medium and long-term. Lithium growth continues to be driven by accelerating demand for electric vehicles. The 2017 sales of plug-in and pure electric automobiles were up about 56% over the prior year, and sales through the first half of 2018 are up almost 90% versus the first half of 2017. Our customers are experiencing growth consistent with that data. Recently, major cathode and battery manufacturers have reported year-on-year sales growth, ranging from 21% to 75% for the first half of 2018. Our customers and our customers' customers continue to invest for future growth in a manner that is consistent with the Albemarle demand model. And the global environment for EV adoption continues to build momentum. Since the beginning of 2018, another six countries have either proposed bans on the sale of gas-powered vehicles or introduced new consumer incentives to encourage EV adoption. In the United States, four states have proposed or enacted legislation related to EV infrastructure or incentives, with California placing $2.5 billion toward their Zero-Emission Vehicle program in the form of rebates and charging infrastructure. All of our Lithium capital projects are on track. During the second quarter, we commissioned the front-end of the Xinyu II lithium hydroxide expansion and we anticipate mechanical completion and commissioning of the backend during the fourth quarter. The tie-ins at La Negra II that we told you about last quarter remain on schedule for this quarter. Lastly, the design stage and pre-project work for the Kemerton lithium hydroxide conversion plant are well under way. In Bromine Specialties, demand for flame retardants and other bromine derivatives remains solid. And that is despite of what I would characterize as continued softness in the market for clear completion fluids used in deepwater drilling. Overall market pricing continues to be supported by constrained construction and higher than normal local elemental bromine pricing in China. Based on the market conditions and our excellent resource and cost position, we anticipate steady cash flow from Bromine for the long-term. And in Catalysts, the IMO 2020 marine fuel and other low-sulfur regulations should drive hydroprocessing or HPC catalyst demand. In addition, a more complex global crude slate, a continued demand for propylene and the focus at certain refineries on producing chemicals from crude should benefit in already tight FCC market. Now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke. For the second quarter, we reported net income of $302 million or $2.73 per diluted share, including the gain on the sale of polyolefin catalysts and components that closed on April 3. Excluding the year-on-year impact of that gain and other one-time items, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.36, an increase of about $0.30 per share compared to second quarter 2017 or 28% growth. Growth in our core segments resulted in an increase of about $0.34. Business results were boosted by our share repurchase program and offset by a net cost increase in other areas, primarily due to a higher effective tax rate compared to second quarter of 2017. We have almost completed the $250 million accelerated share repurchase program initiated in May. Based on the strong performance of the company and our long-term growth potential, we continue to believe that Albemarle stock is currently undervalued. Hence, subject to market conditions, we intend to initiate a second buyback of $250 million of stock via another accelerated share repurchase program. In total, that will result in a $0.5 billion of buybacks in 2018, equating to about 5 million shares. This will leave approximately 7.5 million shares remaining under our current authorization. We expect our average share count for all of 2018 to be about 109 million shares and our share count for the second half is expected to be about 108 million. For the first half of the year, net cash from operations was $224 million and we are on track to end the year between $660 million and $730 million. Adjusted free cash flow for the first half was $30 million. Capital expenditures during the first half were $281 million and will continue to ramp during 2018, reflecting growth capital deployment in our Lithium business. We continue to expect full year CapEx to range between $800 million and $900 million. We ended the quarter with operating working capital at 25% of sales, a decrease from the first quarter of 2018 on a percent of sales basis. As we work through the details of U.S. tax reform, we currently expect our 2018 effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items, to trend toward the middle of the previously provided range of 23% to 24%. Depreciation and amortization is expected to range from $195 million to $205 million in 2018. And interest expense is currently expected to range between $45 million and $50 million after capitalization of the interest related to the CapEx and our guidance. Now, moving on to our business performance. In the second quarter, Lithium net sales grew by 30% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA increased by 23%, with adjusted EBITDA margins of 45%. The growth in adjusted EBITDA was driven by a 15% increase in volume and a 12% increase in price. All of our conversion facilities are operating at maximum rates and we continue work to maximize production. We also expect to see an increase in tolling volumes during the second half. In Bromine, second quarter net sales were $221 million, up 8% year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $69 million, up 12%, and adjusted EBITDA margins were strong at 31%. The results were driven by increased volumes, higher pricing and some favorable foreign exchange, partially offset by higher input costs. Of our three businesses, Bromine is the most exposed products in the crude oil chain. The flame retardants demand across electronics and construction continue to be healthy. Catalysts reported second quarter net sales of $285 million, up 23% compared to the second quarter of 2017, excluding divested businesses. Adjusted EBITDA was $75 million, up 30%, with adjusted EBITDA margins of 26%. The polyolefins business sold this quarter contributed approximately $10 million to 2017 second quarter results. Catalysts' performance was driven by increased volume in refinery catalysts and pricing in FCC catalysts. Adjusted EBITDA was unfavorably impacted by the raw material force majeure in curatives, partially offset by insurance collections of about $2 million related to Hurricane Harvey last year. We have been able to partially mitigate the impact related to the force majeure and now expect a full year unfavorable impact of approximately $5 million, down from our previous estimate of $10 million. We also anticipate a full year favorable benefit of approximately $5 million from insurance settlements related to Hurricane Harvey. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, thanks, Scott. Our strong first half has positioned 2018 as another outstanding year for Albemarle. In Lithium, we now expect full year adjusted EBITDA growth in the low- to mid-20% range year-over-year. The tie-ins at La Negra II are currently on schedule for the third quarter. Therefore, the second half of 2018 is anticipated to look a lot like the first half for Lithium, with 3Q earnings similar to first quarter and 4Q earnings similar to the second. Bromine continues to benefit from favorable market conditions. We now expect full year adjusted EBITDA growth in the high single-digits on a percentage basis. Finally, with reduced impact from the force majeure in curatives and the favorable impact of the insurance settlements related to Harvey, we now expect full year adjusted EBITDA growth for the Catalysts segment to reach high single-digits, excluding divested businesses. Similar to 2017, the fourth quarter is forecasted to be stronger than the third due to the timing of the CFT orders. As always with CFT, there is some risk related to orders slipping from one quarter or one year to the next. As a result of all that, we are increasing our guidance for 2018. We now expect 2018 net sales of between $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion, adjusted EBITDA of between $990 million and $1.02 billion and adjusted EPS of between $5.30 and $5.50 per share. As Scott mentioned earlier, we believe the stock is currently undervalued and expect to initiate a second stock buyback. As was the case with the buyback we initiated in May, the growth potential of our businesses, the strength of our balance sheet and our operating cash flow give us the confidence that we can take this action, execute our capital projects, maintain our long-term EBITDA ratios and still have plenty of firepower leftover for opportunities that are consistent with our strategy. We remain committed to and confident in our strategy, and in our ability to execute that strategy in a way that should drive significant shareholder value into the foreseeable future. With that, we'll open it up to questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Bob Koort, Goldman Sachs Please go ahead, sir.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. This is Dylan Campbell on for Bob. So, we're seeing some weakness in Chinese spot lithium prices recently, but the year-over-year pricing remains strong for Albemarle. So I guess, when you look forward to the second half of 2018 and 2019, how are your contractor pricing discussions going with customers? And then, also, could we expect some further incremental pricing growth from just the laddering structure of your contracts?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. If you look at – as we've always said, because of our long-term contract strategy, China spot pricing has no impact on our pricing and you shouldn't see a correlation. I think this quarter, really, you're beginning to see that as the China spot pricing is down and our pricing is up year-over-year. So, we think that that's a validation and we will continue to see that. As you look at pricing, I think we've said pricing would be in a similar range for the full year, year-over-year, and we don't see any change to that. It's a little too early to talk about 2019, but we're having good conversations about contracts from a volume standpoint, from a commitment standpoint, from an extension standpoint, and from a price standpoint going forward. So, more on that as we start talking about 2019, but everything looks good today.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you. And for Lithium EBITDA, you said that 3Q is going to be similar to 1Q, calling out some one-time items with the tie-in, but I'm a little bit more curious on the flat EBITDA between 2Q and 4Q. Can you provide kind of what this implies for your volume and pricing trends through the end of the year in terms of sequential movements?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. You'll see – I mean, third quarter will be down sequentially for the reasons we talked about and then they'll be up from third to fourth quarter from a volumetric standpoint.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: This is Eric. And just to add, a part of that, remember, is we do tie-ins in the third quarter, which then allows us to bring the rates of La Negra up to the full potential. And so, in the fourth quarter, we'll start having the benefit of those high production rates.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from P.J. Juvekar, Citi.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. This is Scott Goldstein on for P.J. Thanks for taking my question. So, I guess, in Lithium, when we're thinking about your longer term contracts, I think in the past, you've mentioned the durations can range between three to five years with some going as long as 10 years. I was just wondering, is there a particularly grade of lithium, like whether it'd be hydroxide or carbonate, where you're seeing more demand for longer-term terms than the other grades?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Go ahead, Eric.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Great. So, Scott, yes, it's Eric here. So, we are seeing – when we enter these contracts, they are specific to the product and they're split between carbonate and hydroxide roughly, which just certainly mirrors our production planning and our capital expansion planning. And beyond that, they're specific to a grade of carbonate and hydroxide. We have 20 different specs across the range of products we supply to these customers and some of them are unique to certain customers. So, they're very specific and allows us to plan accordingly. As we've said a couple of times, hydroxide is coming off a lower base. So, on a CAGR basis, yes, hydroxides are growing faster, but the demand is roughly split between the two.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. Another question on Catalysts. I think at your Investor Day in early 2017, you talked about expected growth at around 3% per year over the next five years. With the rollout of IMO 2020, maybe could you talk about how, I guess – does that change your expectation for the long-term growth in Catalysts going forward?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Scott, this is Raphael. No, I think the IMO standard, that'll be a contributor to the growth. Overall, as part of a larger trend, which is really about contaminant sulfur removal from transportation fuel, that contributes to growth. The overall crude slate becoming more heavy and sour, that's favorable for our Catalysts business, both for FCC and HPC, as well as the trends toward chemicals output from refineries. And we have specific technology, Max Propylene, other technologies, which support that trend. So, when you combine all of that together, we believe that offsets whatever downside there might be from increased fuel efficiency or EV trends. So, overall, net positive.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. And the other thing I'd say is, in our 2017, IMO 2020 was already on the rise. And so I wouldn't treat that as something that's a new revelation that we didn't have in that model. And so, it will help us along the edge, but it won't make a step change.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from John Roberts of UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Can you tell us what the sequential price change was in Lithium? And I believe you include mix in your average selling price changes. So, how do we think about mix in that business currently and as we go forward?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. This is Scott. So, sequentially, we're up around 2%. There is a bit of customer mix in there. That's hard to strip that out of the analytics, but generally, product mix and other types of mix are not included in that number. So, it's about as pure as a price number as you're going to be able to get from our results. But, overall, good traction from pricing on a year-over-year basis as well as sequentially reflecting that trend towards the longer term contracts and the support that's behind us.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And back on Catalysts, do you envision any investment to be able to either on the IMO 2020 because that might go beyond maybe next year? And then secondly, on the crude-to-chemicals kind of investment refiners have made, do you see any investment going into Catalysts? And would you even put more capital or investment into that business or would you just maybe not grow as fast as the market?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, let's break it down. So from a IMO, that would impact the HPC catalysts. And we would have investments, but they would be more debottlenecks, more than anything else or changing our technology around a little bit to best fit that. That'll be, as I look at it, encompassed within our continuity capital that we would spend on a regular basis that we've always talked about in the range of 4% to 6% per year. If you look at the crude-to-chemicals, you're really talking about FCC catalysts. And the fact of the matter is today – at the prices we see today, I don't see reinvestment economics in the price we're seeing to FCC catalysts today. So, unless we see those type – an improvement in price to get to those reinvestment economics, we would find another way to meet demand, but it wouldn't be a significant capital. It would be debottlenecking. It would be ways to increase our yield. It would be ways for us to be able to do that as part of our continuity capital, but a significant investment in other plant. We need to see higher FCC pricing and the team's working on that. So we're seeing good traction on FCC pricing. So we may get there, but we got to ways to go to justify reinvestment economics there.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan. Jeff, your line is now live.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sorry about that. When you look at the lithium market today, do you think the supply demand balance is becoming looser or tighter or staying the same, say, over the next 12 months?
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Jeff. Eric here. So, our view is it's pretty balanced and about the same. It hasn't changed much. It continues to be challenging to produce where the growth is, which is in the battery grade area. You have the majors, ourselves included, expanding to meet that. But the time to bring that on, as it corresponds to demand, we see that being about the same, pretty balanced.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: And if you look at it over the next 12 months, Jeff, I don't see a whole lot change. If you look at our forecasted growth, what our customers are saying, and you look at what we're bringing online, we're going to be about where we are today from a sold out position and still relying on some tolling. So, it's about where it is now. In buckets, you can look at carbonate versus hydroxide and see a little bit different story there where one being tighter and one being a little alone. But from a pricing standpoint, from a demand standpoint, we're not seeing – I don't anticipate anything in the next 12 months that would have a material impact.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And so, as a base case, when you model the financial returns of your Lithium business, do you assume that the benefit to Albemarle over a longer period of time are really going to come from volume growth, and that as a base case, prices neutral from where we...
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Absolutely. When we model it, the way we model it, to look at the investments, our returns, what we ought to do, we had – it is now for the next few years a volume story for us. Where we are able to achieve price in these long-term contracts, we will do so. But we've taken the philosophy on those long-term contracts, we want to have a minimum price guarantee and a minimum volume. But it will be a volume growth story more so than a massive price, which Jeff is consistent with what we've been saying for a couple years. But, yeah, you got it right on that.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Good. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Luke and Scott, just on Lithium pricing in 2018, is your guidance still up high single-digits for the full year, year-on-year?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. That's correct, David. We're right on track of with where we actually entered the year and are tracking right on what we thought. So if you remember, we came into the year expecting high single-digit pricing in Lithium, it would be higher on a year-over-year basis in the first half and declining as we go into the second half as those comps get more difficult.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very good. And just also on Lithium volumes, are you still on track for 10,000 ton increase year-over-year in Lithium?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yes.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question comes from Colin Rusch of Oppenheimer.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks so much. Given the rapid pace of battery chemistry evolution, particularly for vehicles, how quickly are you seeing the need to tweak formulations on the concentrates to really meet customer specs?
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Colin, this is Eric. I would say it's an ongoing evolution, right? If Glen Merfeld, our Chief Technology Officer, were here, he would tell you that what's happening is a continual effort by battery producers or cathode manufacturers that serve them to get more lithium out of the – or get more energy density out of the cell. There's a certain amount of lithium that's not used in the cell and there's opportunity to get 5%, 10%, 20% greater density per cell. And so, there are incremental innovations looking at changes to potentially the anode that are – slight doping of the anode that are going on. Some of this often will happen on the cellphone side before it happens on the EV side, but those are ongoing. In terms of what it means from a cathode standpoint, in some cases, some of the innovations may use the same cathode chemistry. In other cases, you'll see evolution towards higher energy density cathodes. NMC 622 is definitely the trend that we see in the market today for high nickel cathodes. NMC 811 is often talked about, but still has a lot of engineering to go around safety and therefore, cost effectiveness and its application. So, it is an ongoing effort that requires us to be responsive, both in terms of ideas we have, but also in terms of formulation with cathode chemistry.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. And then, just given the lifespan of most vehicle programs being five to seven years, how much fluidity are you expecting within those vehicle programs? And I understand that this is really trying to get some insight into your customers' customers, but as vehicle OEMs try to extend life and lower weight requirements – or extend vehicle range and lower weight requirements, how much fluidity are you seeing in terms of that evolution in terms of the chemistry as you were just talking about?
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Well, it's kind of hard for me to separate your first question from your second because they're interrelated. Maybe that was your intent. So, I would say that, I think in a lot of cases, it's with – as you said, five year vehicle – the five year plan is locked down and there are certain targets in terms of energy that are expected out of the cell for a certain model. There is some – based on a number of vendors that OEM manufacturer go to, there is some flexibility for the battery producer to manipulate materials, manipulate chemistries to hit that target. And so, I guess there's some fluidity there in how they get there, but the targets in terms of the range per vehicle tend to be much more locked down over a long period of time.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ian Bennett, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ian Bennett - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. And perhaps I'm reading too much into it, but I noticed on the key messages in the beginning of the slide deck this quarter, Wave 1 expansions on track is no longer there. So, maybe I'm reading too much into it, given you are still on track for La Negra. And then, perhaps related to that question, I was wondering if you could comment, in two of the regions where you're expanding capacity. First, in Australia, the dispute with Global Advanced Metals and that trial date, if that's having any impact at all on your ability to increase production in that region and what potential financial damage they're claiming? And then, in Chile, news articles about being slow to respond to CORFO, if that's having any effect at all? And I know that they're changing the way – the oversight of the mineral in that country. Comments on that would be helpful. Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hey, this is Luke. You're reading way too much into the – what the key message. We're right on track. And that's what we said in the script. We're on track to deliver everything that we've said to the Street and everything that we said we'll deliver to our customers. So, you ought not assume any change to that. We're rolling right along. As it relates to Australia, the dispute with GAM is against Talison. That has been a dispute that we've talked about in the past and we don't see it having any impact. And our partner, Tianqi, in that would – I think their public comments would be similar. We don't see it having an impact. It's a dispute that if it needs to get resolved, it will. If not, we're very confident in our legal position. From Chile, what I would say about Chile is we are in compliance with every term of every agreement that we signed related to Lithium. And I don't see any issue with our ability to get the brine to run our facilities in La Negra today, tomorrow and throughout the term of that agreement.
Ian Bennett - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. And as a follow-up, you've accelerated another share repurchase. You made comments about Albemarle stock being undervalued. It looks like also, during the last couple of months, many of the junior companies have experienced greater declines in their equity value. I was wondering if you could update on how you think about consolidation in this industry and the relative importance between relationships with customers and low cost assets. Thanks.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think that the low-cost assets, first of all, drive your cost position. And then, your relationships with your customers drive what your price is going to be and how you're going to move that supply once you have it. So, I think you got to have both. And if you have one and not the other, you may have a decent business, but you're subject to whim. So, what we have is low-cost resources that are geographic diverse with long-term agreements, with the major cathode producers around the globe. So, we feel like we're in the best – in the catbird seat really as we look to that. As I look other juniors and what the valuations may be, there's still a difference – what we have to look at is what do we have in front of us that we can execute on, what's the cost of that and what's the return on that for the capital that we're going to invest, and what's the time that it takes us to do that. Any acquisition needs to be one that accelerates, de-risk and provides a better return of our capital than what we see in front of us. If we see that in front of us, we have the capability with our balance sheet and our ability to execute to be able to seize upon those opportunities, but we're going to be disciplined in doing so.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Joel Jackson, BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi. Good morning. One of your larger bromine competitors spoke about bromine for them over earned in Q2. They're expecting lower earnings the second half of the year. You seem to be modeling more to flat to up Bromine earnings in the second half of the year. Can you give a little more color on that? Anything happening in Q2 a little bit stronger. It doesn't seem like for your business.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. If you look at it – I don't know what happened with one of our competitors, but what we're looking at now is relatively flat second half versus first half in Bromine from a bottom-line standpoint. I don't see anything. If we had – it all comes down, honestly, to the amount of product we're able to get out because we're sold out and it's how our assets run. And if our assets run better, that may move us a little bit to the upside of our range. If they don't operate as well, that may move us to the lower side of the range. But to us, it's all in the second half, if the market conditions remain similar, which what it appears to do, it's all about our ability to execute and run those sites.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): And I apologize if this question was asked earlier, but, Luke, Eric, we all see the daily, the weekly, the monthly spot Chinese carbonate prices falling. There's a question about how good the information content is in that data. Can you maybe comment on that? Is there any connection between those data points and what you would see in your contract pricing in the next – you've answered some of this, but is there any informational content really in that data?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I don't look at it. I mean the only time I bring it up is whenever you guys ask me about it and I have to go ask somebody what the Chinese spot price has done because it's really irrelevant. What's relevant to us is what's the cost that makes our customers – gives them the value that they're willing to pay for and gives us the return that we need to invest the capital. So, I'm the wrong guy to talk about spot pricing in China and, well, it's relative or anything else because I just – I never look at it.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Thanks.
Operator: The next question from Kevin McCarthy, Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Good morning. I was wondering if you could provide an update with the progress on your contract negotiations with cathode manufacturers. I think in the past, you had expressed the goal of converting about 80% of the contracts by the first quarter of 2019. Is that still the case? And perhaps you could elaborate on the various contract features that you're seeking and how that's been received by your customer base?
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Kevin, this is Eric. I think just to repeat to what I recall us saying. We indicated that this was an important year because we had some contract naturally maturing, and others where we – either ourselves or the customers, proactively approaching us for contracts that weren't maturing, that wanted to be, for one party or other, extended longer term. And for us, that's beneficial obviously so we can plan production. So, how that's going? We have a few more contracts that we've closed. Those terms are moving out to the middle of the next decade, by and large. It depends by the contract, but that's – we're moving beyond five years, whereas in the past, I think, we've indicated three to five years. Yet, we still have more to go, right. I think we indicated that this will be an important year and we're making great progress thus far. And we, clearly from what we're seeing, (00:38:22) continue to expect to see similar progress going forward. The terms of these aren't different than what we described before, right. There's a components of a floor price, minimum volume and right of first refusal on additional volumes based upon the customers' growth, openers that are bidding, not the customers, and a return that gives a price that results in a return, that's 2x our cost of capital on an after-tax basis. So, all those elements are still in play. What's really changing is the length of that term and obviously, the volumes are getting larger for those customers as well. And we'll, by the end of the year, likely, therefore, in our fourth quarter call in the beginning of 2019 going to give a more thorough update on all of those matters.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And then as a follow-up, how would you compare and contrast demand for hydroxide versus carbonate? One of your peers seems to be seeing a mix shift toward hydroxide. Is that something that you observe as well? And if so, what might be driving that and how sustainable might it be in your judgment?
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Well, given our size and our position in carbonate, we have, I'll say, the opportunity to serve both markets, right. So that's maybe where we differ by some of our peers. We have a significant carbonate and we're building a – and have and are building an even more significant hydroxide capacity. As you know, Kevin, the plan for building capacity has us building more hydroxide capacity going forward than carbonate and that's because we're starting from a smaller base. And that is also true of the market. The market for hydroxide overall outside of Albemarle is smaller and the demand growth therefore is growing off a smaller base. In terms of what's happening at the customer, as I indicated in an earlier question, we're seeing demand for both. Now, what we are certainly – and this is – we even had a question about Chinese EV policy, but in China, we're seeing a clear move to nickel chemistry. And we – it's very likely that we'll see an uptick in hydroxide needs for what's going on in China where they're putting their EV infrastructure and vehicles in place. But all that being said, the contract commitments we have that go out into the next decade are pretty balanced between carbonate and hydroxide. And it really does depend on the cathode or battery manufacturers' infrastructure, the know-how they have in place to process and therefore the preference they have for one or the other.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners LLC: It's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov of Nomura Instinet.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: Good morning. Thank you. Sorry to come back to the China question. I recognize that they don't have exposure to China spot lithium market, but can you offer us your view of what is going on in that whole lithium-to-EV value chain? Is there anything that you see that has implications for EV sales in China and therefore global demand for Lithium?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Really, the only thing that I could hypothesize is that there are some lower grade carbonate that's in China that when you look at the Chinese regulations moving to a longer storage and a longer battery is having a tough time finding a place in the marketplace for EV because it won't meet that standard for that longer drive time under the new regulations in China. So it's of less value and somebody's trying to find a spot for. That's the best I can offer you. I don't think it's going to have any impact at all in our business.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: Got It. Thank you, Luke. And then, staying in China on Xinyu II, what could be the benefit in terms of volume next year? Should we think of the ramp of Xinyu II as just offsetting some of the tolling volume that you have next year or will this be incremental to the tolling level that you have this year?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: It's going to be incremental. And so, at full rates, it would be 20,000 metric tons on an annual basis. I don't think we can expect it to start up and sell out 20,000 met tons and run that way. So, is it going to be – we'll have a better handle around the second – the next call, but my expectations would be to get something around 15,000 or something like that out of that plant next year, that would be good operations assuming that they get commissioned and started on the back end of that during the fourth quarter, I would hope. That may be a stretch, but I would hope we'd be able to do that.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Sebastian Bray of Berenberg.
Sebastian Bray - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. I would have three, please. The first is on the extent of coverage of your volumes with longer-term contracts. Could you please give an idea of what percentage of your volumes are booked out for the next two to three years with longer-term contracts? I think the target, from memory, was about 50% by the end of this year. The second one is more on the development of Lithium demand this year. Do you have enough visibility now to say you would expect the market to grow by, let's say, 20% or potentially even more percent in absolute terms? Would this be about 260 kilotons to 270 kilotons? And lastly, a question on Catalysts. This business is, I think, has been mentioned in the previous question. People were typically thinking of low single-digit growth for. Suddenly, it has grown by over 10% volumes. Is this a catch-up effect? Is it some pre-stocking ahead of IMO legislation? Could you elaborate a bit please on why this business has grown as pleasingly as it has in Q2?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Let me let me take the first one. On the coverage on our long-term agreements over the next two to three years, that's probably going to be 95%-plus from what we can produce. Next year, as we said, we're going to have to rely on tolling as well. So we're selling more than we can produce internally because we're still relying on tolling. Our goal long-term is to be right around 80%, but we won't get there until sometime early the next decade, if you look, I would assume. On the demand, Eric, do you want to solve (00:45:09) a little bit about that, please?
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Yes. So, I mean, I think – I'm trying to remember what we said in the past, so what industry prognosticators often say, but it's a growth that's sort of in that neighborhood of 20% year-on-year is sort of the expectation maybe going forward. Now, I can tell you that this year the demand growth, from what we see, looks stronger than that on a percentage basis. And it's coming – Luke in his script referenced a near doubling of EV demand. There's demand that's coming from other places like e-buses. There's demand coming from even industrial applications with a strong global economy. So, we're seeing demand that could approach close to 50,000 metric tons year-over-year on a market that, last year, we indicated, by our estimates, was 220,000 metric tons. So that's a stronger growth than we would have thought at the beginning of the year.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: And then, if you look at Catalysts, I would view it – when you're looking at this year-over-year growth, you got to get it back to 2017. And if you go back 2017 and look at Catalysts from a full year basis, we would have been down year-over-year. So, 2017 was weaker than 2016. So, 2018, if we're high single-digits, we catch back up, or we maybe a little bit ahead or a little bit down. So, overall, as we've talked about, this is a lumpy business. FCC is more consistent. The CFT market in hydroprocessing catalysts, based on customer mix and product mix, and whenever they turn around, you have different costs based on where you are in that turnaround cycle. So, it happens to be this year that we're up after a down year last year. Overall, when you look at it over the course of five to 10 years, I would still expect that kind of 3% growth is where we'd end up on a CAGR basis.
Sebastian Bray - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Arun Viswanathan, RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to ask about the costs you're experiencing in Lithium. How would you characterize the cost curve over the last year and what's your outlook over the next year? I mean, have you seen any material changes to cash cost for yourself and do you see those rising over the next year?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: If you look at cash cost at plants, I mean, there are always year-on-year inflationary impacts, but if you look at that and productivity and then look more broadly at the competitive set, the combination of cost curves – our cost position in the cost curve and our position relative to competitors doesn't change. We're still on the left-hand side of the cost curve for carbonate, with brine and similarly with rock for hydroxide. Now, you have to also consider, what you're going to see in our results is the royalties – royalty structure, which also affects our cost structure. So, now we're – at current volume prices, we're at the high end – at the very high end of that royalty curve or tier. So, you will see times – on a comparison basis, where our costs are high because of that component, but all other components are largely as expected or similar to previous.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And just two more quick ones. So, first on pricing, when you see the high single-digit price increase for this year kind of go through, does that bring your average pricing kind of more in line where it should be or do you still have more rollovers that would drive further price gains next year?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. We've still got a few rollovers, but I mean – the only thing I would characterize is – I wouldn't characterize this is not in line. It's fine in line with where we are, but when you see these contracts renew, there is some opportunity for some adjustments in price, but it'll be – as we've talked about with – I think it was Zekauskas' question, what we'll see next year is more of a volume story than a price story. And that's what you see as we bring this new capital line, still some opportunity in price, but really, really it's more a volume story.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks. And last one is just Tianqi recently announced that they're investing a little bit more to increase some spodumene production in Australia. I think it's like 1.8 million tons or so by 2021. Would you get any offtake from that, or is that something that we could look for you to grow further in, or is that not a market for you guys?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: No. So, it was actually Talison, not Tianqi. Tianqi is our partner. Talison made the announcement. And this is part of what's enabling the growth plan that we have that we've described. It's not in the current earnings deck, but it's certainly in our website. The expanding Lithium conversion capacity chart we have in Wave 1 and Wave 2. And under the bylaws and the relationship we have, any increase in offtake, we get half of and Tianqi get the other half. So, it doesn't go to market. It goes to us and enables that Wave 1 and there'll be a continued plan towards Wave 2 capacity expansions as well.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question we have is from Mike Sison of KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. Nice quarter. Luke, you kind of opened up and talked a little bit more positively again on EVs. Can you maybe just update us on your outlook for Lithium? Has it increased since the beginning of the year and to what degree? And you had a lot of nice highlights on what you think demand should be at the beginning of the call.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. No, if you look, our demand model remains fairly consistent with what we talked about earlier. And if you remember at one of our – at our previous calls and in some of our decks that we've got online and we've used that, some of the seminars that we've been to, in 2025, we're saying a total demand of around 800,000 metric tons. Transportation would amount to 550,000 metric tons of that, consumer electronics, 110,000 metric tons, and all other industrial uses about 140,000 metric tons. So, we haven't changed in that, although what I was trying to point out is the data that we've seen, the demand from our customers, the steps taken by our customers' customers committing to capital is all consistent with that demand model that we laid out early this year. So, during the course of this year, we've gotten even more confident in our demand model and even more confident in the growth that we anticipate between now and 2025.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Then, as a quick follow-up, there still seems to be some concern that Lithium pricing could significantly fall over time. Do you see a scenario where your contract pricing can fall significantly over the next couple of years?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: No.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Just a couple of quick ones. Scott, the cash flow from operations guidance stayed flat, even though, EBITDA, you took the bottom end and the high end up. I did see some comments in the release and such about raw materials. Is this just a working capital build or what's the story there?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yes. Vincent, this is primarily driven by – given our earnings up, our revenues up as well, so we have a bit more working capital. Obviously, that's going to be a bit of a drag on our cash flow. So, that's really all it reflects.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just – I've been reading some things about workers' strikes in Chile, maybe more for BHP and others, but is that something that you're concerned about at all?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: We're not concerned at all. In fact, we recently just negotiated all of our union contracts for another three years. So, we feel like we're in great shape. Have a wonderful working relationship with our employees, both in the Salar, in Santiago and La Negra. There's a lot of activity down there right now. So, working with them together to get those contracts renewed, took a lot of great leadership from both the employees' side on the unions and ours. So, kudos to all those guys.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Good to hear. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Harrison of Seaport Global Securities.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. You mentioned in Catalysts that the FCC prices had moved a little bit higher. Can you just give us a little bit more detail on what you're seeing in the FCC pricing environment and your utilization rates in FCC right now?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Sure, Mike. This is Raphael. FCC utilization rates are fairly high right now. They're actually for – for the major players, it's very high. In China, utilization is lowered by Chinese FCC producers. But overall, it's a good market for FCC, given where utilization is. That's been favorable for pricing. We've seen pricing trending upward in most of our established markets. And I think that's a good sign. Pricing is a function not just of utilization rates, but it's also in the value you can deliver to your customers. And we're fortunate to have good technical products and technical people to help sell those solutions to our customers.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: I was also hoping, Raphael, that you could break out the 16% volume growth that you saw year-on-year in Catalysts. What were the separate volume growth rates for FCC versus HPC? Thank you.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: It's Scott. Yeah. So, Mike, we don't normally split those out, but we saw volume growth in both businesses.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Sheehan of SunTrust.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Could you talk about Lithium margins over the next – say, in 2019? You have shifting and moving parts throughout the year. How should we think about the seasonality or cadence of margins quarter-by-quarter?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. This is Luke. We look at it normally on an annual basis because if we got a – you got a plant that's running 40,000 metric tons and you shut it down for a week or two – or two weeks for something, you can see a change. So, what I would say is what we've always said. We expect these margins to be north of 40% and we believe we'll be able to hold that well into the future. If we look last year, I think our overall Lithium margins on an EBITDA basis were roughly 43% to 44% on a round. And if I look at it this year, first quarter, it was kind of 44%, second quarter was 45%. So, we're kind of right on where we've said we're going to be. I think, overall, for the full year, you'll see similar margins that we saw in the first quarter. And I'll expect, as we get out in 2019, we would see similar type margins.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. And on the IMO fuel standards for marine fuels, are you seeing any impact in your business this early, any impact on demand or pricing, or is that something that is going to ramp slowly over time as the regulation is implemented?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Jim, we haven't seen – this is Raphael, we haven't seen any impact of that yet. And to your point, I think it'll ramp slowly over time. It's an overall trend in the industry towards lower sulfur transportation fuel, not just in marine, but around the world, but it's a slow ramp.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Kapsch of Loop Capital Markets.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Good morning. My questions are follow-ups around the increased activity with tollers. I guess, tolling has always been part of the mix and I think, indeed, it was a tolling relationship with Jiangxi Jiangli, which ultimately led to the acquisition at the time what was probably one of the best converters in China. So the questions are, a couple of things, one, are these tollers that you're working with now, are they totally focused on battery-grade lithium products and you're comfortable with them hitting those specs? And then, given that these tolling pounds are part of the mix, is it having any sort of dampening effect on margins currently? And if that's the case, as you expand your in-house conversion capacity and shift more of that volume back in house, will that have an influence on the margin outlook?
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Chris. This is Eric. So with regard to tolling, as you know, we qualify and spend a lot of time working in getting the right tollers. We make sure we're working with folks we know and believe they have the right quality. All that being said, it is not used in battery-grade products, right? We use this largely for technical-grade product lines or our customer relationships that we have. As we've said often on over the past couple of quarters and years, we'll continue to use that as swing capacity as we bring on plants and bring off to support ourselves because it is a lower-margin business, right. It does have a margin-dampening effect. And you're seeing a little – and we expect a little bit of that in the coming quarter, right? We will have tolling volumes that's offsetting some of the lack of volume we otherwise would have had coming out of La Negra because we're having a tie-in at La Negra. So, yeah, our expectation is you'll probably see more of a margin impact from the – from what goes on than a sales impact with La Negra because of that tolling phenomenon, being that swing capacity we bring on to buffer the situation.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up. I mean, given that most of these relationships are not focused on the battery grades, is it fair to assume then that the strategy will be to build out organic in-house conversion capacity as opposed to considering maybe another converter acquisition?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: We will look at that as it comes. And it depends upon what the timing is, it depends upon what the capabilities of that toller is, and it depends upon what the return on invested capital would be, and what we would have to invest in there. So, we look at that, obviously, but the return's got to be right for us to do an acquisition, given where we are from an organic. And as we look at it as well, we've talked about the importance of having assets within China and outside of China because within China any export of lithium hydroxide has a 17% non-recoverable VAT. And we just want to be sure we can service our customers efficiently and effectively outside of China and inside of China.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining, and have a good day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp. Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp. Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp. John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp. Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp. Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.
Analysts: Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. David Huang - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co. Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners LLC Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC Peter Osterland - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2018 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Eric Norris, Chief Strategy Officer. Please proceed.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you, Jasmine, and welcome everyone to Albemarle's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday. And you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albermarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Bromine Specialties; Silvio Ghyoot, President, Catalysts; and John Mitchell, President, Lithium. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future actions or performance of the company as well as lithium demand may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal security laws. Please note, the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release, that same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude non-operating, non-recurring and other unusual items. GAAP financial measures and reconciliation from those to the adjusted numbers discussed today may be found in our press release and the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Finally, as announced during the third quarter 2017 earnings conference call, we are now reporting segment revenues and earnings in a new format. Performance Catalyst, which previously had been consolidated with Lithium, is now consolidated with Refining Solutions in a segment titled as Catalysts. Please refer to our 8-K filing of March 12, 2018 for the restatement of segment revenue and earnings in prior periods under this new reporting format. Also note that most external databases that provide consensus earnings estimates have not yet updated their estimates for this new segmentation format. Now I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased with our start to 2018, which highlights the growth of our Lithium business, the strong cash generation of our portfolio, the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to successfully execute our capital expansions in Lithium. First quarter net sales grew by 14% and adjusted EBITDA grew by 18% over the prior year. Lithium delivered double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth of 31%, and both Bromine and Catalysts delivered solid results with strong cash flow. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share grew by 24% compared to the prior year. Consistent with our efforts to manage the portfolio and maintain a strong balance sheet, we closed on the sale of our polyolefin catalysts and components business to W.R. Grace for a sum of $416 million on April the 3. Our lithium capital projects remain on track at planned spending of between $550 million and $675 million for 2018. Page 6 of the earnings presentation deck outlines the progression and timing of expansion plans for carbonate and hydroxide conversion capacity. Let me provide a brief update on that project. We were in the construction phase for the Xinyu II lithium hydroxide expansion in China and plan to commission the plan in early 2019. During the second half of 2018, we expect to make electrical tie-ins in La Negra relating to the expansion. La Negra II is on track to reach nameplate run rates in 2019. And we have moved from engineering to construction for the La Negra III, IV lithium carbonate expansion. We still expect to commission La Negra III in 2020. In the Salar de Atacama, by the end of the fourth quarter 2018, we expect to reach the full pumping rate of 442 liters per second, which is the rate needed to supply the additional capacity in 2020. Engineering activities have commenced in Kemerton, Australia for a new lithium hydroxide plant, with expectations to commission the first 40,000 metric tons in 2021. During the past quarter, we received approval from CORFO to increase our lithium production quota in Chile to as much as 145,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate equivalent. In parallel, we progressed the engineering for our prime yield enhancement project in the Atacama and began feasibility work for additional lithium carbonate conversion capacity in Chile. Now let's look at lithium demand. During the past quarter, we outlined the assumptions behind our view of electric vehicle and lithium growth that we expect to result in a global market of over 800,000 metric tons on an LCE basis by 2025. Those assumptions are on page 7 of our earnings presentation deck. We continue to see validation of these demand assumptions. During the past few months, for example, both Volkswagen and Volvo made commitments to significant electrification of their vehicle fleet by 2025. These recent announcements are good indicators of not only the size of the investments along the value chain, but also of the timing. Commitments throughout the supply chain are now being made for 2025 supply. I'd like to use Volkswagen's announcement as an illustration of what's happening in the supply chain. To reach their targeted sales of 2 million to 3 million electric vehicles by 2025, Volkswagen announced that they expect to invest about $25 billion. Volkswagen will convert 9 production lines to electrical vehicles by 2020 and another 7 lines by 2022, for a total of 16 electric vehicle production lines. Volkswagen plans to contract for approximately 150 gigawatt hours of battery capacity per year to supply those lines. They have already awarded about $25 billion in battery contracts and expect to award additional supply contracts soon. Battery cell producers are expected to invest between $9 billion and $12 billion to meet this 150-gigawatt-per-year supply commitment for Volkswagen. To put this in perspective, Tesla's Nevada factory is targeted for 35 gigawatts of capacity at full rates. Using our assumptions for lithium intensity showed on page 7 of the earnings presentation deck, 150 gigawatt hours equates to roughly 140,000 metric tons of new lithium capacity. That's equivalent to about two-thirds of the 2017 global demand of about 220,000 metric tons. And this is for an OEM which had about 11% of the global auto market share in 2017. Now, Volkswagen may or may not hit their 2025 electric vehicle target, but the point of this illustration is that companies in supply chain need to lock up commitments for each critical raw material to meet this type of targeted growth. This dynamic should benefit lithium producers for years to come. Albemarle has a track record of being able to build and operate large-scale production facilities that provide a reliable supply of high-purity derivative products. That track record, combined with our technical expertise and our ability to fund growth, makes us an ideal partner for the OEM supply chain. Others have tried to enter this supply chain in the past. To-date, only the majors have consistently demonstrated an ability to supply the volume and the quality of electric vehicle-grade lithium required by the global OEM supply chain. Before I turn the call over to Scott, I'd like to emphasize that our lithium expansion plans are not about market share gain. In fact, we expect this full implementation of our capacity expansions will result in Albemarle only maintaining its market share. Our strategy is to build up capacity to meet long-term commitments to our customers with floor price economics that provide a strong return to our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, we reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.30, an increase of 24% compared to the first quarter of 2017. The increase was driven by an adjusted EBITDA increase of $31 million or about $0.21 per share from our Lithium business. Lower corporate costs and favorable foreign exchange contributed about $0.08 per share. We continue to expect our 2018 effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension, and OPEB items, to trend toward the lower end of the previously provided range of 23% to 24%. Operating working capital ended the quarter at 26.3% of sales, an increase from the fourth quarter of 2017. Capital expenditures during the first quarter were $132 million and will continue to ramp during 2018, reflecting growth capital deployment in our Lithium business. We continue to expect full-year CapEx to range between $800 million and $900 million. Net cash from operations was $122 million, which was about 50% ahead of first quarter 2017, and we still expect to end 2018 between $660 million and $730 million, more than double our 2017 results. And finally, currency exchange rates compared to 2017 were a tailwind to adjusted EBITDA of about $6 million in the first quarter. Our 2017 average rate was just over $1.12 per euro and Q1 2018 averaged about $1.22. Now, moving on to our business performance. Lithium sales increased by 38% compared to the first quarter of 2017 and adjusted EBITDA increased by 31%, with adjusted EBITDA margins of 44%. Volume growth for the first quarter was 19%, with pricing improving by 14%, driven by the increasing demand from our contracted customers. All of our conversion facilities are operating at maximum rates, as we work to bring additional capacity online. In Bromine, first quarter sales of $226 million and adjusted EBITDA of $70 million were up 3% and 2%, respectively compared to the first quarter of 2017. Adjusted EBITDA margins were strong at 31%. Sales growth was driven by moderate price increases, partially offset by freight and raw material costs and by lower volumes caused by constraints in elemental bromine, which we expect to continue through Q2. The market for flame retardants, primarily in electronics, automotive and construction, remained solid. Catalysts reported first quarter net sales of $261 million and adjusted EBITDA of $68 million, resulting in adjusted EBITDA margins of 26%. Year-on-year adjusted EBITDA was negatively impacted due to a shortage of raw materials used in curatives and lower volumes in hydroprocessing catalysts, or HPC catalysts. The decline was partially offset by gains in volume and price for fluid catalytic cracking, or FCC catalysts, which were both up about 2%. And just as a reminder, Q1 included around $11 million from the polyolefin catalysts and components business that won't continue in the future quarters. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey. Thanks, Scott. As we look to the rest of 2018, Lithium remains on an aggressive path to deliver at least 20% adjusted EBITDA growth during 2018. We expect second quarter Lithium second quarter EBITDA to be sequentially stronger than Q1. Further, we anticipate the second half of 2018 that is fairly equal to the first half of Lithium, with Q3 possibly weaker than Q4 due to downtime needed for the La Negra tie-ins. In Catalysts, we continue to expect good EBITDA growth in our Refining Solutions business. However, curatives is expected to face pressure as a result of raw material challenges, which could unfavorably impact EBITDA by as much as $10 million for the full year. As a result, we expect full-year adjusted EBITDA growth for the Catalysts segment to moderate to the mid-single digits. The favorable market trends in flame retardants are anticipated to continue in Bromine Specialties. And with the exception of the first half capacity constraints for elemental bromine and some derivatives, our plants continue to run very well. Pricing and operational efficiencies are currently expected to offset higher cost for raw materials, freight and distribution. We now expect full-year adjusted EBITDA growth in the low- to mid-single digits on a percentage basis. The upside in Bromine Specialties is expected to offset the headwinds in the curative portion of Catalysts. From a longer-term perspective, we believe that Albemarle stock is currently undervalued. Hence, subject to market conditions, we intend to buy back $250 million of stock via an accelerated share repurchase program that was recently approved by our board. After completion of that program, approximately 10 million shares would remain under our current authorization, leaving ample headroom should we deem additional action to be warranted. The strength of our balance sheet, combined with the operating cash flow from our businesses, give us the confidence that we can take this action, execute our capital projects, maintain our long-term debt-to-EBITDA ratios, and still have plenty of firepower leftover. In fact, absent any further corporate actions such as M&A or additional stock buybacks, we would expect to end 2018 at a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of around 1 times. Given all of this, for the full-year 2018, we now expect adjusted EPS to be between $5.10 and $5.40. I am confident that Albemarle is well-positioned to maximize shareholder value in the short-, medium-, and long-term. We have a clear and straightforward strategy, grow our Lithium franchise, leverage our strong cash flow from Bromine and Catalysts, and deliver strong margins and returns on our capital growth investments. We believe we have the people, the balance sheet flexibility, and the focus on execution to drive strong and profitable growth over the foreseeable future.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Jasmine, that concludes our prepared remarks. We're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. This is Dylan Campbell on for Bob. Could you help bridge us to this two-half 2018 Lithium EBITDA is flat relative to first-half 2018, I guess, taking into account what I would presume to be higher volume levels in 2018? And I guess, what would especially offset those higher volumes in the second half of the year?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Dylan. This is John Mitchell. Yes. So, for the second half of the year, I mean, we have baked into the second half what we think we have in terms of production. And also, on the pricing side, our guidance hasn't changed with regard to full-year price effect of the high-single-digit pricing. As we see more capacity coming online, we can adjust our expectations and guidance going forward.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you. And then, I guess, after completing the sale part of the PCS business in April, can you update us on, I guess, your strategic or your long-term strategic plans for the Catalysts and Bromine businesses, and how they fit into your long-term strategic plans of the consolidated business?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Sure. This is Luke. As we've talked about how each piece of this puzzle fits together, we need the free cash flows from the Bromine and Catalysts business to be able to find the capital that we see in the growth of Lithium. Lithium today doesn't free cash flow in and of itself with the investments that we have. So we look at it and all those pieces fit together. Now, there'll be a point in time in the future where we'll continually assess that portfolio to determine if that is the best path to drive shareholder value. We've not hesitated to make portfolio adjustments when we thought we could drive higher shareholder value by doing so, and we would continue that assessment on an ongoing basis.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Please proceed.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. This is Scott Goldstein on for P.J. Good morning. I'm looking for more color on within pricing. It just seemed a little more modest than what your competitors realized. Can you maybe break out how much of the growth was from a change in mix and how do you expect that mix to change for the remainder of 2018 and perhaps 2019?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Hi. This is John. So, in terms of the product mix, most of our incremental additional volume is on the carbonate side. But I think the difference in pricing philosophy between the different lithium companies is really what's driving differences in pricing guidance. Again, our focus on long-term contracts, we have certainly clear visibility in terms of the value of the products that we're selling to customers. We want to make sure we're taking a fair and balanced approach with our customers, who are the leading cathode and battery producers of the world. And we are fixated on making sure that we have an excellent risk-adjusted return on our investments. And so our pricing guidance is essentially what's baked into our long-term agreement. So we have good visibility in terms of our approach to pricing. The other benefit in terms of our approach is that we don't see risk in terms of pricing going down. So we have good visibility in terms of stability of the pricing. And we do not expect our prices to be volatile in terms of going down versus others in the lithium space have a different approach in terms of maybe trying to play spot market pricing and other ways to look at pricing in the market.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And maybe just a follow-up. So I think a little more than 80% of your lithium volumes are committed through long-term contracts. Can you just remind us how that trend has changed maybe over the past year? And are you seeing more demand for longer-term contracts in your negotiations currently?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Great question. In 2018, I'd say actually almost 100% of our volume is under long-term contract. We had moved our customer base to three- to five-year agreements and now we see a strong pull from the leading providers of batteries and cathodes to go to as long as 10-year agreements. And the rationale for that is really around security of supply. And not just security of supply of any type of molecule, but security supply of an EV grade that meets their specification for a battery that they can make a 10-year warranty on. So I think we have selected a really great basket of leading providers in the cathode and battery space, and we're working together to plan the investments in lithium capacity for EV-grade batteries and they're planning to produce more cells for the OEMs. So we see our long-term agreements getting longer toward 10 years.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David Huang - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, this is David Huang here for David. I guess, first on Lithium. Can you talk about maybe your updated views on lithium hydroxide versus carbonate? I guess, you previously said you wanted to be in both, but is there an increasing preference for one with the other. And also, if you have any views on vertical integration and further consolidation in the sector?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. I will let John take the first and then I'll talk about consolidation.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke. So, with regard to preference on carbonate and hydroxide, again, the largest battery and cathode producers, depending on the type of battery that they're producing for the specific application, they have a demand for both carbonate and hydroxide, and they're able to forecast for both types of molecules. Of course, in terms of increasing energy density, there are many battery producers that are going to hydroxide in order to go to the high nickel-based or high metal-based cathode materials. So we do see, on a percentage basis, higher growth in hydroxide. But our long-term agreements have both carbonate and hydroxide in them, and we don't see a decrease in demand for carbonate. We just see an acceleration of demand for hydroxide.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. And if you look at consolidation, I think that there's a lot of noise out there in the marketplace about consolidations up and down the value chain. And I think that just gives a signal to how tight it is and how people are scrambling to get the supply that they need in order to make their commitments throughout the chain. So we're consistently looking and we believe we sit on the best resources in the world in Salar de Atacama and in our site in Western Australia. We have untapped resources in Kings Mountain, North Carolina as well as an option for resources in Argentina. We feel great about where we are from the geographic diversity as well as the brine and rock balance, where we can go carbonate or hydroxide as the market dictates. So I think you're going to see continual discussion out there in the marketplace about suppliers lining up with our customers and their raw material suppliers. But we love the spot we're in with our resources and with our customer contacts. So we feel like we're partnered in the right area. And if those decisions should change and there would be an opportunity, as I've said before, our balance sheet gives us plenty of firepower to take actions that could strengthen even further our portfolio in Lithium business.
David Huang - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. And on Refining, how is the traction on FCC price increases? And also, ex the curative impact, are you I mean incrementally more positive on it?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Silvio?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Good morning. This is Silvio. Thanks for the question. As you know, the price increase for FCC is an ongoing exercise. It's never finishing. But I can confirm that right now we're getting traction. One hand, it's still based on the philosophy that we are trying to get the right price for the value we are providing to the refiner; and on the other hand, the efforts to offset the inflationary pressure that we are facing. But the prices are holding.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Just a clarifying question and maybe it relates to the 3Q La Negra costs. I don't know if you can size those for us at all. And I assume the answer is yes, but do you still expect Lithium margins for the full year to be up 40%? I just ask because it came out of this quarter's slide versus last quarter's.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. From a Lithium margin standpoint, we still believe that full year we'll be above 40% from a margin standpoint. We've not laid out what the costs are in that third quarter, but we have an opportunity to come in and make tie-ins for that site overall that we're going to need to do at some point in time. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're going to be able to pump at full rates in the fourth quarter. We think it makes sense for us to go ahead and make this tie-in now, so that whenever that brine we start pumping at full rates, those ponds get filled up, we won't have to do it later during 2019 or 2020 when we'll have the full brine. So we believe it's prudent to do that. It's just a movement between quarters. It's not going to impact the year in any way, but it could make third quarter weaker than the fourth quarter. So, that's why we brought it up and let you guys know about it, Vincent.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. Very helpful. And just a follow-up on the now longer tenure contracts that you have, is there anything different about – and I know this is sensitive, but anything different about the terms versus the existing contracts? And I guess, in particular, is there any sort of take-or-pay component to these longer contracts or anything different about your ability to adjust price or anything like that that you can share?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Philosophically, we've kept the same approach that we have on contracts, the bigger difference is, it's a whole lot more volume.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Hi, guys. This is Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. How are you?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: So, in terms of – I was wondering how much of the impact the change in refinery activity due to the marine fuel standards will have on the refinery catalysts business?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Silvio.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Are you referring to the gasoline standards?
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Yes. Correct. The marine...
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Marine.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Oh, the marine fuel. Well, I'll try to stay brief on that one. There is a large amount of fuel oil that could not be used anymore in 2020 when those standards are coming on and there are different tracks to address this. One could be that you have scrubbers in the boats which you cannot install overnight. So there will be a requirement of an additional amount of diesel or hydrotreated mid-distillates that is being added to this pool of marine fuel, so to dilute the specs and to have for the next couple of years the boat sailing on not necessarily pure heavy fuel, but on blended fuels. That's one of the ways to get there. Like I said, the other one is a big infrastructure to clean the fuels on the boat. The future will tell us which direction it will ultimately be, but we can be firm that there will be an additional amount of diesel required around the 2019-2020 period and maybe the year thereafter to address that sudden change in specification.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: So, Silvio gave you the detailed answer. At a high level, any time there's a regulation that tightens up the specifications from a diesel standpoint, it benefits the hydrotreating part of our business. So we would expect that to be positive news for our HPC business and clean fuels.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you for clarification. And then, you mentioned before that part of the Bromine and Catalysts business is really to generate cash for Lithium growth. That would suggest I guess that you're not really going to be spending a lot of CapEx on those two businesses, just maintenance. And I was just wondering how much you have to spend yearly to kind of maintain what you're doing there, or if you're spending more to grow it as well?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, if you look at that business, historically, both of those businesses, we've been able to run those businesses between 4% and 6% of revenue as a CapEx. Sometimes it pops up below, sometimes it pops down below. We always have small projects to de-bottleneck or something that will allow us to get a little extra yield, that our cost improvement projects will really pay back. And we're certainly continuing to do that. And we'll continue to invest in those businesses to allow them to maintain their competitive edge. There'll be de-bottlenecks that are necessary. There'll be new wells drilled and (32:13) that are necessary. There'll be additional FCC capacity that we may need to bring online or some de-bottlenecks to be able to serve our customers. So we're going to continue to do that to keep those businesses strong because they're great businesses with good EBITDA margins, but we're blessed in the fact that they have high margins, low capital requirements, and we're able to harvest that cash and put it in our organic growth of Lithium.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Can you hear me?
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. We can here you now, John.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Sorry, I jumped in late. But the slide with EV penetration in Lithium, obviously, there's no correlation in that chart. Is that more because of the different assumptions on average battery size for full electrics, or is it different assumptions on HEV penetration? Or maybe you can comment a little bit on what's driving that variation, but there's also obviously no correlation there.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: John, this is Eric speaking. The answer to your question, unfortunately, is yes, right? I mean, the dispersion that's shown on that slide estimates comes from as we've looked at those models. The penetration differences between the amount of full electric versus plug-in hybrid electric, it also comes from battery sizes depending on the analyst and the firm providing that, and in some cases, comes from lithium content, believe it or not. So it does come from all of the three. That's one of the reasons we put this slide out is because I think it's important for you to know the assumptions we believe which are based on a platform-by-platform, OEM-by-OEM basis that are built up. Does that answer your question? John?
Operator: John line has disconnected.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. We'll move on to the next caller. Thank you, Jasmine.
Operator: You're welcome. And our next question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe you can just give us an update on – appreciate the update on demand and maybe you can just give us an update on what you're seeing on the supply side as well. There were some issues with weather earlier this year in Latin America and Chile and Argentina. Was that effective negative for you guys or not? And then, secondarily, maybe just update on your projects as well as what you're seeing from competitors. Thanks.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Thanks. This is John. With regard to the weather comment, no impact on Albemarle operations with regard to weather so far in 2018. We've also taken some added steps as mitigation in the event there are any rain events, particularly in the Atacama. So I think we're well-prepared. With regard to the overall supply dynamic in the marketplace, in 2018, it's as expected, as we track all the projects around the world. Going forward, beyond 2018, nothing new that changes our supply-demand outlook. As we look at the materials that are required for our customers which are EV grade, performance materials, carbonate and hydroxide, we feel that the market remains in balance through 2021 and don't see any increase in supply that gives us any concerns in terms of oversupply dynamic, et cetera. Even if there were issues with regard to oversupply, we have long-term agreements that does not affect Albemarle in terms of its own supply-demand dynamic, as we are contracted with the market leaders going forward. So you're not going to see any impact regarding supply-demand dynamic in Albemarle's pricing.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks. And as a follow-up, there has been recently some plateauing it looks like in carbonate pricings. So, I guess, the right read is we shouldn't assume that impacts you. And even so, maybe just describe what you think that resulted from between carbonate and hydroxide pricing? Thanks.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: In terms of the marketplace and the differences between carbonate and hydroxide, hydroxide has always been sold at a higher price, given the cost build-up of hydroxide versus carbonate. Certainly, around the world, as different producers are going into new resources, the cost structure of their products will change. Because every natural resource around the world is different, the cost to mine, the cost to extract, the cost to write (37:15), to refine and the cost to make a specialty product is going to vary. So, looking back in terms of historical norms is a little bit faulty as we go forward and we're bringing on more and more capacity. I don't think that there's going to be any kind of – I don't know if you're alluding to the contraction in terms of hydroxide and carbonate price. We certainly don't see it. And again, our pricing models are based on pricing to value, and also pricing to the specific terms and conditions in terms of our long-term agreements.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura. Please proceed.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I think during the fourth quarter earnings call, you were talking about high-single-digit lithium price increase expectations for 2018. Has this changed in any way?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: No. It's not changed. What you're seeing, we're higher in the first quarter, but as you go through the year, it'll be lower on a year-over-year comparison. So we'll end the year about where we thought we would.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: Thank you, Luke. And Xinyu II 20-Kt hydroxide commissioning in 2019, is there a qualification period or a ramp period? So, in practical terms, how should we think about EBITDA contribution at a full rate? Is it by the middle of 2019, by the end of 2019?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. This is John. Yeah. You should think that there is a qualification period for Xinyu II. So, as we start commissioning and producing product at quality, then we have to shift quantities to our customers and they're going to have to qualify that production facility. And so I think you should look at mid-2019 in terms of getting the full rates.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Colin Rusch with Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co.: Thanks so much. What are you seeing in terms of the number of potential customers for lithium versus a quarter ago or two quarters ago? Are you seeing an increase, decrease, kind of flattish, just in terms of volume of customers?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. It's about the same number of customers from a material stand – there have been definitely new entrants into that cathode production. We're dealing with the big players and it hasn't changed over the last 12 months.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. And then, in terms of moving volumes around and customers taking all the volumes, are you seeing any movement from one customer to another customer or folks not taking volumes or asking for incremental volumes versus their contracts on a regular basis?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. It's all of the math. As a general rule, we haven't seen a customer who's not saying we don't want what we've committed. All our customers are saying we want more.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Great. I'll take the rest of it offline.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi. Good morning. One of your bromine competitors talked about today that they've been signing one-year contracts for the derivatives and for elemental bromine at double digits. [Technical Difficulty] (40:36-40:43)
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: We have lost.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I think we lost, Jasmine. I don't know whether or not you may want to go into the next question. Maybe just add him (40:49).
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Put him back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research. Please proceed.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Good morning. Thank you. I was wondering if you could provide some thoughts on the potential for a shift in the battery market to solid-state technology. Do you anticipate that? If so, what would be the associated timing and your level of confidence and, importantly, what might it mean for an uplift in lithium demand?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: This is John. Great question regarding solid-state battery technology. With regard to an uplift in lithium demand, yes, because solid-state battery technology has more lithium molecules in it to increase energy density. And so, yes, we would see an uplift in lithium demand as the market goes to solid-state. Regarding timelines, although we're seeing an increase in R&D activity and product development activity, in terms of commercial application, we see it more as a 5-year to 10-year horizon regarding solid-state.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Very good. And then, I had a question on your Lithium EBITDA margin. If I look at it on a sequential basis, your level of 44.0% improved about 300 basis points from what you posted in the fourth quarter of 2017. And it looks like you managed that notwithstanding a smaller contribution from price. And so I was wondering if you could help us understand some of the moving parts there. Was there a shift in mix or cost considerations that helped to explain that?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Well, there are a few things that are always going on in the Lithium business. I mean, certainly, there's a mix issue. There's mix of products, there's mix of customers and pricing. We are always also working on productivity improvements in terms of the ongoing operations and the cost structure. But then you have a couple of different elements. One on the natural resource side, where as we do exploration efforts, there are certain costs that cannot be capitalized and so we have to take them to the expense line. Also, on the Refinery assets, there are certain costs that as you are developing and you start the early-stage engineering on different projects, there are costs that again you have to drop to the expense line versus capitalization. So there are a number of moving pieces. And as we've said, from time-to-time we'll see fluctuation in the margins in that low- to mid-40 range, but you should count on us averaging out in the lower 40s.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we do have Mr. Joel Jackson back on the line with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi. Do you hear me now?
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yes. We can hear you fine, Joel.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): All right. Great. Okay. So, one of your bromine competitors this morning indicated that they're seeing double-digit price increases on some one-year contracts, as they're signing on elemental bromine and bromine derivatives. Are you seeing similar pick-up on some of your pricing right now on contracts? And I guess there's some cost offsets. Maybe you could talk about both of those.
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Joel. This is Raphael Crawford. We do see an increase in the number of contracts that we have with our customers versus our prior year. So, because of the tighter situation on bromine, not necessarily elemental bromine, but actually a very small piece of our portfolio, but on the derivatives, namely flame retardants, we are signing more contracts with price increases. The amount of the price increase really depends on the specific product in the specific market. But it has been favorable. In these type market situations, we have been able to raise price, get more volume under contract and, where possible, also get more favorable terms with our customers.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): I had a second question. It's a bit nitpicky. But in your prior presentation you talked about 2025 lithium demand being about greater than 800,000 tons and now you're saying 800,000 tons. Again, this is nitpicky. This is many years from now. It's a big number. But any reason why you changed that wording, that estimate?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. It's around 800,000 metric tons, I mean, I can't – within the range of what it is, don't read anything into that at all, okay? Our range is around 800,000 metric tons. And all I can tell you is, if we do it in another year when we come out with these numbers, it'll be different because then what we're so early in the S-curve and it's so early in the adoption that we're giving the information that we have on page 7 of our presentation, so that every shareholder and every analyst understands what's in our numbers, so that you can make your own judgment as to where we are. We believe we're taking the best approach we can, but don't split words or add or over or about or any of that. It's just that's the range that we think it's going to be and there's nothing to be read into that.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Good morning. I had a follow-up on the hydroxide versus carbonate discussion, and really in the context of your CapEx plans as you build out your conversion capacity. So, when your customers contract with you in these longer-term agreements, I assume they specify what grades they think they're going to want. And I'm just wondering how much wiggle room do they have to shift? For example, if their demand for the batteries or their models shift more towards those designs that take hydroxide, do they have wiggle room to shift that? And then, how much latitude do you have to adjust your conversion capacity build-out plans?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well, if you look out to 2021, we've said, and you look at the presentation on page 6 of our earnings deck, you'll see we're at about 85,000 met tons of carbonate and about 80,000 met tons of hydroxide by 2021. So, that gives us – we're very well balanced on hydroxide and carbonate. The contracts specify how much carbonate they want and how much hydroxide they want. So, once they do that, you have to able to do that for planning purposes, because if you're going to build a carbonate plant versus build a hydroxide plant, you need to know in advance. So we're trying to build in some flexibility there. But the customers, they're planning for models that are going to be three and five years out. So they have a good visibility for that period of time, whether they're going to use carbonate or hydroxide. And they don't have a problem in telling us for that amount of time what they expect their demand is going to be for the specific product.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then just to follow-up. The notion that some of these agreements are shifting from, call it, 3 to 5 years to as long as 10 years, are those additional battery customers that are coming in and saying, hey, we want a 10-year, or is it the same ones that contracted for 5 years are saying, hey, we have a better understanding of how this market's developing and we'd like to change the terms and extend it to 10 years?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: As I said, it's generally the same customers that are extending their contracts. There may be one or two new ones around the edge. But, as a general rule, it's the same customers.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then one last one. Any update on the efficacy of your new brine extraction technology?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. We're meeting the metrics that we anticipated meeting. It's going well. And we still believe that that's a viable project and we'll continue pursuing it.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Jim Sheehan with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Peter Osterland - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. This is Pete Osterland on for Jim. What is the raw material involved in the shortage for curatives? And, broadly speaking, who are the main buyers of the impacted products?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Good morning. This is Silvio. If you see that our curatives are all based on toluene diamine, so it's pretty easy to figure out what the shortage is. It has to do – there are a handful of major producers of this material over the world and the shortage is caused by the major turnaround and changes in the upstream manufacturing facilities. So it's something that is temporary. And like we have in our earnings call, we are expecting that it will have an effect of $10 million-ish on yearly basis.
Peter Osterland - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Jasmine, is that all we have in the queue?
Operator: Yes, sir. There are no further questions at this time.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Thank you, everyone. We appreciate the questions and look forward to visiting with many of you over the coming quarter. Jasmine, we can end the call now.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. You all have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp. Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp. Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp. John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp. Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp. Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.
Analysts: Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Daniel DiCicco - RBC Capital Markets LLC P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners LLC Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Robin Fiedler - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Very good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you all for joining, and welcome to the Quarter Four 2017 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference call. My name is Lisa, and I'll be your coordinator for today. Today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Eric Norris, Chief Strategy Officer, for opening remarks. Please proceed.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you, Lisa, and welcome to Albemarle's fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday. And you'll find our press release earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albermarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Bromine Specialties; Silvio Ghyoot, President, Catalyst; and John Mitchell, President, Lithium. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call about the future reforms of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal security laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release that same language applies to this call. Also note that our comments today regarding our financial results include non-operating, non-recurring and other unusual items. GAAP financial measures and reconciliation from those to the adjusted numbers discussed today may be found in our press release and the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Eric. I look forward to having you on the team. I also want to thank Matt Juneau for his many years of dedicated service to Albemarle and wish him all the best in retirement. Turning to the numbers. The fourth quarter of 2017 capped off the year, in which Albemarle continued to deliver on our long-term strategy of growing revenue and EBITDA, generating cash, actively managing our portfolio and investing in lithium. 2017 adjusted EBITDA from our three GBUs increased by $160 million or 19% compared to 2016. Lithium again delivered strong double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth of 56%, and Bromine adjusted EBITDA increased by 14%. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share grew by 29% compared to 2016. Strong segment cash flows coupled with the sale of the Chemetall Surface Treatment business late in 2016 enabled a significant deleveraging of our balance sheet while still affording us the opportunity to repurchase $250 million of stock and increase our dividend for the 23rd year in a row. Just last week, our board approved the dividend increase for 2008, extending that streak of increasing the dividend to 24 years in a row. At the end of 2017, our net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio stood at 0.9 times. During the fourth quarter, we announced that we entered into a contract to sell our polyolefin catalysts and components business to W.R. Grace for $416 million. This transaction should close in the next few months and will provide additional financial flexibility to support our growth strategies. Our capital spending in 2017 totaled $318 million with the lion's share deployed in our Lithium business. We made substantial progress on our Wave One projects, and they are all on track. In addition, the Lithium business successfully integrated the Jiangxi Jiangli China asset acquisition and commercialized our La Negra 2 battery grade production line in Chile. In summary, throughout 2017, we put ourselves in a very strong position to capitalize on the potential and competitive advantages of our Lithium business. As we look to the future, our plan to realize this potential is coming together. We are seeing a significant acceleration of demand and expectations for EV penetrations now range up to the high-teens percentage of light vehicle sales by 2025. Our own view of 2025 EV penetration has risen to 12%. That would result in a global lithium market of over 800,000 metric tons, representing a CAGR of about 18% for the 2017-2025 period. We are already seeing this growth reflected in the volume requirements of our customers. In fact, our Wave One capacity additions, which will bring total capacity to 165,000 metric tons, are essentially committed through 2021. As a consequence, we are now at the point where it is critical for us to accelerate our investment in additional capacity ways to meet the needs of our customers, while continuing to deliver value to our shareholders. With respect to our Wave One expansion plans, we remain on schedule and currently expect capital spending to be over $1 billion between now and 2021, with about half of that spend in 2018 alone. Projects in this wave include La Negra 3, a 40,000-metric ton carbonate expansion in Chile; Xinyu 2, a 20,000-metric ton hydroxide expansion in China; and a greenfield conversion plant in Western Australia. The first phase of this greenfield site will initially have 40,000 metric tons of conversion capacities, so we will build an infrastructure that is scalable for significant expansion. To address what would otherwise be an oversold position after 2021, we are now accelerating our Wave 2 plan, which will deliver approximately another 100,000 metric tons on an LCE basis early in the next decade. We have already commenced Wave 2 spending on clearly-identified projects that include the yield enhancement technology in the Atacama, coupled with a further conversion expansion in Chile and additional capacity at the Western Australia greenfield site that I just described in order to leverage the growth in hard rock capacity in that region. Finally, we are also in the very early stages of assessing Wave 3 opportunities, which are largely new resources including Kings Mountain, North Carolina; Antofalla, Argentina; and other prospective opportunities in our pipeline. These capital waves collectively imply a significant multi-year deployment of our free cash flow towards growth in Lithium, while maintaining the flexible, investment-grade balance sheet and enabling consistent growth in our dividend. Absent any corporate actions such as M&A or stock buybacks, we would expect to end 2018 at a net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio of around 0.9 times, essentially flat compared to the end of 2017. We are confident in our ability to execute this multi-year capital expansion and preserve the strength and flexibility of our balance sheet. Before I turn the call over to Scott, I want to stress three important points related to this capital deployment. First, we will only build out capacity to meet long-term commitments from our customers. We're not going to be in the business of speculating on demand that might materialize. Second, we have the flexibility to adjust the size and timing of future increments, giving us the ability to modulate the pace of expansion so that some change in demand materialize with our customers. Finally, we have the ability to produce both carbonate and hydroxide. Both markets today are growing strongly. But to the extent to which one outpaces the other, we will be able to adjust to meet that demand. Now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke. We ended 2017 with strong performance and great momentum going into 2018. Let me give you some of these details. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.34 for the fourth quarter, an increase of $0.56 per share or 72% compared to fourth quarter 2016. All of our businesses performed well, providing about $0.50 of that growth. For the full year 2017, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $4.59, an increase of $1.02 or 29%. Growth in Lithium and Bromine accounted for all of that growth. Diluted GAAP earnings for 2017 were $0.49 per share, the largest adjustment to get to adjusted EPS was $3.20 taken during the fourth quarter for discrete tax items related to U.S. tax reform. Debt restructuring cost and acquisition and integration cost were the next largest contributors, totaling $0.54. During the fourth quarter of 2017, as a result of U.S. tax reform, we reported a provisional income tax expense of $429 million for the transition tax and an income tax benefit of $62 million for the reduced U.S. federal corporate tax rate on our existing deferred tax balances, netting to a charge of $367 million. The transition tax will be paid out over eight years. Our effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items, ended 2017 at 18.8%. Operating and working capital, which was a use of cash in 2017 compared to 2016, improved to about 24% of sales at the end of the fourth quarter compared to 28% at the end of the third quarter of 2017. Several factors were at work. Net payables increased as capital spending continue to ramp up to support Lithium growth, and working capital related to polyolefin catalysts and components was reduced when this business was reclassified to assets held for sale. Capital expenditures ended 2017 at $318 million, ramping up from $197 million in 2016 reflecting growth capital deployment in our Lithium business. Before I report on our business unit performance, I'd like to remind you that, effective at the beginning of 2018, management of the PCS business was moved from Lithium and Advanced Materials into the Catalyst GBU along with Refining Solutions. I would also like to note that the divestiture of a portion of the PCS division, our polyolefin catalysts and components businesses, is treated as an asset held for sale and therefore will still be part of our reported earnings results through the closing date. And now, to the business results. Lithium and Advanced Materials ended the year with sales of $1.3 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $519 million, increasing by 35% and 43%, respectively, compared to 2016. Lithium full year sales increased by 52% and adjusted EBITDA increased by 56%, with adjusted EBITDA margins of 44%. Volume growth for 2017 was an impressive 24%, with prices improving by 28%, driven by the increasing demand from our contracted customers and the lithium price reset that started in 2016. The fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margins of 41% marks three full years of consecutive quarters with margins above our guidance of 40%. Discussions with our key accounts to lengthen contract terms continue through year-end 2017, as the market gears up for long-term demand growth linked to EV launch plans and concerns over securing reliable, high-quality supply. PCS ended the year with annual sales of $289 million and adjusted EBITDA of $72 million, down mid-single digits from 2016. In Bromine, full year sales of $855 million and adjusted EBITDA of $259 million were up by 8% and 14%, respectively, compared to 2016. Full year adjusted EBITDA margin was 30%, 164 basis points above 2016. The market for flame retardants, especially in electronics and construction, remains healthy, reflecting the stronger local consumer trends during 2017. The demand for clear brine fluids, which are used for deepwater offshore oil well completions, was about flat compared to 2016. Higher selling prices across certain products resulted from production shortages particularly out of China. Refining Solutions reported a strong fourth quarter with net sales of $238 million and adjusted EBITDA of $69 million, resulting in an EBITDA margin of 29%. Full year Refining Solutions sales of $778 million increased by 6% compared to 2016. Adjusted EBITDA was $212 million, down 11%. Hurricane Harvey contributed 5 percentage points of that decline. During 2017, higher sales volumes in hydroprocessing catalysts, or HPC catalysts, were driven by good demand compared to the prior year. Higher sales to the traditionally lower margin heavy resid segment, higher input costs and higher logistics costs resulted in lower adjusted EBITDA for HPC than we saw in 2016. 2017 sales volumes for Fluid Catalytic Cracking, or FCC catalysts, were up with relatively flat pricing across customers and products compared to 2016. Adjusted EBITDA for FCC was negatively impacted by Hurricane Harvey, as well as the timing of customer trials in our max propylene product line during the first half of 2017. These headwinds were partially offset by strength in FCC volumes in North America, where lower margin BTO (16:12) products are more prominent. Now, I'll now turn to 2018. First, I'll frame the impact of tax reform on earnings, capital spending on our free cash flow and key elements of our balance sheet. Then, I'll turn the call back to Luke to cover the business and our overall company forecast for revenue and earnings growth. While there is certainly long-term benefits to the recently enacted U.S. tax reform, we expect our effective tax rates to increase in 2018 as compared to 2017. There are several components at work. First, our operations in Chile will bear higher income and mining tax rates going forward. Second, we expect our projected geographic revenue mix to be slightly biased toward higher tax rate jurisdictions than in 2017. And finally, based on our current understanding, we anticipate the U.S. tax reform to push our domestic rates slightly higher. As a result of these factors, we currently expect our effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating and pension and OPEB items to be approximately 23% to 24% in 2018. As Luke earlier described, market demand and customer commitments have resulted in an acceleration of future capital waves to ensure Albemarle meets long-term customer commitments. In total, you can expect capital spending of $800 million to $900 million in 2018, resulting in breakeven to negative free cash flow generation, once all other factors are accounted for. Net cash from operations is expected to exceed the $304 million of 2017, ranging between $660 million and $730 million in 2018. In addition to earnings growth, the increase in net cash from operations is expected to benefit from improved working capital and lower cash taxes. Finally, estimating the risk of foreign exchange movements is always challenging and seems even more so in the current global environment. Our 2018 guidance is based on rates close to today's FX rates, an average U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate of $1.23 and an average Japanese yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate of ¥109. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey. Thanks a lot, Scott. Assuming the economy doesn't suffer a slowdown in 2018 and based upon the current exchange rates, we expect net sales in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion and adjusted EBITDA of between $955 million to just over $1 billion, a pro forma growth rate of 11% to 17% compared to 2017. This growth would result in adjusted diluted earnings per share between $5 and $5.40. This assumes a March 31, 2018, closing date on the sale of the polyolefin catalysts and components business. We currently expect the cadence of earnings to be slightly lower in the first half of the year versus the second half. Note that the normal fluctuation in our businesses, such as a large HPC order moving from one quarter to another can have a significant impact on quarterly results. Turning to each of our businesses. With over 1.2 million vehicles sold worldwide, global sales of plug-in hybrids and battery electric vehicles in 2017 increased by 58% compared to 2016 with pure electric vehicles growing faster than plug-in hybrids. A similar growth rate is expected again in 2018. Based on the strong demand from our lithium customers, we expect lithium earnings to increase greater than 20% and adjusted EBITDA margins to average greater than 40% in 2018. We continue to see favorable pricing trends with overall pricing in lithium expected to increase by high-single digits on a percentage basis relative to last year. Our volumes are fully committed for 2018 and are forecasted to grow at least 10,000 metric tons, driven by growth in battery grade applications. Nice growth is also expected in catalysts, which now includes Refining Solutions and the Performance Catalyst Solutions business. Despite anticipated cost inflation in refinery catalysts, adjusted EBITDA is anticipated to increase by the mid to high-single digits on a percentage basis compared to 2017. Fluid Cracking Catalysts are forecast to benefit from strong demand, high utilization rate and improved product mix with increased sales of our max propylene product line. We also expect a similar trend in Clean Fuel Technology during 2018 with the product mix more skewed towards some of our higher value products. Though less pronounced than in 2017, we currently forecast a somewhat stronger half of the year in Catalyst. But as always, timing of change outs in the refineries could impact actual results. After a solid year in Bromine in 2017, we expect 2018 performance to be about flat compared to last year. Though we do expect modest growth in flame retardants, these gains are expected to be offset by higher cost for raw materials, freight and distribution. As is the case with Lithium, in 2018, our volumes in certain of our Bromine derivatives are fully committed. In closing, our strategy is unfolding as we planned. We exceeded our operational and financial commitments in 2017. Lithium continues to deliver exceptional growth. Our Wave 1 projects are on track, and we're accelerating our Wave 2 and Wave 3 projects to meet the increasing demand from our existing customers. In addition, the steady cash generation in both Bromine Specialties and Catalyst, combined with our strong balance sheet, gives us the ability to generate growth that will deliver superior value for our customers and our shareholders. I have never been more excited about the opportunity that we see in front of us.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: Operator, we are ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before you do so, I would remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time so that everyone has a chance and feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups. Please proceed, Lisa, with the queue.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now conduct the question-and-answer session. Okay. Your first question is from the line of Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Dylan Campbell on for Bob. Good morning. Thanks for the question. On the BEV and PHEV penetration rates last year during an Investor Day, you noted 2.3% and 2.7%, respectively, of your revised outlook. How is your current estimate compared during this 2021 year?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Campbell. This is John. It's a great question. The way we were building up our models right now is really by model – by specific model. And so, we're really looking at the battery systems in each of the models that are announced. And as we look at 2017, after 2025, we see the battery side increasing about 40%. So, there is a combination of technologies, as you know, that's coming out of the market. There has been a few hundred different models announced just in the last, say, six months. So, rather than giving you a split of plug-in hybrid versus battery electric, you really need to break it down model-by-model. But what I can tell you is that, from 2017 through 2025, the kilowatt hours per vehicle escalating in our model is about 40%.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then, you mentioned kind of EBITDA margins I mean, greater than 40%, which is helpful for 2018. But can you help us understand directionally whether you expect margins to be above or below 2017 levels or kind of any puts and takes that we should be thinking about with the year-over-year bridge for Lithium?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. This is Scott. So, we're expecting that we'll be above 40%. Don't expect that we'd break 45%. So, again, we'll be in the lower part of that 40%. That range is what our expectation is right now.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from the line of Arun Viswanathan of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Daniel DiCicco - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. This is Dan DiCicco on for Arun. Thank you for taking my question. If I could just kind of go back to that first one and maybe ask it another way like your penetration target for 2025, I mean, if I'm correct, that now assumes 70,000 tons of average annual demand growth. And then, your previous forecast to 2021 was for 35,000 tons of average annual demand growth. So, has that accelerated at all, or has that number changed?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. That's a great question. And your math is right. So, back – during the Investor Day, our models were looking at incremental LCE growth over the next five years at about 35,000 metric tons per year and our new demand model suggest it's about 70,000 metric tons per year over the next five years on average. And so, it's an accelerating curve. It's an accelerating growth curve. And that's really driven by a multitude of factors. The biggest one is really just all the new model announcements by the OEMs. I also want to just mention that from a grid storage perspective, we have almost – we have very little, almost none, no incremental demand on the grid storage side in our model right now. So, it's being driven by the electrification, the transportation system.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. And this is Luke. If I could just add a little clarifying comment on that. Remember, we had said that we expected it, on average, to increase by about 35,000 metric tons from 2017 to 2021. And we'd always said that it would be lower in the early years, so that in the out years it would be higher. And I think at the Investor Day we said within those outer years, we'd expect it to be closer to 50,000. Now, what we're saying is, if you look at the average – the penetration rate by 2025, it would be 12% and that – you will continue on that curve. You ought not look at it as a straight line, but it will have a bell curve going out. So, consistent with what we said in our Investor Day last year, but in accelerated penetration, thereby, driving accelerated demand for our customers. Hope that helps.
Daniel DiCicco - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you. And just as a follow-up. With you guys accelerating your Wave 2 and Wave 3 investments, does that mean we can expect volumes from these projects sooner? And could that potentially have a negative impact on prices down the road?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. We've not accelerated – we never said that Wave 2 or Wave 3 will be coming in before 2021, and you should not expect it. That is a post-2021 type volume that would come online. And as always, we're going to marginalize it to bring it online to meet the demand of our customers. We're going to build it in 20,000 net ton increments and we will be able to speed it and slow it based upon the demand that we see with our customers, so I don't see having any impact at all on price.
Daniel DiCicco - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from the line of P.J. Juvekar of Citi. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Good morning.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So, you expect EV penetration to reach 12% by 2025. What is the cadence of that? Is that front-end loaded? And that's your forecast in demand from automakers. And between you and automakers or the battery guys, is there a choke point in the battery? I mean, is the battery capacity keeping up with the forecast that you have?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. P.J., this is John. We don't see any indication that there's going to be a choke point in the supply chain to be able to meet the 12% by 2025 right now. And from a Lithium supply and demand perspective, when you look at the product that we sell to our end customers, we feel that that supply and demand is going to remain in balance at least through the 2021 period.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And my second question is on Bromine. Can you talk about the Chinese leased parts? Was that related to environmental shutdowns and their starting back up? There was also the water level that rose in China that diluted a lot of production. So, what is going on with these restarts? And can you just give us a little bit more detail on this?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Sure, P.J. This is Raphael. So, we did see – as you've referenced, there were shutdowns mainly in the third quarter of last year that went into the fourth quarter. So, overall, Chinese production was down in the second half of last year. It was actually down about 10% from a total year-over-year basis. Some of the plants that were shut down for Bromine and actually some of the downstream plants from Bromine production have restarted. Most are expected to come back up by the end of March. But that being said, we're watching it closely. We don't know if there's further environmental action that will be taken in China. We do know that overall rates of production in China for bromine, just bromine quality, the quality of the brine concentration has gone down. So, we're in a little bit of a wait-and-see mode as to what transpires over the year. We have benefited from increased prices for most of our derivative products because of the shortage in bromine supply.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So, this is more on the BFR side and not elemental bromine side? I just want to clarify.
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. It's both. It's both on the elemental bromine side and the downstream on the flame retardants as well. So, there's been less elemental bromine production as well as downstream production as a result of the shutdowns. There's also, P.J., been less downstream production because the price of bromine has been higher than historical level. So, the economics of producing those downstream derivatives competitively in China has shifted. So, it's both the environmental shutdown effect as well as the effect of just overall higher prices. And what that does for the competitiveness of Chinese products. But, overall, P.J., for the Bromine business, we watch that closely. In the background we're always working on our own competitiveness with productivity and efficiency to our plants. So, as it moves up and down, we want to stay competitive in our global markets.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from the line of Aleksey Yefremov of Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: Good morning, everyone. Thank you. Could you discuss your price expectations for lithium for 2018? And then, also if you could offer any view of 2019-2020 price change.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Sure. This is John. So, for 2018, I think it's – in the prepared comments, we said that we expect high-single digit pricing for 2018. And longer term, it was also mentioned previously, we don't see a negative impact on price and I'll tell you why. At least, from an Albemarle perspective, we are focused on long-term partnerships, long-term supply agreement. And what the customers are buying from us, reliability and supply, the ability to grow with them to meet market demand, the quality assurance that they can put our product into a battery system that's going to last 10-plus years and also the ability to continue to evolve the molecule into a performance-based product that's going to give them a competitive advantage that their battery is going to actually have a better performance than someone else's. So, when you look at all those characteristics, I mean, we are really bullish in terms of making sure that we're getting a fair value that we're supporting our customers for the significant growth that they have ahead of them. So, that's kind of how I would look at the long term.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: Thank you. And then, as a follow-up. I'm just trying to understand the magnitude of CapEx in 2018. If I look at overall Albemarle CapEx, it's rising about $500 million in 2018. If I look on slide 14, Wave One entirely would cost around $500 million. So, maybe what percent of that 2018 Lithium CapEx is dedicated to Wave One versus Wave 2, Wave 3? And also, did you see any escalation in your CapEx costs and your expected manufacturing cost here?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: So, the way you should read slide 14 is that the $450 million to $550 million is specific to Wave One build-out, which – our Wave One build out is an incremental additional 100,000 metric tons. It gets us to 165,000 metric tons on an LCE basis. The $100 million to $125 million, that's CapEx dedicated to the development of Wave 2 and Wave 3 capacity, both on the mining side and also on the refining side.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. Luke and John, on the 10,000 tons of volume increase in 2018, will that all come from La Negra? And if it does, is that – will that plant be fully sold out or fully up running?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: So, this is John. David, the incremental 10,000 metric tons and that's a minimum, that's we're hoping for. A big portion of that is going to be Chile-based, but there also could be some other volumes out of Asia, China and Australia as well.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And in terms of...
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Go ahead.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Go ahead. I'm sorry.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: And I'm just going to say, in terms of your second question around will La Negra be sold out when we reached the peak capacity, there's still some additional room in La Negra. So, we will not be at full capacity, but we're still ramping up to full capacity by the end of 2018.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very good. And maybe – and, Scott, for you, just on CapEx, in 2019 and 2020, should we think about a similar CapEx number as we're seeing for 2018?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: That's our expectation. It may vary up or down slightly from that. But that's kind of the range that we're expecting right now. And as I look at the implications on the company, while we're expecting flat to slightly negative free cash flow this year, we expect with earnings growth in other initiatives that we'd go free cash flow positive in that timeframe as well, again, contributing to that flexibility of our balance sheet to take more strategic actions.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Good morning. With regard to your price forecast of a high-single digit contribution in 2018, would you comment on where your weighted average contract price levels finished last year? Just wondering how much of that price uplift is from roll-through effects on existing contracts versus prospective market movements in pricing.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well, you can assume that a lot of that or the majority of that price movement is based on our long-term agreements because a lot of the volume that we have on the sulfate is more than 80% of our volume is based on long-term agreements. So, I think a good assumption is that a majority of the pricing that we're getting is embedded in our long-term agreements or a part of our long-term agreements with customers. I think that's probably all I can say about pricing.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then, Luke, I think you made a comment that your lithium supply is fully committed through 2021. Please correct me if I'm wrong about that. But I just wondered if you could comment on what that aggregate volume commitment is and in kilotons?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well, I mean, if you look at it, what we said is we'll bring online. We expect to be at 165,000 metric tons on an LCE basis by 2021. And so, as we build that out, we might not run at 165,000 in 2021 because we'll be ramping up and we're bringing the last project online in 2021. But we're expanding this capital and spending this capital to meet customer orders. So, you should have anticipation when we bring it online. We're essentially going to be sold out when we bring it online. We could place it.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thanks for your question. Our next question is from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I just want to clarify what you said earlier which was that you saw the market in balance through 2021. Did you mean to say that you – that it might not be in balance thereafter? And I also heard your comments that you don't see any negative impact to you from price. So, I just wondered if you could just clarify those things to make sure that we all understand what you mean.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Vincent, the question was did we have – how do we look at it through 2021, and we said we'd think it will be in balance through 2021. So, if you look out, we did not mean to imply that there will be an oversupply or an undersupply after 2021. So, please don't read that into it. Again, from our perspective, our long-term agreements allow us to bring this volume online and have the confidence that we're going to be able to place that volume under our existing contracts. So, when we look at it, we believe that the market is going to remain tight. And if you look – and that's what the supply chain is saying. If you look at what our customers are willing to do, they have entered into long-term agreements and talking about even longer term agreements. So, the – our customers want the comfort of that reliable supply. If you've read the articles in the press about the automobile makers and the OEMs trying to go directly to grab lithium, that tells you the automakers believe that the market is going to be tight, and they want the security in supply that they need to be able to bring their electric vehicles online. So, what the supply chain is telling us, what the customers are telling us and what we believe is that this market is going to remain tight for the foreseeable future.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you for that clarification. Just as a follow-up, what is your view on, sort of, the supply side of the equation? Not just over the next few years, it may be going out to 2025 to match up with your EV and lithium demand forecast.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. There's a whole host of gas out there about who's going to bring on supply and who's not going to bring on supply. I think that, if you look what has happened since we bought this business in 2015, there's been a steady delay of projects. Projects have been delayed. Projects have come on at a higher cost, and projects have also come in at a lower volume. So, I think, when we look again at the supply side, we believe that this business will stay in balance for the extended period of time. And also, I think if you look again, when I point to what the OEMs are doing, you point to what the supply chain tells us with those long-term agreements, they believe that those will be out in relative supply. I'd also point out that, from our standpoint, we're going to be able to modulated and we can bring this capacity online in 20,000 metric ton increments and we'll be able to speed up or slow it down to meet the needs of our customers.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much. I really appreciate it.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from the line of Mike Harrison, Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Just kind of following up on your last comment there about your ability to modulate the lithium capacity addition. Can you maybe just give a little bit more color? I mean, obviously, a lot of these projects are two to three years or more in the making. How much of the increased spending here is being dedicated toward giving you guys the more optionality in terms of the size of the timing of these projects so that you can be more responsive to the customer requirements?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: So, I would say, on Wave One, very low with the exception of Pemberton. And let me give you an example. If you, the permits that we've applied for Pemberton are for 100,000 metric tons of capacity, but we're going to bring in only 20,000 incremental tons. We're not going to build a 100,000 met ton plant. We're going to be – we're going to build five 20,000 met tons plant. So, on the initial infrastructure, we'll build an infrastructure for 100,000 metric tons, and then we'll build 20,000 operating plants. And I'm sorry, I said Pemberton. But Pemberton is in Western Australia. So, that – we believe that will give us the module, the format, everything we need to then just pop out the 20,000 met tons on a more rapid basis than if we were trying to build a 100,000 met ton plant at one time. John?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke. A couple of points to keep in mind when we talk about supply. You have to look at supply as what is the end customer really looking to purchase. And it's a performance product. It has a quality standard that can actually withstand the 10-year warranty in an automobile and that molecules are different and they have different specification. And so, from a supply perspective, we are entering into long-term discussions today for capacity that's coming online post 2021. We need commitments today for that capacity that's going to be coming on the. And that's why we have a level of comfort that, as we bring capacity online, it's going to be sold. And together, with our customers, we're the leading battery producers in the world. We're going to ensure that they have the right materials in the right place and the right form so that they can grow and meet the demand of their customers, the OEMs.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: You also mentioned wanting to maintain some optionality around whether you would be producing carbonate or hydroxide for some of those longer-term customer needs. Is that a situation where the customers just aren't exactly sure what type of technology they're going to be using by that time? Or is it more an issue of not knowing maybe which particular customers are going to be growing faster or slower over that timeframe?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: So, the battery makers are working with OEMs on different model announcements. Those models tend to survive a five-year cycle. So, they know the battery chemistry that's going to go into the models and they – and it's sustained at least over a couple year period. Over the long term, I'm talking decade or more, there could be chemistry changes that change the product. But as we work with our customers in long-term planning, which is going to be necessary for all of us, if they have to change chemistry in the battery, they need to work with us so that we can modify our operations to provide them the tailored molecules they need so that their battery can meet the performance spec of the OEM. So, this is why – I mean, this is a fairly complex supply chain and it's a mistake to oversimplify the supply dynamics in the market.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thanks for your question. Our next question is from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Since the lithium market seems to be beat to death here, let me do my typical question on bromine. You've had pretty good price realization there in 2017. And we sort of know that the Chinese reduction in capacity and the strong demand from flame retardants is behind that. Is there any chance of that reversing in 2018? You talked about Chinese capacity perhaps coming back online by the end of March? And – or conversely, if pricing environment is still expected to be good, can it help you offset some of the higher input costs you were referring to and perhaps provide a little bit of an upside to your flattish EBITDA guidance for 2018?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Dmitry, this is Raphael. I think that – I think you've characterized it well. We'll be watching the back half of the year to see what pricing does and what volume does in China. It's possible that it slips from where it is today. That being said, in 2017 going into 2018, we have been able to lock in large pieces of our volume at higher prices for the duration of 2018. So, those price increases we would expect to carry through the year and offset the higher raw material costs, higher freight costs that we're expecting to see throughout the year. We're hopeful for the second half of the year, but we're not counting on it that that higher average pricing in China would maintain. We'll see what happens after we enter the summer with how strong production comes back in China, what that does to global pricing. As I mentioned, when P.J. asked the question, we're sort of always looking for how we can manage our business from an efficiency standpoint to maintain our earnings quality of this business. So, we're preparing ourselves for a decrease in pricing, but hoping to offset that with higher operating performance.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you. And then, my second question would – switching to your Catalyst business. You mentioned that in the heavy oil resid market or in the HPC part of the business, whatever, you're looking for a little bit of a better mix in results in 2018 versus 2017. Now, my understanding is the bottom of the barrel kind of the heavy oil resid, which was a nicely growing business for you, was a lower mix business. So, the fact that you expect mix to improve in 2018, does that mean that you're going to be slowing down in the growth of heavy oil resid or maintaining it and something else growing faster that's higher margin and therefore a better mix contribution for you?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Again. Good morning. This is Silvio. I did hear a lot of questions. First of all, let me be positive. The growth of the resid or the user conversion of resid globally, whether it's through FCC or through HPC, keeps on growing. It's just a matter of getting more out of the barrel. And on an average resid oil amongst all the crude is somewhat cheaper. So, everybody is looking for processing that material. Taking it from the HPC angle and the mix of products from the distillates to the VGOs (50:55) to resids, you'll see a growing amount of resid that needs to be treated for the simple reason that more resid is being processed and being dug up. And the same is valid for the FCC, the conversion of the bigger amount of resid plays well to our portfolio. So, we're still trying – we're still focusing on making petrochemicals primarily starting from resid feet up.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: But – hey, Dmitry. This is Luke. I think there is also the fact that we've got some specialty catalysts that we'll be selling this year. And as you know, from time to time in the past, on HPC, when we have a good – a good volume of those specialty catalysts which are higher value, we get a bump. And that's what we're expecting in 2018 on that specific issue in HPC. Okay?
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. Okay. So, it's not a question of slowing down Resid sales, it's a question of just the timing of some of your higher-value specialty product sales.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: That's the way to look at it. So, think about last year. We didn't have that higher sales. This year, we've got some of that higher value catalyst in the sales for the 2018 slate.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got it, Luke. Thank you very much.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thanks for your question. Our next question is from the line of Mike Sison of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. Nice end of 2017. When you think about your forecast through 2025 and kind of the thought that demand and supply would remain balanced, how much of that supply will come from you and the majors and how much supply will need to come from China, junior miners and such?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: So, this is John – I always like to try to put my feet – myself in the seat of our customer, and I think when they're building our capacity for the future, they're making commitments to the OEMs. I think they want to rely on a substantial company that has the financial wherewithal, the technical wherewithal, the operating wherewithal to be able to supply them. So, personally, I think that the major producers are going to play a significant role in the market. Not to say that other capacity won't come online, but I think that if I'm sitting in a battery company, I want to rely on those companies that have the capability, skill sets and financial strength to be able to grow with me and provide me the right molecule at the right time.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Right. Thanks. And then, Luke, when you think about getting the capacity up and running by 2021 for Lithium, can you maybe give us a feel for where you think EBITDA would be at that point? Would it double from current levels? Would it more than double? Just kind of curious what the long-term earnings potential of the first wave will be.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I mean, I think if you just look at where we are today and look at our 40% margin and you roll that out somewhere with the volume we have – 40%-plus margin and you roll that out 165,000 metric tons, that's where I would think it would be at least 2 times at a minimum.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks for your question. Our next question is from the line of Colin Rusch of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Thanks so much. Can you guys talk a little bit about the customer mix for these longer-term commitments from a geographic perspective, as well as how many of them are from auto OEMs versus battery OEMs?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Hi. This is John. The basket of customers that we have are really in the cathode and the battery space. Since most of the cathode and the batteries are produced in Asia, you can expect that most of them are Asian-based. China, Japan, Korea make up the center and the heart of the battery – the global battery industry right now. Over time, we see that diversifying into the Americas and into Europe, but that's the current basket. And you can also make the assumption that these are the leading names in the space. These are the ones that the OEMs are really going to rely on to advance the technology and be able to supply their new model launches.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. Great. And then are you seeing any initial activity from this recent ruling in the German high courts to allow cities to ban diesel vehicles. Stuttgart and Dusseldorf are now able to ban diesel vehicles and we think that potentially ends up accelerating some PHEV and EV demand and production in Europe. Are you seeing any response from the customer base at this point from that decision?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: I mean, we're seeing all over the world, mayors of cities, governors of states or provinces and countries take more aggressive steps to electrify the transportation system and shift over to renewable energy. And the rationale there is one of attacking urban pollution and the health crisis that many of the cities have, attacking climate change and energy independence. And those macro themes still resonate heavily, and you see a lot of momentum across the world in different world leaders and city leaders and state leaders taking actions. So, it's not just those stories, it's happening everywhere.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from the line of Joel Jackson of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Robin Fiedler - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi. This is Robin on for Joel. When do you guys expect to receive the increased extraction quotas from Corfo? Is there a risk to this considering the upcoming government change? Thanks.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Hi. This is John. We have a great relationship with the Corfo and the Chilean government. These negotiations and getting all the documents in order and following the process they have just takes some time, highly optimistic that we're going to come through with the additional quota. It just makes too much sense for the State of Chile. We are not pumping any more natural resource out of the ground. We're just using a technology to be able to improve the yield and generate additional value for the State of Chile and for the community. And so, I mean this is a no-brainer, really. It just takes a little bit of time for us to get the papers in line. So, hopefully, we'll be back here shortly with some good news there.
Robin Fiedler - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Okay. Thanks. And just lastly, just on Wave 3 expansion, is there a priority between Kings Mountain and Antofalla?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. We're still assessing that, and the priority will be when you look quantitatively at the resource and the returns that we get and, when you look qualitatively, the ease of getting there. So, it's a combination but we haven't finished that assessment yet.
Robin Fiedler - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from the line of John Roberts of UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Luke, you have a target of 50% of the industry growth in lithium. Do you think that's still the right way to characterize your growth target? Do you need to be more flexible depending on competitor plans? Or do you think it's more important so the competitors know exactly where you're going, so you signal to them exactly what you're going to do?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think that we laid out as a target so we could have the growth back whenever we were looking at a much lower growth expectation through now through 2021. Our goal is to be the most profitable lithium business in the world. So, we're not going to chase volume. We're not going to chase volume at the expense of value for the company and the shareholders just so we can say we got 50% of the growth. We want to make sure that everybody understands that we have the balance sheet to be able to meet the demands of our customers, and we're going to do it in a way that drives the valuation of the company for all of our stakeholders. So, there's no magic number out there other than to be the most profitable lithium company in the world.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, does the acceleration in CapEx increase the likelihood of another asset sale like you just did with Catalyst?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: If you look at our balance sheet, we don't have the need to do that. But we certainly have the flexibility to do it. Should that, we're always looking at our portfolio to understand how we can drive shareholder value. So, if we think we can divest something to drive shareholder value, we'll do it. But we have no need to do it in the short, medium or long term to be able to achieve our objectives, okay?
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Thank you for your question. That's all we have time for ladies and gentlemen, I will now hand it back to Mr. Eric Norris for closing remarks. Thank you.
Eric W. Norris - Albemarle Corp.: I just want to thank everyone for their interest in Albemarle today. I'm sorry we've hit the top of the hour. We look forward to follow-ups and further discussions throughout the balance of the quarter. Thank you. And, Lisa, we can now end the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp. Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp. Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp. John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp. Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp. Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.
Analysts: Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) David Huang - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Matthew Skowronski - Nomura Instinet Neel Kumar - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2017 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dave. I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a Q&A session towards the end of the conference. And as a reminder, the call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt Juneau, Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you, Dave. And welcome to Albemarle's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albermarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Bromine Specialties; Silvio Ghyoot, President, Refining Solutions; and John Mitchell, President, Lithium and Advanced Materials. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude non-operating, non-recurring and other unusual items. GAAP financial measures and reconciliations from those to the adjusted numbers discussed today may be found in our press release and the Appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everybody. Before commenting on the third quarter results, I want to start the call by thanking our employees and their families for their outstanding dedication and resilience during Hurricane Harvey and its aftermath. Our employees were able to minimize downtime at both our Bayport and Pasadena plants and quickly resume production to meet the needs of our customers and minimize the financial impact on Albemarle. Making this even more impressive is the fact that they accomplished all of this while many dealt with flooded homes and power outages. I'd also like to thank the Albemarle employees around the world who stepped up to support their colleagues in need in Houston during this trying time. Turning to the third quarter. Excluding divested businesses, revenue grew just over $100 million, or 15%, and adjusted EBITDA grew by $22 million, or 12%, compared to the third quarter of 2016. This marks our seventh consecutive quarter of revenue growth on this basis and our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth. These results were driven primarily by continued strong growth in Lithium and solid performance in Bromine Specialties. Excluding the negative impacts from Hurricane Harvey, Refining Solutions and PCS performed about as anticipated. Looking to the future, our Wave 1 Lithium capital projects remained on track as do our exploration efforts to define Wave 2 new Lithium resource projects targeted to provide growth beyond 2021. In the third quarter, we announced the development of a yield improvement technology that could allow us to increase our annual production capacity in Chile from 80,000 metric tons to about 125,000 metric tons on an LCE basis without the need for any increased brine extraction from the Salar. In connection with this announcement, we requested that CORFO increase our lithium quota, and that request is still pending. Just this week, we filed a Permit Application in Western Australia for the development of a Greenfield site to build a world-scale plant to convert Talison spodumene to lithium hydroxide. We continue our exploration of additional resource opportunities, including the Antofalla region in Argentina and our Kings Mountain spodumene resource. Additionally, in addition to organic growth, we remain very active in assessing a variety of M&A opportunities in lithium and are focused on those that could accelerate growth, bring us new technology of resources, or otherwise de-risk our strategy. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke. For the third quarter, we reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.08, an increase of about $0.19 per share, or 20% compared to third quarter 2016, excluding divested businesses. Our businesses delivered about $0.23 per share of that growth, with most of that coming from Lithium. A lower effective tax rate contributed about $0.02. Those gains were partially offset by the impact of Hurricane Harvey of about $0.07 per share. Note that most of the negative impact from Harvey was in Refining Solutions and PCS, both of which have operations and multiple customers and suppliers in the Houston area. There was no significant plant damage at our sites. However, there were increased costs caused primarily by factory downtime, equipment replacement and repair, and logistics and supplier outages that forced us to use more expensive alternatives. With respect to tax, we now expect our full-year 2017 effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension, and OPEB items, to be about 19.5%, down from our prior guidance of 21%. The reduction is based on our current outlook of sales and production mix by country so far in 2017 and our expectations for the fourth quarter. Strong operations at our bromine joint venture in Jordan have been an especially important factor in the reduced tax outlook. Corporate costs were $28.2 million during the third quarter. Given our updated view of the rest of the year, 2017 corporate costs are now likely to be about $110 million to $115 million. Total operating working capital was 28% of revenue, up 1% from the second quarter. We expect to return to our guidance level of about 27% of revenue by the end of the year. Capital spending year-to-date through September was $188 million. Our Wave 1 lithium projects continue to ramp, with spending during the third quarter almost equal to the first six months of 2017. Spending will increase further in the fourth quarter of 2017 and into 2018. Based on payment terms and timing of equipment delivery, we now expect total 2017 spending to be about $310 million to $350 million. Through the end of the third quarter, our adjusted free cash flow was $236 million. This number represents cash flow from operations, adding back pension and post-retirement contributions and subtracting capital expenditures, but excluding one-time synergy, acquisition, and tax-related costs. For the full year, we now anticipate adjusted free cash flow of between $275 million and $325 million. Before I report on our businesses, I would like to inform you that, effective the beginning of 2018, management of the PCS business will move from Lithium & Advanced Materials into Refining Solutions. The combined Refining Solutions and PCS businesses will form a new GBU called Catalyst. This will enable the Lithium leadership team to be even more focused on its customers, markets, and excellence in operations. There'll be no change to the Bromine Specialties GBU. The change will be a straightforward move of PCS revenue and adjusted EBITDA from Lithium to Catalyst, and there should be no impact on your ability to model our performance. Moving on to our business performance, Lithium & Advanced Materials had another very strong quarter, with net sales of $344 million and adjusted EBITDA of $130 million, resulting in adjusted EBITDA margins of 38%. Compared to the third quarter of 2016, net sales were up 43% and adjusted EBITDA was up 42%. In Lithium, third quarter net sales were up 62% and adjusted EBITDA up 65% compared to the third quarter of 2016. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 42%, the 11th consecutive quarter with adjusted EBIDA margins over 40%. Year-on-year, volume grew in the quarter by 29%, and pricing improved by approximately 32%. Battery-grade products drove essentially all of the volume growth and most of the pricing improvement. PCS performed in line with expectations, excluding negative impacts from Hurricane Harvey of about $4 million. Net sales were flat compared to the third quarter of 2016, and adjusted EBITDA was down 25% year-on-year. Mostly as a result of Harvey, the full-year PCS adjusted EBITDA is now expected to be down mid to high-single digits on a percentage basis versus 2016. Third quarter net sales for Refining Solutions were $170 million, down 11% year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $43 million, down 34% year-on-year, impacted by about $5 million due to Hurricane Harvey, and by product mix, volume, and higher input costs. Net sales of Fluid Catalytic Cracking, or FCC catalysts, were approximately flat compared to third quarter 2016 with product mix driven by continued strength of VGO products in North America, partially offset by lower volumes of higher-margin max polypropylene products. Net sales of Clean Fuels Technologies, or HPC catalysts, were down as expected compared to the third quarter of 2016 as a result of product mix and volume. Bromine Specialties reported net sales of $213 million and adjusted EBITDA of $64 million, up 9% and 23%, respectively, compared to third quarter 2016. Results were driven by solid demand for flame retardants and lower year-on-year production from Chinese bromine companies. Now I'll turn the call back to Luke to update our view of the year.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Scott. Albemarle continued to deliver on its commitments to our stakeholders with another quarter of year-over-year growth. In addition, we made significant progress on our Lithium capital and exploration projects. As a result of strong year-to-date performance and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we're increasing our full-year 2017 guidance despite some continued expected negative impacts in the fourth quarter from Hurricane Harvey in PCS and Refining Solutions. We now expect our 2017 net sales to range from $3 billion to $3.05 billion. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $860 million and $875 million, with adjusted diluted EPS now estimated at $4.40 to $4.50 per share. The increased guidance is driven largely by performance in Lithium and Bromine, with Lithium now forecasting full-year adjusted EBITDA growth of more than 50% versus 2016 and Bromine now forecasting adjusted EBITDA growth of around 10% versus 2016. While Refining Solutions is forecasting the highest EBITDA levels for the year in the fourth quarter and while the order book looks solid, there's always a risk that HPC orders could slip into 2018. As we look toward 2018, we believe we have positioned the company for another outstanding year. Our budgeting process is well underway, and while it is too early to provide specific guidance, we're very confident in another strong year. Early indications suggest the potential for greater than 20% growth in our Lithium Business supported by continued stability in Bromine Specialties and Catalyst.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Operator, we are ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before you do so, I would remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time so that everyone has a chance to ask questions. Then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups, if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: Thank you. This comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan at RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Just a question on Q4. So, if I were to assume a little bit of lingering hurricane impact in PCS and Refining Solutions and then take the midpoint of your guidance, it does imply slightly better results sequentially in Lithium. What's driving that? Is that just the timing of the order book? And maybe you can potentially give us your confidence in the size of that impact. Thanks.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: You jumped in and out of us being able to hear you on that. I think you said that, given everything, it looks like we're sequentially flat in Lithium from third to the fourth quarter. Is that right?
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: No. Actually, I said it looks like you're sequentially up in Lithium from third quarter to fourth quarter.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I still can't hear you. I'm sorry.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I'm sorry. Are you sequentially up from 3Q to 4Q in Lithium?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. This is Scott. So, we're effectively flat to maybe slightly up in the fourth quarter. As we think sequentially, we see a bit better performance on the revenue line, but we do have increased spending in our resources, as we talked about last quarter, that will offset that a little bit. So, I think we're in good shape for another great quarter.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then just as a quick follow-up for 2018. You just noted potential for 20% or more growth in Lithium. Maybe just bucket that out into your expectations for price and volume. Thanks.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, hi. This is John. So, as we've guided in the past from a volume perspective, we continue to expect to add about 10,000 metric tons minimum per year. So that's within our growth plan for next year. So, an incremental 10,000 metric tons of additional capacity. And from a pricing perspective, we're guiding to mid-single digits on pricing for 2018.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Joel Jackson at BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi. Good morning. Maybe you can talk a little bit more about your ability to extract more lithium from your new technology or new innovation at Salar de Atacama. Can you maybe give a little more color on what the process is, is some CapEx investment in the plant, is it the pond? Anything you can give will be appreciated. Thanks.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hi. This is John. First off, it's important to understand that this technology does not require us to pump any more brine. So, from a Chilean government perspective, we're not consuming any more natural resource, which is a big plus for the Chilean government. It does require a change in operation and it does require capital investment. And really from a proprietary perspective, that's probably as much details I'm willing to talk about. But it's really exciting technology. It allows us to grow substantially in the Atacama up to at least 125,000 metric tons. And we've piloted the technology, so we know it works. And it's going to be very exciting for us and also for the Chilean government.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: And just to add, John, the capital will be focused in the Salar, not in the operating plant. So, it will be focused in the ponds, correct?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: That's correct, Luke. It'll be focused in the mining operation.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): That's helpful. Thank you. And a final question on Bromine. Bromine levels are better. It looks like it was more in volume than pricing. You've talked about some Chinese restarts in Q4. Would we expect a bit of a pullback in the Bromine earnings in Q4? And I think you suggested stability (18:40) for Bromine. So is it possible to step back as well?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: This is Raphael. I would expect that Q4 is relatively consistent with Q3 at this point. I think the trends that had been favorable for the Bromine business this year, both on the demand side in the Flame Retardant business as well as the shutdowns in Chinese production which has led to better pricing, generally support what we're seeing in Q3. And we expect some of that to continue into Q4. On an annual basis, usually Q4 is slightly weaker than the rest of the quarter. So, it just depends on order of timing where that would fall for Q4. But I think the underlying trends we expect to continue.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of David Begleiter at Deutsche Bank. Go ahead, please.
David Huang - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. This is David Huang here for David Begleiter. I guess first question on Lithium. Can you discuss what drove the strong operating efficiency out of the Chinese assets and what the operating rates are for those two assets? And also, what kind of volume growth should we assume for Lithium in Q4?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: This is John. First off, the China assets, they've performed excellent in 2017. We expect them to continue to perform extremely well going into 2018. They're operating at almost full capacity right now and they've been operating at very high capacities for most of 2017. With regard to volume expectations, as Scott said earlier, from an EBITDA perspective you can expect Q4 to look a lot like Q3, maybe a little bit extra volume in Q4.
David Huang - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. And Refining, what drove down the performance in Refining besides hurricane? Do you think the issues in Q3 and year-to-date are all transitory? And how do you get this business back to your growth trajectory?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: David, good morning. This is Silvio. As you mentioned, you're correct that the hurricane had an unforeseen effect on the results. But if I take the macro picture, Refining business is in good shape and demand is strong for both HPC and Fluid Cracking. However, as we guided already before, we were expecting a lower quarter volume and then primarily for the HPC, followed by large order book for the last quarter. We're holding on strong to that, but you know there's still a risk that things may be slipping out. So from a macro perspective, I feel comfortable that refining industry and that the Catalyst demands remains strong for the longer haul and this is based on the fact of the strong demand for fuels and petrochemicals. And our business in this particular market is a bit extraordinary this year in that quarter three shows lower and we show a big lump into quarter four.
David Huang - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of P.J. Juvekar at Citi. Go ahead, please.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Thank you. As you explained Talison, do you know what the new (22:21) would be on the new terms? And as you are building the mines and the conversion plant, what would be the total CapEx? Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: So, if you look at Talison, Talison is a joint venture. So, the joint venture will fund the expansion of Talison without any additional capital call to the shareholders. They will be able to fund that capital from their own operating cash flow and borrowing. There will be no additional capital call expected from either of the partners. Then, we will fund our own conversion capacity, where we take the spodumene concentrate and convert it to lithium hydroxide. And that's already in the 165,000 met tons that we talked about bringing online by 2021.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then secondly, as you increase your production in Chile and Australia, are you still looking for M&A? And would you want to have a controlling stake, or would you be happy with a minority stake?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, we are certainly looking at M&A. We've got a great balance sheet, and we believe we can flex that as necessary for anything that would de-risk our strategy or accelerate our strategy. We are very active in looking at M&A opportunities today that have come through. They've got to satisfy one of those criteria, and we've also got to be able to get a return on that invested capital. Whether or not we have a minority stake or a majority stake or any of that is just speculation. And until you see what the deal looks like, until you see what the financials look like, and until you see how it accelerates the strategy, it really doesn't (24:14) talk about what our criteria would be in that sense. So, it doesn't make a lot of sense to talk about it. So, we are very active and feel like we have the balance sheet and have the track record of incorporating those acquisitions that make us a good candidate to be out there finding the right opportunity.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jim Sheehan at SunTrust. Please go ahead.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Quick clarification on Refining Solutions. Are all of your facilities up and running after the hurricane? And I'm just curious about why there's still a little uncertainty regarding your Catalyst orders, that some of them might possibly slip into 2018. Do you not have enough visibility now, as of today, to be able to say whether those orders will occur in this quarter?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hey, this is Luke. Let me take the second one, and then I'll let Silvio have the one about the plants. If you look at orders, we've got the orders, but the orders can always slip. You can have refineries decide they want to take it in January as opposed to taking it in December, or you can have a – if you've got a late schedule, you could have a logistics issue that it slides over to the next quarter. So, it's not a matter of if we get the order, it's a matter of when you recognize the revenue. Silvio, you want to talk about our operations for a second? (25:43)
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Sure, Luke. Thanks. Well, as Luke mentioned before, we are extremely satisfied on how we have gone through the storm. Our people at the plants have done an extraordinary job to keep the plants safe during the event. And then, at the end, they made an extraordinary job in bringing the plants on after being down for about one week. We started with our HPC plants at the beginning of the week and then, the next 48 hours, we got our FCC running. We got some damage on the plants. Nobody got hurt. And obviously, we have had to deal with the aftermath, which was not getting material out because the roads were flooded, did not get material into the ports at time, et cetera, et cetera. So, the financial impact from Harvey primarily comes from the issues around not getting orders out in time, customers being at a standstill and not operating their refineries. But all is solved right now. We're having the first effect on the third quarter. As Scott mentioned, we are expecting also an effect on the fourth quarter, and maybe little remnants still in quarter one.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: But everybody's operational today, Jim.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then, regarding your filing for a higher lithium quota with CORFO. Do you expect your royalty rates to change as a result of that filing? Do you think CORFO will increase the royalty that they take on the lithium?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: So, Jim, I'm not going to negotiate with CORFO over the telephone. We're having discussions with CORFO. We told you what we expect our margin is going to be going forward. There's nothing that's going to happen with regard to that Application that's going to change our margin profile in any way.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Robert Koort at Goldman Sachs. Go ahead, please.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Dylan Campbell on for Bob. Thanks for taking my question. I'm curious of what your expectations are for carbonate versus hydroxide demand growth and how that will play out based on different cathode chemistries, like 622 or 811.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, hi. This is John. Albemarle is a little bit different than others in this industry, where we're only investing based on long-term agreements that we negotiate with our customers. The customers that we've selected are really the best battery producers and cathode producers in the world. And each one of those battery producers and cathodes producers has a different view on where they want to take battery chemistry and whether they would like to utilize carbonate and hydroxide. Right now, when you look at our Wave 1 investments, it's fairly balanced between carbonate and hydroxide. However, if our customers are willing to sign long-term agreements and it's more heavily weighted to hydroxide, we have the full capability and the resources to be able to increase hydroxide. If they want carbonate, we have the ability to do that. So, our approach to the market is to really team with our customers and get into a long-term planning process and a long-term commitment to each other to make sure they have the right molecule.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And across your pricing mix, do you make more money on hydroxide or carbonate, or is it fairly equal across your contract base?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: So since this is not a commodities market, each customer is a little bit different. Their requirements are a little bit different. And you really need to get into what the individual contract requirements are and how we define prices based on what the customer is asking for and the value that we're adding. And so, there are certain cases where we make more in hydroxide and other cases where we make more in carbonate. It's just not a commodities market. And you can rest assured that we understand the value that we're bringing to the customer and we're pricing appropriately.
Dylan Campbell - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aleksey Yefremov at Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Matthew Skowronski - Nomura Instinet: Morning. This is Matt Skowronski on for Aleksey. Regarding the new Greenfield spodumene conversion site, can you remind us how many converters you're currently using? And what drove this decision? Was it logistics cost, lack of available conversion capacity or something else? And then how much capacity will this site have?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hey. I'll let John get into the details. But this was always part of the plan. If you go back and look at our Investor Day Presentation earlier this year, we said that there was additional 40,000 met tons, I think, of conversion to be determined. And this is all consistent with the strategy. In a matter of we're going to bring the Talison spodumene to Western Australia so it is easier from a trucking standpoint; you don't have to move around as much, but we'll be moving finished product. So, we need to be the low-cost producer in the marketplace. We feel like we've got the engineering capability to be able to do that. And it also gives us some flexibility from a China standpoint with the acquisition and the capital project we have going on over there to expand that site and have something else outside of China in Western Australia as well. So, this is not a change at all. It's totally consistent with what we had said at our Investor Day Presentation. And you'll continue to see expanding the ability to convert Talison spodumene into lithium hydroxide for Lithium customers in servicing that area of the world.
Matthew Skowronski - Nomura Instinet: Thank you. And then on Bromine, can you just talk about if you are able to capture any market share with the Chinese producers being out and if you expect pricing to continue maybe beyond 2018? Thank you.
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: This is Raphael. So, our Chinese business is relatively small compared to the other major suppliers. That being said, I think the share that we have captured has been relative to the global market. So as Chinese production was down, we were able to take advantage of that opportunity, sell more into the Chinese market at higher prices, which contributes favorably to our results. That being said, we're cautiously optimistic about Chinese prices going forward. So far, it looks like a positive trend of higher prices. And as long as that holds true, we'll continue to look for opportunity for price or volume. Our fundamental strategy is to maintain the cash flow of this business for the long term throughout cycles. So, while we're taking advantage of opportunities on price and volume related to China, we continue to work on productivity and efficiency projects at our plants. And that should have a meaningful long-term impact on our cash flow.
Matthew Skowronski - Nomura Instinet: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews at Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Neel Kumar - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. This is Neel Kumar calling in for Vincent. On Lithium, can you discuss what type of impact the increased exploration costs have had on 3Q margin levels?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. This is Scott. So, we had a couple of basis points – about 200 basis points to 250 basis points of impact due to combination of the resource costs as well as the royalties and community costs that we paid down in Chile.
Neel Kumar - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And do you expect that to continue over the next several quarters? Would this be kind of the new margin level, in the low 40%s?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, our expectation is that the Lithium business delivers margins that are north of 40%. It's going to vary depending on both product mix and the amount of spending that we're doing in terms of explorations. Our expectation is that the second half of this year is kind of the normal. And we'll see how that develops over time.
Neel Kumar - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Colin Rusch at Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks so much. Can you guys give us a bit of insight on the new brine processing technology and the downstream efficiencies for the carbonate production and any configuration changes you might be seeing in that processing facility?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hi. This is John. I just answered a question a couple moments ago regarding the technology in the mine in the Atacama. It is a process change and it does require capital investment in the mine. Because of the proprietary nature of the technology and the fact that it gives us a good advantage, we're not really going to disclose publicly exactly what we're going to be doing in the Atacama, but it is certainly world-class in terms of efficiencies as we push north of 80%. And it's also great for the people of Chile because it is more sustainable and it allows them to create more value by utilizing the same brine that we're pumping today. So, it's great for the country. It adds a tremendous amount of value to the region and it's good for us and it's good for the customers. With regard to the refineries, we're always improving our processing at the refineries and getting more efficient there as well. As Luke mentioned, we are laser-focused on maintaining the lowest-cost position in the industry. And part of that is to make sure that we are taking care of the molecule in a way that we're being as efficient with it as possible. And so, part of what has gone on and on in La Negra is technology improvements to allow us to improve efficiencies in the refinery operation as well. And that's going extremely well for us.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, if I could add, this is the way I look at this is this is very similar to bringing on a new resource. So, if we could get another 40,000 metric tons over there, if you look around the world that the announcements that are coming online about potential new entrants, when you're talking about bringing 40,000 metric tons, we understand what a Brownfield brand-new resource would cost and we understand what the technology and the cost of this would be to bring it on with this yield enhancement. Suffice it to say that it is a much less capital-intensive to bring on this with yield enhancement in the Salar than it is to bring on a new Brownfield resource. And the returns on invested capital will be much better than if we were bringing on another resource somewhere else in the world.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks, guys. And then just looking at a lot of the activity around cathode material adjustments. And we're seeing a fair amount of activity around your customers changing what they're working with from a cathode perspective. Can you talk a little bit about the dynamics and rate of change in terms of the specs that you're seeing from those customers and how diverse that's getting at this point?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: This is John. First off, most of this battery material is going into electric cars, right? And so, the warranty issues around batteries that need to last 10 years or more than 10 years are significant. And so, the quality standards continue to increase really each year, and not just the quality of the material, but the whole quality management system and the way we actually have to produce the product. So that's one big area. We continue to partner with our customers that sign long-term agreements to understand how that molecule is going to evolve. And it could be a molecule change. It could be a molecule modification. It can have physical property – physical characteristics. It could have chemical characteristics. So, again, we're working with individual market leaders in cathode and batteries to make sure that we can tailor our molecule so that their battery can have a better performance than others in the market. And that's what we're focused on.
Colin Rusch - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right. Great. I'll take the rest of it offline. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn at Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to poke around a little bit around the refining catalyst part of the business. First of all, on the HPC downdraft this quarter and then, pretty significant shipments looks like expected either for the fourth quarter or the first quarter. How should we think about the timing of these shipments and how they're going to impact your quarters in 2018? In other words, was this an abnormally low cycle in terms of change-outs for your business and you will get back to a more typical growth in HPC in 2018? Or are we dealing with something else here?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Silvio?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Hi. Good morning. This is Silvio. As I tried to explain earlier, and I tried to go back to the fundamentals of the market, 2017 shows a strong demand. And our expectations for 2018 are not any different. If you look at Albemarle's business and which deals we are picking up and which change-outs we are having with certain refiners, there is already something extraordinary in this year's picture that, as I explained before, that some larger change-out and some industrial trials were sitting in the middle of the year, which were causing that – the demand was expected to be somewhat lower. And coincidentally, some of our secured orders, as Luke was saying, are lumping up at the end of the year. The risk of those orders not occurring has more to do with hiccups in shipping lines or last-minute changes for deliveries with the customer. It's not so much to do with, do I get the order or not. Going forward for 2018, I'm expecting a more regular pattern. There is no indication on why it would show a similar extraordinary pattern as this year. But this being said, it's all the discretion of the refiners to figure out when they will accept orders and when they will make change-outs, and when they need deliveries. So, to wrap it up and to answer your question, the fundamentals for the market do not change, and expect ongoing solid demand for both HPC and FCC for next year. And I also do not foresee any event that would cause a skewed order of delivery patterns.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Silvio, that's helpful. And then just as my follow-up question, as my second question, just looking at raw material costs. Lithium obviously is going up in price pretty significantly, but so is cobalt and so is nickel and so is molly (42:00) and so are rare earths. So how is your Refining Catalyst business, both on the FCC side and the HPC side, dealing with the escalating input costs? Are you getting pass-throughs in time? Are you starting to put in surcharges? So, what's going on in your pricing response to these raw material pressures?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Thanks. Let me take a step back and recall that, somewhere in the middle of 2016, we have started with price increases. And at the basis of those price increases were already the uptick we were seeing in all or most of the metals at that time, and in general, an increase also in all the other raw materials that I said. (42:32) Going forward, looking at that situation today, nothing has changed, other than it's becoming a bit worse. All raw materials are going up. Metals are going up. And that reinforces the fact that we are continuing or ramping up our efforts for adjusting the prices. In terms of passing those metal prices on, most of the cases are typically, we have escalated in our HPC pricing. Which means that, with some delay, you're passing on the metal prices to the customer. I'm saying typically, because in some deals, you have some fixed prices. The same with the FCC, the rare earth pricing is gradually going up, and also the formula to pass on that part of the cost to the customers. But overall, beyond the pricing, we see this inflationary pressure which is at the basis of the price corrections we are trying to make on an individual basis with each customer.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of John Roberts at UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Hi there. Could you talk a little bit about the non-battery markets for Lithium? Are those customers getting all the volume they want? And how is price trending in some of those products?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Hi. This is John. Yes, for any long-term customer, contracted customer, we're going to make sure that our customers get supplies and materials, in whatever lithium form they need it. Certainly, pricing in the battery space, as Scott mentioned I guess in the overall comments, that's where we're seeing largest pricing appreciation, in the battery space. So, other areas in the synthesis, in the ag chem, where we have different types of molecules, as we've discussed before, they're already priced to value. So, you're not seeing much appreciation in terms of price in other types of molecules, because you could run up against, in some cases, substitution risk, et cetera. So, we price those molecules based on the value that they're creating. In a lot of cases, those are GDP or GDP-plus markets, but not the exciting growth and high-growth segments, like energy storage. But for any kind of customer that is willing to sign up to a long-term contract, we're going to make sure that they have the right product.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. The next question is from the line of Chris Kapsch at Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Good morning. I had a follow-up on this discussion around Catalyst and margins. If you look, it looks like the year-over-year margin comparisons have gotten progressively more negative for each of the first three quarters of 2017. And I understand there's some mix and timing issues and I understand there's increasing raw materials. But, at least in FCC, you and some of your competitors have talked about the entitlement to get more pricing based on the value for performance that your products deliver. But it looks like it's been more talking about pricing than actual pricing. And I'm just wondering if you could comment on that. One of your key competitors just announced a very explicit additional price increase. Do you have intentions to follow that? And can you just handicap the prospects of actually getting some more positive traction on the industry's narrative of getting some pricing, at least in FCCs? Thanks.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, I assume you are talking about our FCC plants running at high utilization rates and at the same time we're facing some inflationary pressure. As we've communicated in the past, we continue to push for higher prices for the added value that we deliver to the customer. This is on a customer-by-customer unit-by-unit effort. And we're always going to extract the value we can. So, we're certainly going look to extract that value anywhere we can. I think you've got to be careful to look at what's going on overall at our business in 2017 as compared to 2016. Because of some of the octane standards, from an FCC standpoint, we're seeing more sales into the VGO market, which will be down, and we have some trials going on in our max propylene market. Our highest margin products in max propylene, because that brings the highest value to the refineries. So, when you see that volume decline a little bit because of these tests, you see us replace it with VGO, that's going to be lower-margin product for us. Still excellent margins, but it's going to give us lower-margin product. If you look on the HPC side, our highest-margin product is distillates because that is the cut where we have the most experience and we have traditionally held the strongest product offering. If you've seen some of the builds that we've had this year, they've been in that resid market because you're seeing more and more resid markets coming online. So, I think what you're seeing for that overall comparison is a combination of that mix more so than anybody losing anything on price.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's fair. Appreciate the mix comments. But just as a follow-up, could you talk about the handicap, the ability, for you and maybe the industry to get more affirmative pricing in FCCs just on an apples-to-apples basis on your base FCC customer sales? Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, I think this is consistent with what we've always said. Where we provide value to the refinery, we can get increased value. So, it is a value proposition. So, in areas where we're able to provide value to that customer and show that increased value that we're bringing them by using our catalysts so that they can increase their yields, we're able to get more of a price because it's a win-win for both of us. In the areas where they don't need that yield enhancement or areas where they can use a less expensive catalyst to get by because they don't need the yield, then you can't get the price passed through. It's all about the value that we're contributing to the customer.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. I think for the nine months, your equity income was about $55 million. Is, I don't know, 75% of that Talison?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, Jeff. That's about right.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And your cash flow for the nine months was $75 million. And I guess maybe there's a $200 million drawdown because of tax payments.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: That's correct.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Your working capital overall was negative $400 million. So, like normally I would expect Albemarle to throw off, I don't know, $600 million, $700 million, in cash per year. What's the normal level? And is this a really unusual year? Or because of your expansionary plans, there's a drain on working capital over a multi-year period? Can you talk about operating cash flow?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, I think there's two components to look at as you look at our operating cash flow trends. One – and you touched on both of them. The tax payment that we made on the sale of Chemetall hit in the first half of this year. That was $255 million. So that's a drag on our operating cash flow. The second one is, with the growth in our revenue, particularly with Lithium, we're seeing an increase in working capital in the third quarter. Specifically, we also saw an increase in working capital in Refining Solutions as they're getting ready for this big fourth quarter that we've talked about. We are expecting to see working capital come down in the fourth quarter as those shipments go out. But as we continue to grow and our working capital is going to range in that 27% range, we're going to see a continued cash drag from working capital. We do have efforts in place to start to work on reducing that rate. I do not think we'll ever be able to offset the growth that we're seeing until that starts to slow down. But, certainly, in the next several years we're going to see a drag coming from working capital.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And the dividends received from unconsolidated investments were $12 million versus $35 million in the year-ago period for the nine months. Is that reflective of the increased investment within the Talison joint venture and so there are fewer dividends that come back to you?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: You got it. That's exactly right. So, as they're investing in the expansions, you're going to see that their dividend will not go up proportionately with their equity income.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your questions and participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, so you may now disconnect. Thanks for joining. Have a very good day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matt Juneau - EVP, Corporate Strategy and IR Luke Kissam - Chairman and CEO Scott Tozier - CFO Raphael Crawford - President, Bromine Specialties Silvio Ghyoot - President, Refining Solutions John Mitchell - President, Lithium and Advanced Materials
Analysts: Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets John Roberts - UBS David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners Mike Harrison - Seaport Global Securities Mike Sison - KeyBanc Tyler Frank - Robert Baird Jim Sheehan - SunTrust Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Chris Kapsch - Aegis Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2017 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Susan, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Juneau, Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Juneau: Thank you, and welcome to Albemarle's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Bromine Specialties; Silvio Ghyoot, President, Refining Solutions; and John Mitchell, President, Lithium and Advanced Materials. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude nonoperating, nonrecurring and other unusual items. GAAP financial measures and reconciliations from those to the adjusted numbers discussed today may be found in our press release and the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luke Kissam: Hey. Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everybody. I'm very pleased with our second quarter results as we continued strong year-on-year growth, while meeting important milestone toward our long-term growth strategy. Excluding divested businesses and negative currency exchange impacts, revenue grew by $85 million or 13%, adjusted EBITDA grew by $29 million or 15% and adjusted earnings per share grew by $0.20 or 21% compared to the second quarter of 2016. Overall company adjusted EBITDA margins were 30%, a year-on-year increase of 77 basis points, and our three reported segments delivered improved adjusted EBITDA margins of 35%. Results were driven by strong volume and pricing growth in lithium while Refining Solutions, Bromine Specialties and TCF performed about as anticipated. The long-term secular growth trend in lithium continues to strengthen as evidenced by increasing targets across the automotive industry and the global effort for governments to support this transition to electric vehicles. The recent announcement by Volvo that they plan to make only fully electric and hybrid cars from 2019 onwards and the introduction of regulations in France and the UK to ban the sale of gasoline and diesel cars by 2040 are just a few recent examples. To support the contracted demand of our customers, we are committed to execute several expansion projects that are expected to increase Albemarle's global lithium derivative capacity to 165,000 metric tons on an LTE basis by the end of 2021, which we refer to as our wave 1 expansion. Talison is expanding its mine in Greenbushes and Albemarle is expanding the Salar brine operations in the Salar de Atacama, and maintaining current capacity in Silver Peak to produce the ore and brine concentrate volume to feed this wave 1 expansion. Additional exploration efforts are ongoing in Chile, Argentina, the U.S. and in other regions of the world, with the goal to develop new lithium hard rock and brine reserves to be used for capacity expansion past 2021. We expect to announce more about those results on those efforts during 2018. Along with our mining expansions, we have several large-scale lithium battery-grade derivative projects in various stages of completion. La Negra 2 is meeting battery grade specifications today and is in the process of ramping up to its 20,000 metric ton nameplate capacity based upon our planned brine ramp up in the Salar de Atacama. La Negra 3, which will expand the total lithium carbonate derivative capacity in Chile to over 80,000 metric tons is fully underway, and we can report the following progress. The Chilean authorities have approved the permits related to the project, contracts have been awarded for the major engineer units and equipment; construction leadership has mobilized with approximately 1,000 workers expected to be on the sites before the end of 2017. The combination of our La Negra and Silver Peak sites will yield at least 85,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate capacity by the end of 2021. In China, the Xinyu expansion will convert Greenbushes spodumene to 20,000 metric tons of LCE of lithium hydroxide, giving us a total of 35,000 metric tons of conversion capacity in China. This expansion is expected to start up in 2018, and we can report the following progress: The construction of the first of the front half of the plan is completed. All environmental permits have been granted and all long lead time equipment has been ordered. Finally, at the last step of our Wave 1 expansions, we expect to complete the addition of another 40,000 metric tons of LCE spodumene conversion capacity by the end of 2021. I am very confident that we are on pace these to meet our targeted completion dates on these projects in a way that allows us to meet the contracted demand of these products for our customers. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Tozier: Thanks Luke, and good morning, everyone. For the second quarter, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.13, an increase of $0.20 per share compared to the second quarter of 2016, or 21% growth, excluding the year-over-year impact of divested businesses. Growth in our businesses resulted in an increase of about $0.29. Business results were offset by a net cost increase in other areas of about $0.09 per share, primarily due to increased corporate expenses and a higher effective tax rate compared to second quarter of 2016. Business mix by country and continued strength in our Jordan Bromine Company joint venture drove a favorable effective tax rate in the quarter compared to our previous assumptions. As such, we now expect our full year 2017 effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items, to be just under 21%, down from prior guidance of 22%. Corporate costs were $28.2 million during the second quarter, driven by professional fees and compensation costs. Given our updated view of the rest of the year, 2017 corporate costs are now likely to reach the upper end of our expected range of $95 million to $105 million. Operating working capital ended the second quarter at 27% of revenue, in line with our 2017 guidance, and we expect to remain at a similar level for the rest of the year. In June, we completed the accelerated share repurchase program initiated in March. In total, we received and retired just over 2.3 million shares and expect our average share counts for all of 2017 to now be about 112.3 million shares. Our share counts for the second half will be 112 million even. We will continue to evaluate capital allocation opportunities between projects and transactions that accelerate our growth strategy and additional share repurchase programs. Capital spending year-to-date through June was $98 million. As Luke noted, our Wave 1 projects are ramping very quickly, and substantial project commitments have been made. This activity should drive increased spending in the second half of 2017. Based on payment terms and timing of equipment delivery, we expect total 2017 CapEx spending to be $325 million the $375 million, slightly lower than our previous guidance. In the first half of the year, our adjusted free cash flow was $170 million. This number represents cash flow from operations, adding back pensions and postretirement contributions, and subtracting capital expenditures, but excluding onetime acquisition and tax related costs. Unadjusted free cash flow, including those onetime costs, was impacted by a one-time tax payment of approximately $255 million, related to the sale of the Chemetall business. For the full year, we anticipate adjusted free cash flow of $225 million to $325 million. Now let me turn to our business units. Lithium and Advanced Materials had a very strong quarter, with net sales of $318 million and adjusted EBITDA of $133 million. This resulted in adjusted EBITDA margins of 42%. Compared to the second quarter of 2016, net sales were up 36% and adjusted EBITDA was up 60%. Let me break down these results a little more. The lithium portfolio again delivered outstanding results. Second quarter net sales were up 55% and adjusted EBITDA up 80% compared to the second quarter of 2016. Adjusted EBITDA margins were 47%, and overall volume grew in the quarter by 25%, with pricing improving by approximately 31%. The results were primarily driven by hydroxide volume growth, produced by our assets in China and by product and customer mix with higher average sales prices. For the full year, we now expect average pricing to be up about 20%. During the first half of 2017, overall global lithium operations have exceeded our expectations. We expect this to allow us to meet our full year target volume growth, while taking prudent steps to optimize brine inventory as we systematically ramp up Chile. Even with higher-than-average rainfall in the Atacama in 2017, our production team has put in place adequate contingency plans that should allow us to meet our stated goal of adding 10,000 metric tons of new LCE production this year. The split of carbonate and hydroxide production may change somewhat from our Q1 forecast, but we will continue to match production needs with the needs of our contracted customers. Full year expectations for adjusted EBITDA and volume both for the Lithium business remain unchanged. We still expect to deliver an adjusted EBITDA increase greater than 35% compared to 2016 and about 10,000 metric tons of growth on LCE basis. Due to product and customer mix and our increasing efforts in lithium resource exploration for Wave 2 growth, our adjusted EBITDA in the third and fourth quarter is expected to be similar to the first quarter of 2017. PCS performed in line with expectations. Net sales were down 2% and adjusted EBITDA was down 6% compared to the second quarter of 2016. Our full year expectation remains unchanged. Second quarter net sales for Bromine Specialties were $204 million, down 1% year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $62 million, down 7%, and was impacted by unfavorable pricing of the byproduct potassium hydroxide, higher freight costs and lower clear brine volumes. Clear brine volumes were particularly strong in second quarter of 2016, providing a difficult comparison. Flame retardant demand across electronics applications continues to be healthy. The business delivered strong adjusted EBITDA margins in the quarter of 30%. Refining Solutions reported second quarter net sales of $184 million, and adjusted EBITDA of $50 million. Compared to the second quarter of 2016, sales were up 3% and adjusted EBITDA was down 19%. Adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter was down as anticipated, driven by sales mix and higher input costs. Sales volumes were supported by solid demand in clean fuel technologies, or HPC catalysts, especially in the heavier feed resid segment. This segment is traditionally lower margin. Fluid catalytic cracking, or FCC catalyst volumes, were down due to customer turnarounds and competitive trials, just as in the first quarter, but were partially offset by strength in FCC volumes in North America where lower margin VGO products are more prominent. Now I'll turn the call back over to Luke to update our view for the year.
Luke Kissam: Thanks, Scott. Up first half in position: 2017 is another outstanding year for Albemarle. The Lithium business performed very well in the first half of 2017. We remain on track with our aggressive capital and exploration projects in lithium, and are meeting the demand needs of our customers today. Bromine Specialties, PCS and Refining Solutions performed as anticipated. In addition, we returned $320 million to our shareholders through buybacks and dividends in the first half of 2017, and net debt-to-EBITDA ratio remains a very healthy 0.9. As we look to the second half of 2017, in Bromine Specialties, favorable market trends in flame retardants appear to be continuing and our plants continue to run very well. We expect full year adjusted EBITDA growth in the mid- to high-single digits on a percentage basis. In Refining Solutions, we expect on improved second half, with the fourth quarter forecasted to be much stronger than the third due to the timing of some larger CFT orders. As always with CFT, there is some risk related to orders slipping from one quarter to the next. In FCC, we continue to see strong demand in North America, driven by Tier 3 gasoline standards and the success of our action technology in that application. Finally, lithium continues on the path for full-year adjusted EBITDA growth of more than 35% versus 2016, with the third and fourth quarters expected to be similar to the first quarter of 2017. For the second half, we expect EPS in the third quarter to look similar to that in the first, and EPS the fourth quarter to be higher, driven largely by the timing of the orders in Refining Solutions. Based on the strong first-half results and our expectations for continued business strength in the rest of 2017, we are reaffirming our 2017 full year guidance for net sales of $2.9 billion to $3.05 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $835 million to $875 million and adjusted diluted EPS of $4.20 to $4.40 per share. In closing, I am pleased with our overall execution in the first half of this year and with the progress the teams have made in our capital and exploration projects in our lithium business. We remain very focused on meeting the needs of our customers and execution of our strategy, which we expect to deliver significant value to our shareholders over time.
Matt Juneau: Operator, we're ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before you do so, I'd like to remind everyone to please limit your questions to 2 at one time so that everyone has a chance to ask questions [Operator Instructions] Please proceed.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan, of RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: I wanted to ask a question just on the footnote 1 on the release, it talks about the inventory valuation method. Can you just explain a little bit more on how that impacted your results and what the implications are for the rest of the year?
Luke Kissam: Sure. I mean, from an adjusted perspective, we're taking inventory revaluation out of context, out of the number. So it really does not affect our adjusted EBITDA at all. If you look at our U.S. GAAP basis, the valuation related to our Chinese acquisition at the end of 2016, when you do an acquisition, you have to mark up the inventory that's being purchased to market value, and that flows through your results until that was out of them. So that's really what that relates to.
John Mitchell: And the only thing I would add is that did give us some additional volume in Lithium in the second quarter because of the amount of inventory that we acquired in the transaction.
Arun Viswanathan: Right, that was I was actually asking. And then the other question I ask was a follow up, was just on your second half outlook, maybe could just describe some of the issues that you've been experiencing weather-wise or if there was higher exploration cost or anything else that would lead you to believe the second half performance would be about the same as first half?
John Mitchell: Yes, this is John. So in the second half, we're going to have a product mix and also a customer mix that is going to lead to a slightly lower average sales price, as well as we have been ramping up exploration efforts so we have added costs in the second half. As Luke mentioned in his opening remarks, we have a number of exploration efforts going on around the world, and those efforts are ramping up. So the combination of those issues leads to the forecast that Luke and Scott mentioned earlier.
Luke Kissam: One thing I'll add on that is when you look at it in a full year basis. I know you've got it to look at it quarters and a half years and all that. When you look at it on a full year basis, we are right on track. We're doing exactly what we anticipated, the numbers may be moving around a little bit for the quarter. But for the full year, we feel great about where we are in Lithium. The exploration projects and really, all of our businesses, firing on all cylinders right now.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Roberts, UBS.
John Roberts: I think there's been some comments made about possible consolidation within the lithium competitive landscape here. How do you think about concentration in the industry and whether consolidation can occur?
Luke Kissam: What I think that for every -- as we've said, if you look at our balance sheet, our balance sheet is in very good shape. If you look at the acquisitions we've done, I think we've demonstrated the ability to integrate those businesses and get a return on the capital that we've invested in those businesses to drive long-term shareholder returns. And where there is an opportunity for us to acquire assets, be they a technology or a reserve or an operating assets, that allow us to de-risk and strengthen our strategy, we're certainly interested in doing it.
John Roberts: And then you gave us an update on your Wave 1 projects. Could you give us your understanding of competitor Wave 1 projects? And are there any periods that look unbalanced with respect to supply and demand over the next couple of years?
Luke Kissam: Yes, I can't comment anything more than what you've already read publicly about what the competitors may be doing. I think John can give you a pretty good view of our view of the supply and demand balance.
John Mitchell: Yes, I think our view on net supply and demand remains consistent. We see more product coming in from the Australian hard rock mines and China. Of course, the capacity that we are bringing on between now and 2020 and a few others. Overall, we see the market continue to be roughly in balance. There will be short periods of time where there could be some lumpiness in terms of capacity coming online. But really, overall, through the midterm, the market, overall in balance.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Luke and John, looking at lithium EBITDA guidance, the second half, is that good run rate for full year 2018? And if it's not, why not?
Luke Kissam: No, it's early to talk about 2018, but I wouldn't think that would be the guidance. I'd be very disappointed if that were our guidance for the full year, that run rate. Remember, we're talking about adding 10,000 metric tons a year. So we'll obviously have significant more volume in the second half in 2018, from a brine standpoint, we'll have more brine available, we'll be running La Negra, produce higher volumes out of that. So we still remain on track. We said our goal was to get 10,000 metric tons of additional volume in 2017 and 2018, and we believe we'll still be able to do that. So you shouldn't look at the second half of 2017 as a run rate from an EBITDA perspective, not at all.
David Begleiter: Good. And John, just on La Negra 2, are there any operating or ramp-up issues that could be impacting second half production rates or supplies to customers?
John Mitchell: So Q2, we produced more out of La Negra 2 than we did in Q1. We talked about the split of the 10,000 metric tons in previous calls, we're probably tilting a little bit a more toward lithium hydroxide versus lithium carbonate in the second half, in the overall year. But La Negra 2 continues to ramp up. We're managing the brine situation based on our commitments in our environmental permit. And as many know, there have been rain events in the Atacama, we're just really managing the brine situation there. But we continue to be focused on meeting the commitments of our customers and especially, the customers that have signed long-term agreements with us, and we're confident were going to make sure that we take care of them.
Luke Kissam: Yes, David, this is Luke. There's still a lot of noise out there about whether or not we're meeting our customers needs, or we declare force majeure. First of all, we have not declared force majeure. Second of all, every commitment that our customer has made to us, we fulfill that commitment. And we've seen no reason we won't be able to do that for the remainder of the year. The customers that are committed to us, we are going to meet their supply demands.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Bob Koort: Luke, I was wondering if you can characterize or maybe John, what your battery customer base looks like in say, 2018 or '19 versus where it is today in terms of scale of customers, diversity of customers, and where along the supply chain you might be getting inquiries? How would you expect that to transition if you become a much bigger part of that market?
John Mitchell: Bob, this is John. So we've worked really hard over the last couple of years in terms of developing relationships with the leading cathode and battery producers in the world. And I think as we go forward, our long term agreements and commitments are primarily, will primarily stay with that basket of customers as we go forward. As we evaluate the performance of different cathode and battery suppliers out there, we could engage them and bring them into our customer base. But we've been focused on really very high quality customer set and customers that have the same philosophy in terms of long-term planning and long-term commitments. And so we see going forward, at least, as far as I can see, a consistent set of customers going forward.
Luke Kissam: Yes, Bob. There's one thing I will say, I think this is accurate, although it may be anecdotal, we're seeing in Lithium, particularly in the battery space, more interest in the OEMs having discussions to make sure they understand the supply side of the business, maybe more so than we did in some of our other businesses. So we're having those conversations because it's always good. But right now, the supply chain over the next 2 years, at least, we see more in line with where we are today.
Bob Koort: And if I could follow up on the pricing side, I realize it's a pretty significant jumps in pricing. I know you've also talked about securing longer term contracts. How should we think about how your price dynamic moving forward either from restructuring contracts, writing new contracts or echoing maybe market price moves. How should we think about price flows through the line?
Luke Kissam: Yes, Bob. This is Luke. I don't want to talk about what pricing is going to be in '18 and '19. What I will say is that we pretty clearly articulated what our strategy was. Where we want to ensure that we're getting value today as well as long-term sustainable value for this business going forward, and I don't see anything that's going to change that strategy. We have big volume customers, the bigger the volume as a general rule, the lower the price. It's how we've operated and we're going to continue to look towards our margins in that 40% range. We believe we'll be able to keep that and where it makes sense to take pricing actions, we will. But we are focused on this short and long term, I don't see that strategy changing so long as the market dynamics that we see proceed as we expect.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Just wanted to understand your guidance for the second half of the year, Lithium pricing. It sounds like if you just kind of averaged the first half, and which are guiding for the year, we're looking at kind of mid- to high-single-digit year-over-year growth in Lithium pricing in the second half of the year. So first of all, I want to make sure that my math is right. And then secondly, I'm just wondering if that's a question of just comps being more difficult in the second half of the year because that's where you started to ramp up pricing or if pricing is actually expected to decline a little bit because of the mix?
John Mitchell: This is John. As we mentioned a couple of moments ago, because of the product mix and the customer mix, we see average selling price across this past quarter, quarter 2, going down a little bit in Q3 to Q4. It's not anything related to how we negotiate, or the fact that we're lowering the price in the market. It's strictly just based on our contractual commitments and where we see [indiscernible] hydroxide carbonate and types of customers that we are obligated to supply, there's a slight decline in terms of average selling price versus what we are able to accomplish in Q2.
Scott Tozier: Dmitry, as you alluded to, this is Scott. As we ramped up the contract negotiations last year, we're filling up those contracts in the price moves that happened in 2016, the year-over-year comparison going into 2017 starts to get more and more difficult and I think that's really what you're seeing reflected in our guidance in the second half.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Got you. And then just a follow-up on the Fine Chemical, chemistry services, that market has been heating up a little bit, probably over the last year, year and a half. I know you tried to sell that business once, didn't come to an agreeable outcome. Are you also [indiscernible] are you seeing more activity in there, a little more, stronger performance out of that business in the second half of the year and into 2018? And secondly, has the consolidation environment in the industry prompted you to take a look at monetizing that asset again?
Luke Kissam: Yes, we're not planning any increase in FCS in the second half. We'll look to see what happens in '18. I mean, Dmitry, those are long-term contracts that you've got to go out and get commitments for and then roll into. So I'm not expecting to see anything that's going to move the needle from a profitability standpoint in '17 -- in the rest of '17 or in '18. But they do take steps to continue to improve that business. We need to rebuild that business before we talk about any type of looking at any type of strategic options for it right now, Dmitry.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Luke, would you comment on the viability or lack thereof of direct shipments of ore by your competitors from Australia to China. Is that something that you would expect to be ongoing over the medium-term or more of a short-term phenomenon?
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think it's more of a short-term phenomenon, I think. But I'll let John go ahead and talk, you're talking about DSO, you're talking about concentrate, just so we're clear, Kevin?
Kevin McCarthy: DSO.
Luke Kissam: Go ahead, John.
John Mitchell: Kevin, this is John. So just so everyone understands what we were talking about, DSO is essentially a blasted rock, totally unprocessed, it's not upgraded at the mine in any way. And so in order to actually produce a usable product, first have to have an asset that can actually upgrade this rock to an ore concentrate of a certain quality and then that ore concentrate then has to be converted or refined into a lithium salt battery-grade or tech grade salt. And so our view is that the economics, if you think about the economics of just shipping raw rock that's blasted out of the ground, it's definitely not sustainable. And so how long will someone ship DSO and how long will someone pay kind of the high prices and the high shipping costs, our view would be relatively short-lived. So just based on the pure economics of it.
Kevin McCarthy: A second question, if I may, on hydroprocessing catalyst. Luke, I think you mentioned that you anticipate a strong fourth quarter of 2017. Recognizing that shipments can be lumpy and timing can be variable, do you think the greater risk would be acceleration of those shipments into 3Q or postponement back into the first quarter of '18 as you see it today?
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think it's always an issue. It's hard to tell, but I think we highlight for the fact that there's a lot built into the fourth quarter and it can slide into the first quarter. It depends on what happens with a capital budgets of the refiners, where they are and what that need is. I think there's a risk it could slide into the first quarter of next year, more so than being pulled forward.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison from Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Harrison: You guys mentioned that there's been some rain down in the Chile, Argentina area. And it sounds like you've been able to work and still be able to meet your customer needs without putting everybody on allocation. Was wondering though, have you incurred any higher costs associated with being able to meet all those customer needs, and is the weather affecting your expected mix that you referred to of shifting more toward hydroxide and away from carbonate?
John Mitchell: So first off, Mike, with regard to the rain event, we always have contingency plans from an operating perspective. The team has done a great job to ensure that we can meet our stated goal of 10,000 metric tons. And we have taken specific action to just make sure that we're smart about managing the brine system and the brine quality. We can actually make more carbonate today, but we wanted to make sure that we we're managing the pond system, we're managing the brine as best possible to make sure we have the most favorable economics and outcome.
Mike Harrison: And then you also mention the exploration efforts and kind of said that you're going to update us in 2018. But could you just maybe give us a little bit of color on exactly where the efforts are [indiscernible] most intensively as we look at the second half?
Luke Kissam: Yes, their ramping up all over. I don't know how else to say it. We started in the first half of the year. So we've got exploration work ongoing in numerous spots in the United States. We've got exploration in Argentina as we've talked about, we've got an option for rights in the Catamarca region there, that are very promising. We're also doing work in the Salar, in other areas of Chile as well as work being done in Australia, at our Talison facility. So we are ramping up everywhere. What's important for us is also to understand the quality of the reserves and to quantify the quality of those reserves by sometime in the first half of next year. So we can put some priorities and decisions and capital plans going forward. It just takes a long time to bring those types of resources online. Some would obviously be quicker than others but in the first half, first 9 months of 2018, we need to be making some decisions, and we'll update you when we know what we're going to do.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Mike Sison: Your outlook for Lithium in second half, certainly, year-over-year is still pretty impressive. But it was wondering if you could just help us understand a little bit of how mix, maybe some of the variables that change mix for that business, meaning is more hydroxide better for mix, less hydroxide and where you're making it from, different type of customers, just to better understand what changes in the second half versus the first half?
Scott Tozier: Yes, so let's just start on the customer side. So different customers, depending on the volume commitments and the long term commitments have different pricing, and that is a big part of kind of what's driving it as some large-scale customers are beginning to ramp up the take. So you have just a customer mix there in terms of different agreements that are negotiated. And then in terms of the economics, again it really, it's tough to paint a product, lithium hydroxide versus lithium carbonate, with the same brush because you really have to compare it against a specific customers in terms of whether margins are being impacted or not. So I would say that there is a mix issue in terms of carbonate hydroxide. That's probably even more importantly is the customer mix is really driving the overall average selling price, difference between Q2 and Q3 and 4.
Mike Sison: Right. That's helpful. Just shifting gears a little bit, I think you guys mentioned that an FCC, that trials are more competitive. It's that right? Is that causing some margin pressure? And if so, why do think the trials -- trialing is more competitive these days?
Luke Kissam: I'm not sure it's more competitive. I'll let Sylvia talk about how competitive they are. If you look at the margin pressure, what happens is if you look across the industry, the max propylene is probably the highest value because it gives the highest upgrade to the refinery, so they get more value out of that. Whenever you're in a unit that is a max propylene unit and then a customer trial comes in for that unit, you drop down to a VGO or some other level, you're going to get margin pressure on that. So that's really what's causing the pressure that we're seeing on margins in the second quarter and FCC. But with regard to the competitive nature of the trials, I'll turn you over to Silvio.
Silvio Ghyoot: Silvio. Luke is correct that the higher-margin segments like a max propylene have been affected due to those scheduled trials and turn around and some of our key customers. Worthwhile to note is also the fat that even in the higher-margin market like the VGO application, you start seeing that -- and we are always doing this, that our customers are expecting high performing rate, while we build in more activity so there is somewhere a cost pressure together with some inflation that is also having a negative effect on those margins.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tyler Frank from Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Tyler Frank: There were a few reports recently about global advanced metals, potentially filing an injunction to halt your expansion in Talison. Could you discuss that and any thoughts you can provide there will be helpful. And then the bromine market, it seems like overall, things continue to stabilize there, but can you provide just your current thoughts on the second half and heading into 2018? What you're seeing for overall demand in that market and the ability, you think, to potentially raise price and bromine, will be great.
Luke Kissam: Yes, let me take the GAM injunction. GAM and Talison operate right there together. They have the Tantalum mines, I think, John, isn't that right? And Talison is operated from years. There's historically been some back and forth between the two companies. There's been discussions in the past. This is just an escalation of that. It's really kind of business as usual and we feel very confident in Talison's position as do our partners and we are united in that we will vigorously defend this and it won't have a material impact on the plans that we have for Talison going forward. With that, bromine question, I'll turn that over to Rafael.
Raphael Crawford: So to give you perspective on bromine. From a market perspective as you would ask, what does that look like in going into 2018, end of 2017, we still see flame retardant growth in the low single digits, that's been driven by server demand, really the automation of automobiles, the Internet of Things. So that's been a positive. So it continues the trend from last year to this year. We would expect that over the next several years to continue on flame retardants. If you'll remember that we're very much electronics-oriented in our flame retardants business and some exposure to the construction market. Bromine supply in China remains tight. Lower production in China, prices have remained fairly good. They dipped down in Q2, but have come back up. And I think that the piece of uncertainty for us and of 2017 and 2018 is really on completion fluids. So that's what's going into drilling markets and oil field. Rig counts are low, we do benefit from having geographic diversity in our manufacturing sites. We're the only producer with a site in the Middle East and in the United States. So we're able to counterbalance trends in that area. But overall, I think bromine remains strong. We'll have mid- to high single-digit EBITDA growth this year doing a lot on our own productivity and efficiency improvements. That's gone very well so far this year and we'd expect that to contribute into next year. Just real quick on pricing. You asked a question about price. While we're always looking for opportunities to capture value. Some markets will be up. We've been able to capture some additional price in flame retardants, but we do see cost pressure continuing in the completion fluids market going forward. But they seem to net out this year and where there is an opportunity, we'll certainly look to capture those.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lawrence Alexander from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Nick Sucera on for Laurence. So I just have a quick question in catalyst, how do you see the set up for FCC and HPC for 2018, should be think about it, about a mid-single-digit cadence from this year?
Silvio Ghyoot: This is Silvio. Can you repeat that question, please?
Unidentified Analyst: Sure. So how do we see the set-up for FCC in HPC catalyst in 2018? Should we think about it on a mid-single digit [Indiscernible] year?
Luke Kissam: Yes, and this is Luke. Let me take that one. It's a little too early to talk about 2018. What we've said, I think in the past, is we expect to see low to mid-single-digit kind of growth and right now, what I would do is given where oil prices are and that the impact can have on HPC I think it's probably toward the lower to mid single-digit, that would be below 5%. So that's how I would look at it right now. Haven't seen the AOP roll up yet, but that will be my anticipation.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and maybe just an updated view on taxes and cash taxes this year and next.
Luke Kissam: Scott?
Scott Martin: Yes, cash taxes. As I mentioned, we paid a significant amount of cash taxes in the second quarter, so $255 million related to the Chemetall sale and the gain on that sale, that was as scheduled. And as we highlighted in prior calls, ongoing cash taxes remain in that mid-teen type of level, right where it's been the past several years, so right on tract. So no other surprises and no other large transactions coming through this year.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jim Sheehan of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Jim Sheehan: When I think back to 2016, I recall you raising your guidance based on some concurrency tailwinds you were seeing -- looks like currency is going to be another benefit here going forward in the second half. Are you incorporating a currency tailwind into your current outlook? Or why wouldn't you have [Indiscernible] considering what the dollar has been doing?
Luke Kissam: Yes, so far we obviously, watched the euro continue to strengthen as well as some other currencies, but primarily, euro for us. As you look at our range, we anticipated that the euro could strengthen. It's certainly not something that we bank on, not being FX traders at all. But at the end of the day, it's certainly in our range. So if the euro were to stay at the high end of where it is today, you should expect our guidance to be at the higher end of the range versus where we are at the midpoint. So but let's see how the year ends up because it certainly could go back the other direction between now and year-end. So right now, it's certainly looked at as part of what are, in our range.
Jim Sheehan: Great. And on Lithium margins, the 40% range, I guess, is a pretty wide range to think about. How should we think about these margins progressing in 2018, given that your La Negra 2 will be filled up and your spending for La Negra 3 shouldn't have really have started yet. So does that imply your margins expanding in 2018?
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think there's a whole lot of give and takes in that. So what we've always said is that we expect margins to maintain in that 40% range, maybe a little bit higher, 1 quarter. But if we get a mix of customers, maybe a little bit lower than other customer, maybe a little bit lower than other customers. And that's what I continue to model it. I wouldn't get margin creeping there. We've got additional cost that we'll have next year, and so because we'll have more exploration work. We'll have more work that will hit the P&L with regard to the early work on those new resources that we're bringing in and then we'll have the higher volume to offset that. So when we say kind of in that range of 40%, we mean that for the long term.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews for Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Just on the exploration costs, can you just dimentionalize for us roughly, what the impact to margins is? And then also help me or remind me, I guess that you can't CapEx it or treat it as CapEx, because it's hypothetical at this point, the projects. But what's the trigger that allows that to become CapEx rather than an expense?
Scott Tozier: Yes, Jim, or Vince, such a good question. As you look at first half versus second half from the resource spending, I'm expecting that the margin degradation is somewhere in, I don't know, the 4 percentage point range is what I'm expecting from those resource explorations. The accounting for this is obviously, tied into the mining industry. And generally what will happen is you're expensing the cost of exploration until you get to the point of having a proven and probable reserve. That there is an accounting definition around that as well, a mining definition or actual engineering definition. And after that, it's basically the value added spend that goes into it. So it will not be at 100% of what we spend that gets capitalized but only a portion of that. So as we get closer to actually developing those mines in the resources, we'll have a better sense of exactly what we'll need to spend in each side whether it's expense or capital.
Vincent Andrews: Just as a follow-up. The reduction CapEx for the year, I assume that's just that timing issue and probably would just flow into 2018? Nothing's changed but that's you think the projects are going to cost?
Scott Tozier: That's exactly right. It's really just the timing of when we're receiving equipment. But actually, more importantly, in the adjustment that we've made, it's the payment terms that we've actually been able to secure are actually a bit longer than we normally have. So those cash dollars will actually go out early in 2018 versus what we originally thought in 2017.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch from Aegis Capital.
Chris Kapsch: Just a slightly more nuance follow-up on the sequential pricing commentary. The mix of customers that you're referring to that leads to down pricing in the second half versus what you saw in the second quarter. Is this a function of just strategic customers hitting volume rebate thresholds? Or is it -- does it have to do with the mix of customers that whereas maybe more significant customers are getting, with pricing, are getting a more disproportionate amount of the volumes in tonnage?
John Mitchell: This is John. It has to do really with the latter. Certain customers are ramping up at a faster rate than others, and it's just that. And our long-term contracts have that ramp built into them. And so when you look at what our obligations are to serve and based on their pricing levels, we can calculate what the average selling price is expected to be going forward into Q3 and Q4. So it's really just the demand profile of our contracted customers.
Chris Kapsch: And if I could just follow up on that. Can you -- I know it's early to talk about 2018, but since these are contracted customers, maybe you can just extrapolate what the thinking is on pricing looking to 2018 based on those contracts and seeing which customers, I guess, are ramping more quickly and doing better than others. And then also along those lines, you commented you're more engaged with OEMs, not just the supply chain customers. At this juncture, do feel good about your strategic choices in terms of customers based on the winners and maybe those that aren't doing as well, as the EV market develops further?
John Mitchell: First off, I said earlier, we feel really good about the customer base that we've formed long-term partnerships and long-term supply arrangements with, I mean these are the leaders in the industry. So we're going to work really hard to make sure that they're as successful as they can be. Second part, just on pricing, keep in mind, our long term agreements have pricing flexibility built into them. As Luke said earlier, it's a little bit early to start talking about what does pricing look like in 2018, but our long-term agreements do give us pricing flexibility going forward.
Operator: Thank you for your questions, ladies and gentlemen, and your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining in, and have a very good day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matt Juneau - EVP, Corporate Strategy and IR Luke Kissam - Chairman and CEO Scott Tozier - CFO Raphael Crawford - President, Bromine Specialties John Mitchell - President, Lithium and Advanced Materials
Analysts: Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Alex Yefremov - Nomura Instinet Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners John Roberts - UBS Jim Sheehan - SunTrust P.J. Juvekar - Citi David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Mike Sison - KeyBanc Mike Harrison - Seaport Global Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research David Wang - Morningstar Jefferies - Dan Rizzo Chris Kapsch - Aegis Capital Tyler Frank - Robert Baird Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2017 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lisa, and I’ll be your coordinator for today. Today’s conference is being recorded. And at this time all participants are in a listen only mode. [Operator Instructions]  And now I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt Juneau, Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations for opening remarks. Please proceed.
Matt Juneau: Thank you, Lisa. Thank you, and welcome to Albemarle’s First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you’ll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com.  Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President Bromine Specialties; and John Mitchell, President, Lithium and Advanced Materials. Note that Silvio Ghyoot, President of Refining Solutions, is not with us today due to an important business meeting.  As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call.  Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude non-operating, non-recurring and other unusual items. GAAP financial measures and reconciliations from those to the adjusted numbers discussed today may be found in our press release and the Appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Luke.
Luke Kissam: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everybody. In the first quarter of 2017, Albemarle continued to build on the strong momentum we established last year. Excluding divested businesses and negative currency exchange impacts, revenue grew by almost $95 million or 15% and adjusted EBITDA grew by $27 million or 14% compared to the first quarter of 2016. Growth was driven by adjusted EBITDA increases of 56% in lithium and 11% in bromine.  The combined adjusted EBITDA margins for our three global business units reached 35%, up from 2016’s average of 33%. And total company adjusted EBITDA margins remains strong at 29%. As we’ve discussed in our recent Investor Day, demand for lithium continues to grow rapidly and our business team continues to focus on increasing production to meet both the current and future demand of our customers. Our bromine business is benefiting from improvement employment in demand across various electronic applications and reduced bromine production in China.  At the corporate level, we completed our deleveraging plan following the Chemetall divestiture during the first quarter. As of the end of March, Albemarle net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 0.6. We’re also very pleased with the progress on our $250 million accelerated share repurchase plan and remained on track to complete the buyback by the end of June.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Tozier: Thanks Luke, and good morning.  In the first quarter, we reported adjusted net income of $1.05 per diluted share, an increase of 13% compared to the first quarter of 2016, excluding the year-over-year net impact of divested businesses. The increase was driven by an adjusted EBITDA increase of $35 million or about $0.24 per share from our three GBUs.  Business results were countered by about $0.12 per share of negative impact from the combination of corporate costs, foreign exchange, tax, D&A and interest expense. As Luke noted, our $250 million accelerated share buyback program is well underway. At this point, we have estimate the buyback will result in an average diluted share count for the full year of 2017 of about 112.1 million shares. We continue to expect our 2017 effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items to be approximately 22%.  Capital spending in the first quarter was $54 million with significant commitments executed for major equipment and services for our wave one lithium projects. As construction activities progress and equipment deliveries are made over the course of 2017, the spending rate will increase. We still expect total 2017 spending of $350 million to $400 million.  Corporate costs in the first quarter were $32 million driven by compensation costs and negative currency exchange impacts. We do not expect the first quarter spending rate continue, but given first quarter costs and our updated view on the rest of the year, 2017 corporate costs are now expected to range from $95 million to $105 million. Operating working capital ended the first quarter at 27% of revenue in line with our 2017 guidance, and we expect to remain at a similar level through the rest of the year.  Adjusted free cash flow in the first quarter was strong at $76 million. For the full year, we continue to expect adjusted free cash flow of $200 million to $300 million with the expected ramp-up in capital spending impacting the rest of 2017. And finally, currency exchange rates compared to 2016 negatively impacted adjusted EBITDA by $5 million in the first quarter.  We currently forecast a negative full year adjusted EBITDA impact of $10 million to $15 million compared to 2016. The primary impact both in the quarter and in the full year forecast is from the euro. Our 2016 average rate was just over €1.1 per the U.S. dollar, and we currently forecast €1.06 for 2017.  Now let me turn to our business units. Lithium and Advanced Materials had another strong quarter led by the Lithium business. First quarter net sales of $284 million increased by 32% compared to first quarter of 2016. While adjusted EBITDA of $120 million was 39% higher than first quarter of 2016, adjusted EBITDA margins were strong at 42%.  Lithium had another outstanding quarter, with first quarter net sales of 58% and adjusted EBITDA of 56% compared to the first quarter of 2016. Adjusted EBITDA margins were 46%, above our long-term expectations of the low-40s for this business.  Volume growth for the first quarter was 39% with pricing up 21%. Battery-grade products drove essentially all of the volume growth and most of the pricing improvement. Most of the volume growth came from our recently acquired spodumene conversion assets, but we also continue to utilize total conversion as well. Also La Negra II in Chile began initial commercial production with a strong ramp expected as 2017 progresses.  We are pleased with the initial performance of our new spodumene conversion assets in China. Production rates in the first quarter were outstanding and operations at both sides are undergoing rapid integration with the rest of Albemarle. We are already utilizing Albemarle systems to manage and report production activities, and most back-office functions are running through our regional shared services center.  The capital project to expand production by 28,000 to 25,000 metric tons of lithium hydroxide at the [indiscernible] site is already underway.  Compared to the first quarter of 2016, PCS sales were down $11 million and adjusted EBITDA was down $2 million. Weakness in our [indiscernible] and catalysts and organic metallics businesses and impact from the SunEdison bankruptcy was partially offset by initial results from our cost savings program and stronger year-over-year performance in curatives.  Bromine Specialties’ first quarter sales of $219 million and adjusted EBITDA of $68 million were up by 12% and 11%, respectively, compared to the first quarter of 2016. Increased demand for flame retardants across various electronic applications was a major driver of sales growth, but we also benefited from sales improvement in elemental bromine and specialty bromine derivatives. High operating rates and continued productivity improvements in manufacturing also contributed to the year-over-year improvement.  First quarter adjusted EBITDA margins of 31% were over 300 basis points above the 2016 average of 28%. While it is still early, we are encouraged by the favorable trends we saw in bromine in 2016 and have continued in the first few months of 2017.  Refining Solutions reported first quarter net sales of $185 million and adjusted EBITDA of $50 million. Compared to the first quarter of 2016, sales were up 9% and adjusted EBITDA was down 10%.  Fluid catalytic cracking, or FCC Catalysts, and clean fused technologies, or HPC Catalysts, contributed by an equally to sales growth. FCC sales increases were driven by strong demand in North America while solid demand globally, especially in the heavier feed resid segment drove HPC revenues. Adjusted EBITDA was down as expected driven by the impact of customer turnarounds and competitive trials at FCC, less favorable product mix in CFT and higher input costs. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Luke to update our 2017 outlook.
Luke Kissam: Thanks, Scott. Our strong first quarter results have positioned Albemarle for another outstanding year in 2017. Lithium and bromine both outperformed our initial expectations in the quarter, with Refining Solutions and PCS performing about as expected. Lithium is forecasted to drop second quarter results with year-over-year growth similar to the first quarter. Bromine faces comp comparison both sequentially and against the second quarter of 2016, but favorable market trends appeared to be continuing. In Refining Solutions, negative mix comparisons in CFT and FCC and some cost increases are expected to impact adjusted EBITDA compared to last year. Finally, PCS is likely to continue relatively flat year-over-year performance as competitive pressures continue to impact the base organic metallic’s segment. At a company level, our overall expectations have strengthened since the beginning of the year.  More favorable outlooks for lithium and bromine are forecasted to overcome expected weaker performance in refining. We now expect 2017 net sales of between $2.9 to $3.05 billion and adjusted EBITDA of between $835 million and $875 million. Adjusted EPS should range from $4.20 to $4.40, up from our initial guidance of $4 to $4.25.  As we noted in our recent Investor Day, we’re very excited about the growth potential of Albemarle’s businesses. First quarter results demonstrate our continued pivot to a higher growth profile, and we expect that to continue going forward. Our business teams are focused on meeting the growth challenge by driving results for the second quarter and the rest of 2017 and by executing on our capital projects and business strategies to drive long-term opportunities for our business.
Matt Juneau: Operator, we’re ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before you do so. I would remind everyone to please limit your question to two per person and at one time, so that everyone has a chance to ask questions. Please feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, we will now conduct the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan: Just wanted to confirm what kind of pricing volume expectations are embedded in your updated guidance. You said 21% price growth in lithium for Q1. Do you see that continuing? Thanks.
John Mitchell : This is John Mitchell. As from a pricing perspective, we’re focused on long-term agreements with our customers. We now have over 80% of our volume under agreement in the 2017 year. And you’ve seen that we’ve been able to secure 21% increase in pricing in Q1. We expect that to continue, and that pricing to hold for the remainder of the year. From a volume perspective, we’ve always messaged that we expect to bring on about 10,000 metric tons or more per year of additional incremental volume. So we’re on track to do or better in 2017.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. And then as a follow-up, could you just give us an update on projects in the industry? I understand you guys are bringing on 10,000, but what about the other projects that you’re seeing in the industry? Do you see those coming to fruition and what’s the cadence of that through the year?
John Mitchell: So with regard to additional capacity filling the demand need in 2017, we see principally the mines in Western Australia providing some of that capacity in conjunction with some Chinese extra capacity that’s out there in the market. And then also Albemarle is playing a big role in meeting the demand need as well as a result of the two Chinese asset that we have that we’re ramping up in Xinyu and Chengdu and then also our ramp-up in La Negra, our La Negra II plant.
Luke Kissam: The only thing I’d add is was that it is consistent with the expectations and the discussions we had in Investor Day playing out pretty much as we expected it would.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Yefremov of Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Alex Yefremov: Could you give us your latest view of the lithium demand in China, specifically in the EV market, we had a pretty slow start of the year in January and February, but a bounce back in March. What are your customers telling you? Do they see reacceleration going forward or clearly slow environment?
John Mitchell: Yes, this is John. We see it was just really a short-lived, no real concern by our cathode and battery customers. If you look at the number of units sold and the breakdown of EVs and plug-in hybrid sales in 2016, in China was about 45% of the market. In Q1, they’re about 30% of the market, and that’s really just off of a strong March. So we see a good rebound in China. They’re going to be a significant player in terms of the overall EV and plug-in hybrid growth going forward, and no concern from the customer base.
Alex Yefremov: And then if I look at your new financial guidance, 35%-plus for lithium segment, for a free EBIDTA growth, I think those guidance suggest that 100 million in the first quarter could be the high water mark for this year? Is that correct? And if it is, why is that?
Scott Tozier: Yes, Scott. One of the key things that drove our first quarter was great performance out of our factories. So we’re a little bit hedging on that, make sure that if that continues, we have a bit of an upside that’s based into that range. So we continue to think that we’ll have 100 to 100 plus in the following quarters, so.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Koort of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Koort: John, I had a question for you on the Jiangli assets under Albemarle fold. Can you talk a little bit about operating rates and how much more you could ramp those before your expansion? And then do you expect most of that production to stay within China or would that also be an export engine for you?
John Mitchell: Hi Bob, so the nameplate capacity of the two combined plants, the Chengdu is 5,000 metric tons, and Xinyu 10,000. So we have room to continue to ramp up in 2017. And then we’ve already begun the expansion of another 20,000 to 25,000 metric ton expansion in Xinyu bringing total capacity there to 30,000 to 35,000 metric tons by probably early 2018. And in terms of where we’re placing products, it’s a combination. I mean, that product is qualified with our key battery customers. And so we’re able to export it to even customers with the most stringent quality metrics. So we worked hard through the integration period and the negotiation period to ensure that those plants were qualified.
Robert Koort: So John, just to follow up on that. If you could provide lithium hydroxide or lithium carbonate from any of your locations to your customers, or is it there are some customers where you come from Chile or elsewhere, how does that specification flexibility for your work?
John Mitchell: So it is true that certain customers has specifications that may lend itself to only being supplied from certain assets. However, we are trying to make sure that we have as much flexibility in our Albemarle supply chain as possible so that we can supply customers for multiple facilities. So in the specific case of lithium hydroxide, we have a single battery customer that we can supply from Kings Mountain from Xinyu and from Chengdu, but we have to make sure that each of those plants are qualified to the specific customer specification. But we’re taking those decisions, what makes sense, what’s economical, what’s efficient for us and making sure that we have as much flexible in our system. But it is true each individual plant, no matter, whether it’s Albemarle or through someone else, have to get qualified to a specific customer specification.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: If we look at your lithium results on a sequential basis, your sales increased $8 million and yet the EBITDA increased 11 million in playing contribution margin of more than 100%. Just wondering if you could walk us through some of the moving parts and elaborate on how you’re able to accomplish that.
John Mitchell: So one of the key things is acquisition of our Chinese assets. As you recall, last year, they were part of our pulling portfolio, so there’s a bit of an arbitrage in terms of taking them into the Albemarle portfolio. And then also, we’re getting better performance out of those assets than the old owners we’re getting out of it, and it’s a great team that we have there in China. So we’re getting better performance and we’re also getting the effect of arbitrage around the tolling fee. And then, obviously, we have better pricing this quarter versus last quarter.
Kevin McCarthy: That’s helpful. And as a follow-up, you’d commented you planned to increase production by 10,000 tons or more this year. I was wondering if you could comment on the composition of the positive increment there. For example, how much are ramping that La Negra II and other sources of new supply this year?
John Mitchell: So I believe on previous calls, we hinted that La Negra will be ramping up kind of the 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, so this year bringing 6,000, 7,000 metric tons of carbonate coming on from La Negra and then the balance coming from the Chinese assets in Xinyu and Chengdu. So that’s, we’re pretty much on track, and I see some extra volume coming out of the Chinese asset going forward, though.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Neil [ph] calling in for Vincent. It looks at your guidance for lithium for the balance of the year is down a bit versus growth experienced in Q1, so I was wondering if you can just touch a bit.
Luke Kissam: Can you repeat that? We can’t hear anything you’re saying. It’s really -- I don’t know if you’re playing with a microphone or something, but can you repeat that, please?
Unidentified Analyst: Sure. Can you hear me now?
Luke Kissam: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: I was just saying it looks that your guidance for lithium the balance of the year is down versus the growth you experienced in Q1. So I was wondering if you could just touch on that a bit.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think that’s similar question and it was asked earlier. If you really look what we said, we had a really strong performance out of our Chinese assets in the first quarter. And one quarter does not a year make. So we have to make sure that we can operate that, that on a consistent level during the course of the year. If we do that, we can be able to achieve better than we did, both for the first quarter. If we don’t, we’re going to have a little downside. So what we try to do is range with a regional expectation will be for operating those assets, and that’s how we get to the forecast that we’ve got. But we will have a very strong growth year-over-year in lithium. But on the top line, volume and on the bottom line.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. And another question on bromine. Given the strong quarter, have your longer-term expectations for bromine flattish to low single digit type growth in your business that you gave in your Analyst Day. Has that changed at all?
Raphael Crawford: This is Raphael. I think we are pleased with our Q1 results. We do think it we’ll perform better than what we originally expected for the full year. But on the long-term basis, bromine is still a little growth business from a volume and an EBITDA standpoint. But we’re certainly doing all the things we can to keep our margin profile high. And if there are additional volume opportunities in some of our markets, we’ll be looking to capture those opportunities.
Unidentified Company Representative: Raphael. I might add, too. We’re in a favorable electronics market right now as well, I think favorable tailwinds from that. As you know, there’s a quite cyclical industry that we just got to be cautious that we take this trend in being long-term. Eventually, that’s going to turn and cycle back down. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Roberts of UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: China apparently is considering mandating electric vehicles as a percent of each manufacturer sales in a couple of years. Do you have any insights into what percent that they’re thinking about targeting and how quickly they might implement something like that?
John Mitchell: Yes, we don’t have any insight on what the Chinese government would do there other than what we would read in the press. So we don’t know. But anything that they do in such stat is going to be a continuation of what we’ve seen around the world from a regulatory standpoint and encourage you to electronic vehicles and we see it is something that could possibly impact our Lithium business in the growth process.
Operator: Thanks for your question. Our next question is from the line of Jim Sheehan of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Jim Sheehan: One of your competitors announced that they’re looking into a major capacity expansion in Argentina, about 20,000 tons in the next two or three years. If they move ahead with that project, does that change your view on the supply demand balance over that time frame? And how do you see supply demand being impacted by that much capacity?
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think we’re going to add -- we’ve announced that we’re going to add between now and 2021 roughly another 100,000 metric tons of capacity in lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. And we’ve got that we’re back integrated into resource that give us guarantees if we’ve got the feedstock with that. So we’ve always said we’re going to capture 50% of the growth and we look to the other majors to step-up and filled out our GAAP. So I think this is consistent. I think, John, you’d still see, I mean, supply demand stands relatively consistent throughout this period, is that right?
John Mitchell: Yes, Luke. Just second to Luke’s said, we track all the projects around the world. We make sure that they’re considered in terms of the supply demand balance. So I think the project that you’re referring to it is included in some other, we don’t see any change in terms of our outlook, in terms of supply demand balance.
Jim Sheehan: Great. And in bromine, you mentioned you’ve got high operating rates. So I was just wondering if you could just quantify what your utilization is on the bromine assets currently? And are you seeing -- when do you expect to see any pickup in the clear brine fluids demand?
Raphael Crawford: Sure. Without commenting directly into our operating rates are, I want to go back to what we’ve said at Investor Day, which is one of the core strategies within our bromine business is to focus on productivity improvements. So what we’ve been able to do in -- through the course of last year and then the first quarter, we’re seeing the benefit of that is really to be able to get more out of the existing asset base we have, and that’s had a very positive effect on our ability to capture demand that would exist. And we’ll continue to do that and we will continue to be able to get more of our asset base at the same or lower cost than what we’ve had.  So that’s really a favorable piece for what we’ve been able to accomplish. But, Jim, what was your second piece of your question?
Jim Sheehan: Clear brine.
Raphael Crawford: Yes, I’m sorry. On clear brine, we still see good demand in the Middle East. We saw that through last year. We see that in the first quarter. But if you remember, Albemarle was strategically advantaged with having a plant, both in North America as well as in Jordan. So we’re able to capture opportunities in clear brines as they come up. We see the Middle East is still fairly good. Gulf of Mexico, we should see that coming back at the end of 2017 or, let’s say, the second half into 2018. And the rest of the world is soft, at least from our perspective.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of P.J. Juvekar of Citi. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar: Question on lithium. I know you have long-term contracts with your customers. So what percentage of your contract would you say having repriced in the last 12 months?
Luke Kissam: I mean, it’s a significant portion of the last 12 months. If not all, it’s pretty damn close. So we’ve had good pricing over the last one, [indiscernible] contract by contract, PJ. But we’re getting price increases across the board on battery-grade products. Probably not as much, John, I would say on the technical grade products. Maybe comment some more on that, but I think on battery grade, it’s safe to say, the entire industry has seen pricing increases.
John Mitchell: Yes, P.J. Just to reiterate what Luke just said, I would say mostly on of our battery grade customers have seen some pricing movement. As you get into other markets, as we’ve said before, we typically price the value. And you look at a lot of other external factors, like energy prices and things like that, to make sure that the value of our products makes sense for the consumer. And again, in terms of our long-term view with customers, we’re going to treat our customers a very fair way where we can work together to supply the needs of the industry, the energy storage market, and we’re going to grow together. And so that’s really a key part of our overall strategic approach and partnership approach with the leading battery producers in the world.
P.J. Juvekar: Great. And then there are [indiscernible] junior miners trying to advance project, in Australia as well as in the Americas, would you look at M&A versus doing your greenfield project in Argentina?
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think, PJ., what we said at the Investor Day still holds. We’re going to look to deploy the cash that we have in a way that creates the greater shareholder value. We’re obviously looking for M&A opportunities that would de-risk or expedite our strategy that could certainly become what resources where we believe they’re viable resources that put us on the cost position that would allow us to be competitive and maintain a market leadership globally that are priced at a point, that we can get a better return on that and we can own other investments that we see. So it all comes down to what’s the viability of the resource and what kind of return can we get on their asset. But John talked in Investor Day about the resource team, we’re out scouring the globe for resources, that includes new resources, that includes companies that are in start-up phase that are looking to attract dollars. So we’re very active. But just because something is for sale and somebody’s talking about it, doesn’t mean it’s a quality asset, it doesn’t mean that you can meet the value expectations of that particular owner.
John Mitchell: PJ, this is John. Just one other quick comment, and again, we mentioned this during Investor Day, but I think it’s important in terms of our approach. We are only building out capacity on the back of long-term agreements, which is different than maybe others in the market. So it’s really going to come down to our partnership arrangements with our customers, what their demand is, and then that’s going to need to us building out capacity, whether it’s through Greenfield, Brownfield or M&A.
Operator: Thanks for your question. Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Luke, on refining, I believe your guidance implies a better back half in the first half of the year. Can you discuss the drivers of improved performance and is that sustainable into 2018 as well?
Luke Kissam: I didn’t hear the last piece of it.
David Begleiter: Is that improved second half performance sustainable into 2018 as well?
Luke Kissam: Yes, okay. I’m sorry. I think as I look overall at refining, it’s doing about what we would thought. I think both from a margin standpoint as well as from the EBITDA standpoint, you’re going to see a stronger end of the year. And it just a told you see the mix. I think FCC will be strong in 2018 than in 2017 from what I see today. And then when I look at HPC, it just depends what that mix is going to be. How much of it’s going to be resid, are we going to get a good mix for some of our high profit or not. So I would say on FCC, for what I would see, it would be stronger, a strong and continued that in ‘18. But for HPC, it’s still too early for me to call right now, David.
David Begleiter: Very good. And Luke, you mentioned in bromine reduced production in China. Can you discuss that, quantify that and how that might impact pricing and margins as is going forward?
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think we’re getting a little -- I’ll just start off of that Raphael get into details. Part of what we’re seeing a now is [indiscernible] and some tailwinds from what’s going on in China right now. That was reflected in our earlier calls -- our earlier comments, I’m sorry. So I believe we are seeing tailwinds there, but Raphael, I think, could go into more detail.
Raphael Crawford: Yes, David, I’m going to agree with what Luke is saying. There’s a tailwind on the tightness of bromine availability in China. And that has the effect on local Chinese pricing, which is continues to be favorable. We’re still -- compared to last year, the average, we’re up 50% better on local bromine pricing in China. So that’s helpful for our development of bromine business into China, so that’s still relatively small. So the real tailwind that we’ve seen recently on the limited exports of flame retardants out of China which could take a little bit of the pressure of some of our other markets, so that’s been favorable to us on a volume standpoint as well as holding pricing constant. But all this, we watched this closely, we have folks on the ground in China, we held all major reports, we always launching this. And we’re always cautious coming out of the winter months where production is low. And as we look at the summer, we didn’t need to get to the summer, see how production might ramp back up in China. If it does, what the impact would be before we can settle in on the real factor.
Operator: Thanks for your question. Our next mentioned is from the line of Mike Sison of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison: One quick question on lithium. When you think about the battery grade [indiscernible] for you guys, you said to the sold out for the year? And is the industry essentially sold out for the year?
Luke Kissam: I can’t really comment on the overall industry, but I can comment on the fact that every metric ton that we bring on the market is sold. So it’s sold be our long-term agreement. Some of those agreements have options if we able to produce more volume, we can place it directly with those customers. So as much as we can make in the battery grade will be placed into the market to our long-term customers.
Mike Sison: And as a quick follow-up in terms of battery grade, is all the incremental demand coming from EVs or are you seeing some growth in consumer products as well as other areas as well?
John Mitchell: Yes. So as we outlined in Investor Day, we continue to see growth in consumer products area. These are cellphone, power tools, that’s sort of thing, and 7% to 8% per year. And the big growth is actually coming from the transportation space, automobiles, buses, that sort of thing. Small contribution from food storage, really, very, very small that’s more of story that’s 5 to 10 years out type of thing.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Harrison of Seaport Global. Please go ahead. 
Mike Harrison: John, I was hoping that you could comment a little bit on whether you’ve seen the impact of the higher cost out of Chile related to the royalty payments. And also, can you talk about the contribution of potash in the quarter?
John Mitchell: So Mike, the royalty payments, community payments, are all fully baked into Q1 results. So that went into effect January 1. So it’s all part of the mixed now. With regard to potash, as you know, potash is a pretty small part of our business in terms of the way it contributes 5-ish, around 5%. As we actually extract more brine out of the viatorcoma [ph], we’ll have the ability to expand on a potash basis. But right now, we’re essentially maxed out in terms of our potash plant and we’ll evaluate as we extract more brine what the opportunities look like for potash going forward.
Mike Harrison: All right. And then I was also hoping you could comment on what you’re seeing in terms of lithium carbonate versus lithium hydroxide pricing in your outlook. I assume that the 20%-ish growth number for the rest of the year is kind of a blended average from everything. Is one of them significantly stronger and increasing? Can you just give us some color on that?
John Mitchell: With regard to pricing, I would say no. I mean, one it is necessarily stronger or weaker on an incremental basis. As you know -- may know that the price for hydroxide trends higher than carbonate. But on a year-on-year basis, one is performing better than the other at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn of Longbow Research. Please go ahead. 
Dmitry Silversteyn: A couple of questions, if I may, revisiting the refining catalyst business. First of all, in the first quarter results, you talked about trails and a couple of other things, the debt to EBITDA, but I would have thought that would’ve also impacted revenue. So was it most fixed that margin supply?
Luke Kissam: Yes, it was mainly, Dmitry, price and mix, call it a disconnect. And remember at our Investor Day, we talked about moving in and trying to get more into the resid market, [indiscernible] resid market and how they trading capital. We had good volume in hydro treating catalyst, but more of it was in that resid where we make our margins are less, and if we sell into this business market, so that was a piece of it. And we also had with our joint venture, sold more resid out of that, too, in Japan. So that was really a mix issue.
Dmitry Silversteyn : Okay. So the turnarounds that you mentioned, that impacted your profitability, should we sort of keep that in mind for a year from now when they may not happened in the first quarter as an adjustment to our expectations or is it just the ramp sort of forecast beyond the current quarter?
Matt Juneau : Dmitry, this is Matt. Since Silvio is not here, let me take this one. If you look at what we’ve said about FCC from the beginning of the year, we knew that some of our major customers were going to be undergoing turnarounds and doing competitive trials in FCC, and that’s why our Refining Solutions guidance have been back ended a little bit second half versus first half. It’s kind of like Luke said earlier in response to ‘18, it’s probably a little too early to get into detail in ‘18. But right now, our review of ‘18 in FCC is favorable.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Fair enough. And then as my follow-up question, just fantastic really quick one, and I understand as a small business than the PCF portion of the company, but I mean, we haven’t had other than business and probably two to three years. If I could change or whether it’s something you shouldn’t do more something with that but that market needs to change for both the polyolefin piece and the organometallic piece to actually become something that we can talk about positively?
Luke Kissam : Go ahead, John.
John Mitchell: So first off, I do think that this business has growth potential. It suffers from some over capacity in the organometallic, so we’re seeing volume growth. We’re just seeing price decline over the last number of years. Hopefully, we hit the bottoms. But its growth -- the overall business will continue to grow based on the growth of plastics and the new and more high-performance types of plastics and resins that are going into packaging. So it does have -- as we outlined at Investor Day, we do believe that it does have a nice growth profile. We’ve suffered also from a significant customer bankruptcy. And so we’re kind of in a turnaround year, where hopefully will bottom out. And then the business will be back on a nice trajectory going forward.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Okay. So 2018 when we should see at least the polyethylene turnaround than it sounds like maybe a couple of more years for organometallic’s?
Matt Juneau: That’s right.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Wang of Morningstar. Please go ahead.
David Wang: First is on the guidance, I think as I look at the EBITDA guidance was raised by about $35 million, but the net cash from operations and adjusted free cash flow remain the same. Is there some additional cash usage that and of course something like working capital, or is it more so that’s a lower net cash from operations and free cash flow lines have a wider range, so this adjustment doesn’t really move a needle?
John Mitchell: Yes, David. As you look at the guidance, so EBITDA is up, you’re correct, $35 million, but that comes on the back of increased revenue, and as a result of that, increased working capitals. And since most of the guidance increases in the second half of the year, not in the second quarter, but in the second half. The working capital really stays out there on our balance sheet that you are in. So as a result, that are cash flow -- we’re expecting cash flow to be about the same, maybe a little bit better, but about the same, so in that range of $200 million to $300 million. There really are no other spending changes, if you will, captured in that guidance. CapEx is about where we thought it was going to be. Other items are where we thought they’re going to be.
David Wang: All right, great. And then it looks like as we have discussed Chinese EV sales maybe a little week in January and February, but bounced back in March. But they are stepping down there incentives this year versus the previous year. Are you concerned at all about that and what’s your outlook for Chinese EV sales for the remainder of ‘17?
John Mitchell: As we said a little bit earlier on the call in talking to our cathode and battery customers and just having spend a little bit of time in Asia. No concern in our end, that the actions by Chinese government or the incentives, well in a way affect our guidance for the remainder of 2017.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Rizzo: This is Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. The cyclicality that you mentioned in bromine before, is that lessening with your reduced exposure with electronics end market?
Raphael Crawford: This is Raphael, Dan. I don’t think that we reduced our exposure to the electronics. But what I would say is that there’s been a greater diversification of applications within the electronics that has given us more confidence going into the future. As Scott had mentioned, there’s still as cyclicality in electronics overall, but we’re no longer as dependent, for example, on PCs and TV sales and that we’ve diversified, but the market have diversified into wire and cable for automotives, so transportation, wire and cable and Circuit Boards has really increased and some of the end markets have changed. So we feel like it’s in a more stable position going forward.
Luke Kissam: So from my standpoint, I think Raphael mentioned really growth point there I think we have de-risk of that bromine business on the downside because of the broad applications that we have in that business and how this evolved over the last five or 10 years.
Dan Rizzo: With the diversification in the Internet of Things and just a broad use of different semiconductors, electronics [indiscernible] and everything, I mean, would that be a growth driver for bromine, or is it, am I just over thinking it?
Luke Kissam: I mean, look, I think I don’t think you’re over thinking it. I think that everywhere that you have a connector or anywhere you need more computing power where you have a fitted wiring board, that’s an opportunity for bromine for that application today. The question becomes over the next decade as they become smaller or they stay in the same size or what’s the new technology others. So I think where we feel very positive about that business. We continue to operate it as a key to our strategy. It continues to generate excellent cash flow. And we continue to harvest that cash and invest in the maintenance of our bromine business so that we can guarantee the prompt response that our customers need and to continue to grow as best we can. But do not expect bromine to grow high single and low double digits for the next five years. It will not do it. We’ve said it will grow around GDP, up some, down some. This year, it’s going to be enough. I don’t know what the future holds. But within what we can control, we’re going to make this the best bromine business in the world.
Operator: Our next mentioned is from the line of Chris Kapsch of Aegis Capital. Please go ahead.
Chris Kapsch: I had a follow-up on the Lithium business and perhaps the margin profile there. You mentioned that obviously strategically, you’re shifting a bunch of your tonnage to captive conversion from toll, but you did mention toll conversion still part of the mix. So I’m just wondering how far along are you in shifting overall toll volumes to captive conversion? And what sort of affected the toll volumes are still there have an margins? And then how do you see that playing out over time?
John Mitchell: So this is John. The shift from toll to captive happened as a result of the acquisition of the two Chinese facilities that we acquired. So they were tolling facilities for us originally than through the acquisition, now they’re producing volumes that are part of our portfolio, plus we’re expanding the volumes within those assets. Tolling will always be a part of our portfolio. And we continue -- we have a couple other tolling partners that we continue to do business with this year. The tolling volumes this year for those other tolling partners, not necessarily growing, but we continue to maintain those relationships going forward and expect to for a long time.
Chris Kapsch: And just the influence on the margins, I guess, apples-to-oranges now that you have those significant chunks of conversion capacity effectively captive via the acquisitions?
John Mitchell: Yes. So margins from a tolling facility as you can imagine will be lowered than the margins from facility that we own because the tone needs to make some kind of process in terms of operating that asset for us. So yes. So you end up improving your margin by shifting from tolling to captive assets.
Luke Kissam: So what you got to look back overall, when you look at the fact is what you’re capital cost, what’s your cost of depreciation that goes in there, how do you operate the assets versus how they were operated before, what do our ages any standards and the other process standards that we have, how does that impact that margin. We’ve obviously, as you would expect, believe that resid rely tolling that we make more money and we de-risk of those strategy by having. So you saw some improvement in our first quarter margin. And if you look at that, we said a good deal of it was driven by a recent of those Chinese assets that we own. So it’s a positive move and as we bring on more and more capacity and reduce our unit costs down, we will be able to continue to deliver the best-in-class type of margins that we did in the first quarter.
Scott Tozier: And again, I go back to our philosophy and strategy to secure long-term agreements with customers on a long-term basis, multi-year basis and bring on capacity to meet those contracts and so as we bring up on our own captive capacity, essentially sold out day one. So we need the relationships with the tolling partners to give us some flexibility as well.
Luke Kissam: But Chris -- hi Chris if I can make one other point. I know everybody’s what are margins going to be, you can’t just look at in one avenue and say you’re moving now to your own conversion assets, so your margins are to be bought or. You we’ve got additional cost that are -- that we’re going to be running through that will ramp up of the course of the year from the expiration standpoint. That didn’t hit as much in the first quarter as you’re going to see it in the next three quarters. And we have got to spend that money to understand the quality of the potential resources that we could bring on in the next decade. And that money that been in a ramp-up over the course of the rest of the year. So we -- as we look at our margins overall, this year, our margins in lithium could be a little bit higher than the target that we set. But I don’t see the first quarter repeating every quarter for the rest of the year from a margin perspective.
Chris Kapsch: Okay, that’s helpful. It makes sense. And then just one quick follow for Raphael, Raphael lot of air time today. Just real quick, though. Just on the strength your seeing in flame retardants, bromine flame retardants and specifically and understand the rising tide of an overall more healthy electronics and the market. But can you talk about specifically where you’re seeing strings for BFRs? Is it across the board, or is it more specifically PWBs versus enclosures versus connectors for automotive? Thanks
Raphael Crawford: Yes. Sure, Chris. It’s roughly in the printed wire board market as well as the connector space, that’s what we’re seeing the strength in flame retardants. It’s not so much in enclosure. It is good news that when we look at the statistics, certainly, we’ve seen the bottoming out or leveling out on the enclosures market, but it’s not what was the meaningful contribution to our improved performance. And now, we think it will drive the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tyler Frank of Robert Baird. Please go ahead. 
Tyler Frank: Just on the growing market, are you seeing strength in the other markets besides electronics that are notable? And then how low do you expect the lower volumes out of China to last? Is it a 1 to 2 quarter thing or [indiscernible] longer term? Thank you. 
Scott Tozier: So the other markets -- I mean, the largest market for Albemarle is our flame retardants market. The largest market for the industry is flame retardants for bromine. Next is completion fluids, and then we have a whole host of specialty applications, and those have been there small in volume, but in total, they performed pretty well. But overall, the strength of our business, because of the importance of flame retardants, the strength of our results in Q1 and when we look out for the year, it’s really going to be driven by flame retardants and then some recovery in clear brines later in the year. With regard to China, as I had said, I think that we -- we’re expecting prices an average to still be higher than what we’ve seen on the average of the previous 5 years. We think it’ll still remain strong on year, but we don’t know with the second half of the year will look like when summer production could come back up in China. And there are volume -- the production has been low, the demand has been fairly good. And therefore, that’s been -- what’s driven up prices. Expected to be good, but we’re not banking on it on the long term. That is why we continued to work all the things we do on productivity within our assets to make sure we stay competitive whether the market is up, whether the market is down.
Operator: Okay. So, our next question is from the line of Robert Koort of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ryan Berney: This is Ryan Berney. Just wanted to get one more in for John, if I can. John, I wanted to ask you about I know you got a couple of questions answer already, but I think there was some chatter that perhaps you’ve got some inventory that maybe was on a lower COG basis coming out of last year. So I guess, can you talk about the $60 million to $70 million in the royalties any other cost this year? And your guidance in the back half seems to be somewhat flat with the first half, really just kind of the read we’re getting from you, so I guess I think about production growth presumably we have La Negra II in the back half, we should be getting some significant health there. So I’m wondering if those $60 million to $70 million in the earnings headwinds there, that you called out are both more back calculated and maybe if you can give some granularity on how much you see and you saw in the first quarter?
Scott Tozier: Yes. So, Ryan, it’s Scott. So specifically about the lower cost inventory, one of the key things to remember with the Chilean concession and the royalty that we’re paying as well as the community payments, that’s tied to production that started in 2017. So we did not see a full run rate, if you will, of that royalty in the first quarter. So we saw something like, I don’t know, $7 million to $8 million in the first quarter. We’re still expecting to see a full year of around $50 million. So that certainly had some support for that margin in the first quarter. And maybe, John, you can talk a little bit about the production ramp up La Negra II, and how that layers in for the rest of the year?
John Mitchell: Yes. So we’ve started production in Q1, certainly going to continue to ramp from a volumetric perspective, increasing throughout the year. And as we’ve said, we’re going to probably bring 6,000 to 7,000 metric tons on this year and then another one third in 2018. So it’ll be a continuous ramp through 2017.
Matt Juneau: So, Lisa, this is Matt. I think we’re out of our time limit. Thank you. You could close the call for us.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day. Thank you.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp. Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp. Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp. John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp. Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp. Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.
Analysts: David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners, LLC James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Daniel DiCicco - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael J. Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Q4 2016 Albemarle Corporation earnings conference call. My name is Sandra, and I'm your event manager. [Operator Instruction] I'd like to advise all parties this call is being recorded for replay purposes. And now I'd like to hand over to Matt Juneau. Please go ahead.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you, and welcome to Albemarle's fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation, and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Bromine Specialties; Silvio Ghyoot, President, Refining Solutions; and John Mitchell, President, Lithium and Advanced Materials. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude non-operating, non-recurring, and other unusual items. GAAP financial measures and reconciliations from those to the adjusted numbers discussed today may be found in our press release and page 4 in the appendix of our earnings presentation, all of which are posted on our website. Note that our GAAP numbers in both the fourth quarter and the full year were significantly impacted by the sale of the Chemetall business. Now I'll turn the call over to Luke to summarize 2016 performance.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Matt. In 2016, Albemarle continued its journey to becoming a high-growth specialty chemicals company focused on driving increased global energy efficiency through our leading positions in lithium and refining catalysts. First of all, from an operations standpoint, 2016 was the safest year in company history. We had record low workdays missed due to injury, and our lowest-ever severity rating for lost-time injuries. In addition, environmental incidents at our plants were also at an all-time low. The focus on safe operations in spite of the amount of change that occurred in 2016 is a tribute to the quality and focus of our employees. Our three core business units performed well in 2016, with each exceeding initial expectations. Adjusted EBITDA from our three GBUs increased by $96 million or 13% compared to 2015. Lithium and Refining Solutions both delivered strong double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth, 34% and 21%, respectively. Bromine adjusted EBITDA increased by 2% despite the loss of a key contract that delivered more than $15 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2015. Importantly, this marks the third consecutive year of consistent, stable results in Bromine. Full-year combined adjusted EBITDA margin for our three GBUs was 33%, up 190 basis points from 2015. Not only did our businesses generate strong earnings; those earnings translated into strong free cash flow. Our adjusted free cash flow for 2016 was $672 million, an increase of $166 million from 2015. We also continued to focus our strategy by successfully divesting minerals and metal sulfides in early 2016 and the Chemetall Surface Treatment business in mid-December. Total net proceeds from these three transactions exceeded $3.4 billion, an aggregate multiple of 13.7 times trailing-12-month EBITDA. Our team structured these transactions to be highly tax-efficient, leading to significant cash generation for Albemarle. As a result of the strong cash generation from both operations and divestitures, we were able to reduce debt and significantly strengthen our balance sheet. Our gross debt to EBITDA after completion of the debt tender in February stands at about 2.2 times based on full-year 2016 adjusted EBITDA. Cash on hand as of mid-February was approximately $1.4 billion. We have regained balance sheet strength and flexibility, which positions us to more quickly take advantage of opportunities to accelerate our business strategies. We announced a dividend increase of 5% just recently in February. This marks our 23rd consecutive year of dividend increases. Our stock price increased by 54% in 2016, compared to increases of 9% and 10% for the Dow Jones Chemicals Index and the S&P 500, respectively, placing us in the top decile of performance against our industry peers. We also expect to buy back $250 million of stock in a program that will be launched in the next several days and conclude by the end of June. Finally, in 2016, we strengthened and extended our leadership position in lithium. First, we finalized two agreements in Chile, which position us to expand our lithium carbonate production capacity there from the roughly 24,000 metric tons produced in 2016 to over 80,000 tons by 2020. In January of 2016, we secured an environmental permit that allows us to pump brine at an annual rate of over 80,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent annually. Then in December we reached a definitive agreement with CORFO that expands our total Lithium quota to a level that allows production at that same annual rate through the end of 2043. Secondly, we acquired the spodumene conversion assets of Jiangxi Jiangli New Materials technology company in China and announced plans to expand these assets to a conversion capacity of 35,000 to 40,000 metric tons. These moves, along with a planned greenfield spodumene conversion plant, will increase our overall capacity of lithium salts to over 160,000 metric tons on an LCE basis by early in the next decade. Third, on the demand side, we have now secured about 80% of both our technical and battery-grade lithium salts business under three- to five-year long-term contracts. We remain confident in both the demand growth for lithium salts and our ability to meet that growing demand. I'll discuss 2017 at the end of our prepared remarks, but clearly our 2016 financial and operational performance, combined with our portfolio actions and steps to strengthen our Lithium franchise, leave Albemarle well-positioned for another strong year in 2017. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke. We ended 2016 with strong performance and great momentum for 2017. Let me give you some of the details. In the fourth quarter, we reported adjusted net income from continuing operations of $0.78 per diluted share, a decrease of 12% compared to fourth quarter 2015, excluding the year-over-year net impact of the divested minerals and metal sulfides businesses. The decrease was driven primarily by a negative tax impact of $0.17 per share, lower Fine Chemistry Services business performance equivalent to $0.13 per share, and increased D&A and interest charges of $0.11 per share. Note that our three global business units delivered $34 million of increased adjusted EBITDA in the quarter, roughly a $0.27 per share increase compared to fourth quarter 2015. For the full year 2016, we reported adjusted net income from continuing operations of $3.57 per diluted share. Excluding the impact of the divested businesses and a large one-time non-cash foreign exchange gain from 2015 results, earnings per diluted share increased by 20% compared to 2015, with the increase driven entirely by increased business unit performance and productivity from our synergy program. Corporate costs ended the year at just under $86 million, in line with our third quarter guidance. Our effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension, and OPEB items, ended 2016 at 20.8%, an increase from our prior guidance. The catch-up to adjust the full-year rate to 20.8% explains the increase in the fourth quarter tax rate. The increased tax rate was related to the sale of the Chemetall Surface Treatment business and currency volatility, which created taxable FX gains in certain countries. Capital expenditures for continuing operations ended 2016 at $177 million, in line with our third quarter guidance. Note that reported capital spending in our year-end financial statements is $197 million. The delta between the two numbers represents capital spent on the divested Chemetall business. Depreciation and amortization was $191 million in 2016, also in line with third quarter guidance. At year-end, operating working capital improved to 27% compared to 29% at the end of the third quarter. All three GBUs saw strong year-end collections against receivables and effectively managed inventory in the quarter. In addition, our net payables increased as capital spending began ramping up to support our Lithium growth. Luke has already noted that our adjusted free cash flow increased by $166 million in 2016. Even more impressive was the increase in net cash from operations from $361 million in 2015 to a record $733 million in 2016, driven by the performance of our businesses and a meaningful reduction in working capital. Now let me turn to business unit performance for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Lithium and Advanced Materials had another strong quarter, led by the Lithium business. Fourth quarter net sales of $278 million increased by 30% compared to fourth quarter 2015. Similarly, adjusted EBITDA of $102 million was 32% higher than fourth quarter 2015. Adjusted EBITDA margins were a strong 37%. For the full year, sales of $968 million and adjusted EBITDA of $363 million both increased by 16% compared to 2015. The Lithium portfolio continued to drive GB results in the fourth quarter, just as it did in the previous three. Fourth quarter net sales were up 50%, and adjusted EBITDA was up 56% compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. Adjusted EBITDA margins were 43%, marking eight consecutive quarters with margins above 40%. For all of 2016, Lithium sales increased by 31%, and adjusted EBITDA by 34%, with adjusted EBITDA margins of 43%. Volume growth for 2016 was an impressive 18%, with pricing improving by 14%. Essentially all the volume growth and most of the pricing improvement was driven by battery-grade products. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2016, PCS sales were down just under $5 million, and adjusted EBITDA was down $7 million. Full-year adjusted EBITDA ended 2016 down $22 million. Continued competitive challenges that impacted both our organometallics and catalyst businesses and an operational issue at one of our catalyst manufacturing sites led to weaker-than-expected results in the fourth quarter. Full-year results compared to 2016 were impacted by the fourth quarter issues, the SunEdison bankruptcy, and increased competition in our Curatives business as a competitor returned to full production after an extended outage in 2015. Bromine Specialties' fourth quarter sales of $195 million and adjusted EBITDA of $47 million were up by 13% and 11% respectively, compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. For the full year, sales of $792 million and adjusted EBITDA of $227 million were both up by 2% compared to 2015. Full-year adjusted EBITDA margins of 29% were the same as in 2015. We saw incremental improvement in our flame retardants business and better-than-expected demand in our clear brine fluids business in 2016. Strong cost management and productivity improvements were also important contributors to full-year performance. Refining Solutions reported fourth quarter net sales of $193 million and adjusted EBITDA of $57 million, resulting in adjusted EBITDA margins of 30%. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, sales were down 4% and adjusted EBITDA was up 9%. Full-year Refining Solutions sales of $732 million were essentially flat compared to 2015. Adjusted EBITDA was $239 million, an increase of 21% from 2015. Heavy Oil Upgrading or FCC catalysts performed as expected in 2016, with adjusted EBITDA essentially flat compared to the record year seen in 2015. Clean Fuels Technologies or HPC catalyst significantly exceeded our initial 2016 expectations and drove overall business unit adjusted EBITDA improvement throughout the year. The Clean Fuels business benefited from both improved volumes and product mix, as we saw more typical buying patterns at refiners after a difficult 2015. Now I'll turn to 2017. I'll frame the balance sheet items and foreign exchange, and then Luke will cover the business and overall company forecast. We currently expect our effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension, and OPEB items, to be approximately 22% in 2017. As always, the rate can be impacted by changes in tax regulations around the world and by the regional mix of both sales and production, which almost never plays out exactly as budgeted. You should expect capital spending to increase significantly in 2017 compared to 2016. We will ramp up spending from La Negra 3, our third lithium carbonate plant in Chile planned for early 2020 startup, and begin the 20,000 to 25,000 metric ton expansion of the Jiangxi Jiangli conversion assets in China. As a result, you can expect capital to increase to $350 million to $400 million in 2017, with Lithium growth capital driving most of the increase. Our maintenance and continuity capital spend continues to be well-controlled and is again expected to be within our guidance range of 4% to 6% of revenues for all businesses. Depreciation and amortization is expected to range from $175 million to $195 million in 2017. Corporate costs are expected to be between $85 million and $95 million. And note that the Lithium business will see additional costs in 2017 to position us for sustained growth over the next decade. The royalties for the expanded and extended quota in Chile, additional personnel costs, and expenses related to the evaluation and development of potential new lithium resources will result in $60 million to $70 million of new costs in 2017 in that GBU. Given the margin profile and growth expectations of our businesses, we expect to continue our history of strong cash flow generation from operations in 2017. However, working capital, which was a source of cash flow in 2016, is expected to use cash in 2017. Operating working capital should remain at about 27% of revenue, but business growth, production timing, and the impact of certain strategic projects should lead to an increase in absolute dollars of working capital in 2017. The major increase in capital expenditures to capture growth in Lithium will also impact free cash flow. Adjusted free cash flow is forecasted to be $200 million to $300 million in 2017. But reported free cash flow will be negatively impacted by a few one-time expenses. The largest of these are tax payments of approximately $275 million related to the divestiture of the Chemetall business. Finally, estimating the risk of foreign exchange movements is always challenging and seems even more so in the current global environment. Our 2017 guidance is based on an average U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate of $1.06 and an average Japanese yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate of ¥115. We estimate that every $0.01 move of the U.S. dollar against the euro and every ¥1 move against the U.S. dollar will impact adjusted EBITDA by $1.5 million to $2.5 million for the euro and $0.5 million to $1 million for the yen, respectively, on an annual basis. Now I'll turn the call back over to Luke to discuss overall expectations for 2017.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Scott. In 2016, Albemarle met or exceeded our financial, strategic, and operational targets. The 2016 performance has positioned Albemarle for another outstanding year in 2017. Based on the assumptions outlined by Scott, we expect 2017 net sales to be in the range of $2.8 billion to $2.95 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $800 million to $840 million, and adjusted earnings per share between $4 and $4.25. We currently forecast earnings to be somewhat strong in the second half of the year compared to the first, primarily due to expected timing of volumes in Refining Solutions. Even with the $60 million to $70 million of additional expenses in Lithium, our forecasted 2017 adjusted EBITDA range represents an increase of 6% to 11% versus 2016. The forecast results in adjusted EBITDA margins of 28% to 29%, an increase of about 20 basis points from 2016 at the midpoint of this range. Turning to each of our businesses. We expect another very strong year of earnings growth in Lithium, with adjusted EBITDA increase of greater than 20%. Adjusted EBITDA margins are again expected to average greater than 40%. Volumes are forecasted to grow by about 10,000 metric tons, driven by an expected increase of about 40% in battery-grade salts. We also continue to see favorable pricing trends with overall pricings in Lithium forecasted to increase by 10% to 15% relative to 2016. We expect to stabilize the PCS business at adjusted EBITDA levels similar to 2016. We have additional headwinds related to the SunEdison bankruptcy, but are countering those with actions to improve productivity of our asset and reduce our operating costs. While the overall market outlook is for 3% to 4% volume growth, the competitive environment in certain product areas remains challenging. Refining Solutions should deliver adjusted EBITDA growth of a few percent compared to 2016. Heavy Oil Upgrading demand continues to be strong, but the combination of turnarounds at our customers and competitive trials will have some negative volume impact, especially in the first half of 2017. We also expect the improved demand and mix in Clean Fuels Technologies that we saw in 2016 to continue into 2017. However, the magnitude of that improvement will be significantly less than we saw in 2016. As already noted, we currently forecast a stronger second half of the year in Refining Solutions, but as always, timing of change-out in Clean Fuels Technologies could impact those actual results. After a better-than-expected 2016, we expect Bromine to perform at similar levels in 2017. Modest demand growth in flame retardants and cost management should allow us to counter uncertain demand for clear brine fluids, cost pressures in certain raw materials, and weakness in products sold into the ag markets. In closing, we delivered on all of our key commitments in 2016 and continued the transformation of Albemarle into a highly focused, high-margin company with strong growth prospects. In 2017, we expect to deliver strong earnings growth, led by Lithium business, and to position the company for continued outsized growth in the years to come.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Operator, we are ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before you do so, I would remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time so that everyone has a chance to ask questions. Then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, your question and answer session will now begin. Okay, we have some questions for you. Apologies for pronunciation. First name is David Begleiter, and from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. You're live in the call.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Luke, on 2017, on lithium pricing, could you give a little bit more detail on just the battery grade pricing, how it ended in Q4, and what you're expecting for battery grade only in 2017?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I'm going to turn that over to John.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Hi, David. This is John. When we look at Q4 2016 versus 2015, the growth has come from about 50% volume, 50% price. As Luke mentioned earlier, going into 2017, we're looking across the portfolio, not just battery grade, of increase in pricing from about 10% to 15% in price. However, when you look at the volume, most of the volume growth, that 10,000 metric tons that Luke mentioned, is going to be skewed towards the battery grade side as well. So a lot of the pricing is coming on the battery grade side.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And, John, can you just comment on what you're seeing demand-wise early in 2017, especially in China for battery-grade lithium?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So we've historically said that the demand for battery grade is driven by automotive penetration rates for battery electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids. Our model shows that to get to a 2% penetration rate by 2021, the overall global demand is about 20,000 metric tons per year. We've seen the market tracking to that. We know that there have been some recent announcements in China about updating of policies; that was expected. We see continued strong demand out of China. And we don't see the demand profile changing much based on our expectations for 2017, and see about that 20,000 metric ton growth overall for global demand. We do see acceleration in terms of new models of cars, as well as areas like electric buses also driving growth.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question – apologies again for pronunciation – this one's from Alex Yefremov. He's from Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead. You're live in the call.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Could you provide us your expectations for the ramp of volumes at La Negra this year? At what point should we see some additional tonnage? And also what has been your operational experience so far with this expansion?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: So we're planning for approximately 10,000 metric tons of overall volume growth coming basically from the lithium salts. It'll come from a combination of the La Negra ramp-up, as well as hard rock to salt conversion in our new assets in China. We have two assets that came with that China acquisition. One is in Xinyu city and the other in Chengdu. The Xinyu city operation can be ramped up more than it operated in the past. So it'll be about a 60/40 or 70/30 split, more heavily weighted toward La Negra, and we're ramping up capacity to meet the needs of our customer agreement. So we want to make sure that we're living up to our commitments, and that's that customers that have signed long-term agreements with us have the products that they need to grow. So we'll be able to meet their demands.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: Great, thank you. And question on CapEx, a little bit longer term, would you expect your CapEx to continue to increase in 2018 from 2017 level as you kind of ramp your Lithium expansion activity?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, Alex. This is Scott. So we expect a slight increase going into 2018, and probably right now, in the five-year view, you'll peak in the 2019 perspective from timing, really driven by the new greenfield spodumene conversion plant that we're looking at and the timing of exactly when that spend is. And that's still in the design phase, so it's kind of hard to know. But that's what we're expecting right now.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. We have another question for you; again, apologies for pronunciation. This one is from Robert Koort, and he's from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. You're live in the call.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. John, I was hoping you might be able to answer a question about the challenges of bringing this capacity on. It seems like I remember Rockwood years ago talking about La Negra, too, and maybe there was a delay and some other issues. But can you talk about the actual physical process or unit operations to get it into production? I read one of the start-up competitors has been having problems. What is it that makes it so challenging? As an incumbent producer, should this give you an advantage, or is there something unique about each plant that makes its own challenges?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Bob, this is John. First off, you have to look at both the resource side and then the conversion side, and the plants do have to be designed in a way to be able to handle the incoming – whether it's a brine concentrate or ore concentrate. And the characteristics of that brine concentrate or ore concentrate can change. So there is some design consideration to be given to where the resource is coming from. Second, you have to design a plant to be able to meet a customer's specification. So we look at the cross-section of customers that will be supplied from a derivative plant, and we have to make sure that that plant can actually meet a tailored specification. And these are not commodity-based plants; these are performance product plants. And then these plants have to actually go through a fairly rigorous qualification process. And so it is challenging. It's challenging even for a company like Albemarle that has hundreds of scientists and hundreds of engineers to be able to meet an evolving product specification that has to withstand the test of 10 years of battery performance. And so getting it right, making sure that those products are consistent, not just from a chemical and purity perspective, but there are a lot of physical characteristics around crystal structure and particle size distribution. So it's a complex product, it's a complex molecule, and it's evolving. And it's evolving every year as battery companies are looking to improve the performance of the batteries.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, Bob. This is Luke. What I would say is that gives companies like Albemarle, like SQM, I think an advantage over the others that you may read about coming into the marketplace, because we have a long history with that, we've got experience with it, and we also have the relationships with the customers to understand what that spec is going to be, not just when we bring the plant online but over the next decade. So we design for that. We're going to be patient, and we're going to work to bring it online in the proper way for the sustainability long term of this Lithium business.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And for my follow-up, if I could, Jiangli, you mentioned there's some head space to increasing production. I'm curious, as you got into the assets and took a look around, is there a need for a boost in CapEx to improve maintenance? Or was their inability to meet full capacity, a raw material issue? Give us some assessment of what you've seen at Jiangli.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: So, Bob, this is John. First off, we had a longstanding relationship with those sites. So we had good insight in terms of the quality of the assets, the quality of the people. Certainly, Albemarle has a very high standard in terms of safety, in terms of process design. So we are investing in those assets. But that was always part of the business case in terms of that acquisition. We understood the fact that those assets did have headroom, and we're doing a couple things. We are in the process of ramping up. We're making sure that that product is qualified with our customers that are under long-term agreement, and we're improving the safety standards and the reliability of the facility. At the same time, as we've already previously announced, we're adding another train that will expand our Xinyu facility from 10,000 metric tons to 35,000 metric tons. So there's a lot of work going on there. That work actually started many months ago. So we're really excited about that operation. It's going to have great quality product, battery-grade product. Our customers are going to be excited about it. And everything's going really well. Thanks.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have another question for you. This one's from Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. You're live in the call.
Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks and good morning, everyone. Just wondering if you can give us a bit of an update on your volumetric mix in Lithium between battery grade and standard grade. And just sort of maybe some modeling guidance on how that's going to evolve through 2017.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. So this is John again. As I said earlier, the growth is mainly being driven by energy storage, particularly in the transportation space. And as we look at 2017, we're crossing the 40% threshold, where 40% of our LC demand is going to be going into the battery space.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Vincent, as you look – going forward the bulk, if not all – but I hate to say all because that's so definitive. But the bulk of all the growth is in the battery space, okay?
Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then just as follow-up, there's a lot of conversion about China in regards to production reform in a variety of different industries within and outside of chemicals. Are you hearing any conversations about their bromine assets and any changes from a policy perspective there?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I'm going to turn that over to Raphael Crawford.
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Vincent, this is Raphael. So, from a China perspective, we keep a close watch on the China market. There certainly are regulatory changes which have affected production among Chinese producers over the last 18 months. Most notably, there's been some regulations that came out that restricted production around the G20 summit. There's a new resource tax that's affected Chinese production. So there's been a series of regulatory pieces, but I think that in China the bigger driver of change within bromine availability in the local market is coming from the degradation of the bromine resources, which we think over the last 18 months has started to decline again after a period of stability for several years prior. So we believe that's probably a bigger impact, Vincent, going forward than the regulatory impact in China.
Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Very helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question – apologies again for pronunciation – P.J. Juvekar, and he's from Citigroup. Please go ahead. You're live in the call.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So lithium is a small part of the battery cost; I think it's less than 5%. If that's true, then why not take some more pricing on lithium if it's not going to impact the battery demand, or are you concerned about attracting more supply to the market?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So from a standpoint of what we're trying to do in Lithium – we've talked about this before. We're trying very hard to balance volume and price. We're doing that in a way – and I think your numbers are accurate on the cost of lithium carbonate in a battery. But we also understand that this is a long-term sustainable play. Our customers are being asked to reduce prices every day to drive down the costs of batteries, and we are also – we're at 40% margins with great growth, both from a volume standpoint and from a price standpoint. Our shareholders are getting an excellent return on that business. We're working with our customers, and we're at the infancy of an industry that we're really trying to be a leader in, and we believe that the approach that we are taking is the most sustainable and thoughtful approach, both for today and in the long term. We've clearly articulated that with our shareholders as well as our customers, and we plan to stick to that path.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you for that. And then let's talk about supply in lithium. There are two new mines coming online in Australia. You've talked about the challenges of bringing on new capacity, and then, on your Talison also, you talked about expanding that in the future. So just talk about supply a little bit.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I'm going to let John talk to you about that, P.J.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hi. P.J., it's John. As we look at 2017, there are a couple sources aside from Albemarle bringing on capacity. You have the continued ramp-up of the Argentinian brine source and Orocobre; that will continue to contribute some incremental tons into the market. You have two Australian hard rock mines that are really exporting ore concentrate of different quality and standards into the Chinese market for conversion into various tech grade and maybe low-grade battery salt products for the Chinese market. The combination of the Australian mines and the conversion capacity in China, the Argentinian source kind of ramping up, and Albemarle will certainly be able to cover the demand for 2017. And our view through 2020-2021 is that the market will continue to remain in balance. There are certainly projects in addition to the ones that Albemarle are bringing on that will come on. We have a good view of those, and we think that the market will remain in balance through the midterm. With regard to our Talison mine in Greenbushes, Australia, that mine is really extraordinary in terms of ore quality and scale. It is the best ore quality in the world. It is the largest resource in the world. And we have the ability to double the capacity of that mine. We're in dialogue with our joint venture partner, and we'll make the final decision on the timing of the mine expansion. But just to give you an idea of the scale of that operation, it has the potential to be able to provide 160,000 metric tons of LCEs into the marketplace -just one mine in a global market that today is about 190,000 metric tons. And it has the best ore quality in the world and the lowest cost structure. So we're really excited about Greenbushes, and you should be hearing some good stuff from us and our joint venture partner shortly about the expansion.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you for your detailed answer.
Operator: Thank you. We have another question for you. This one's from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead. You're live in the call.
Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Yes. Good morning. I think you had indicated new costs in the Lithium business in a range of $60 million to $70 million. Is that meant to represent your expected royalty payment, or are there other new costs embedded in there? And if so would you comment on what the likely split might be?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. We've said previously when we did the royalty that the royalty would be less than $50 million in 2017. That's still accurate. We have additional costs related to personnel, as well as expenses that'll hit our P&L as it relates to testing and development of new resources to bring on into the future. So it's the same split as what we've always said, Kevin.
Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Excellent. And then as a follow-up, you've been busy signing your Lithium customers up to three- to five-year contracts, now 80% I think for the combination of technical and battery grade. Would you comment on pricing, risk, and opportunity as it relates to those contracts? For example, if we were to see a downturn in pricing at some point over the life of these contracts, do your customers typically have MFN provisions that would allow them to ask Albemarle to meet or release a lower price? What is the price risk or lack thereof that you foresee over that period?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Hi. This is John. So each individual contract is negotiated separately. But in broad strokes, our agreements have a pricing provision that essentially provides us a floor for pricing. So, in the event someone were to knock on our customer's door and say, hey, we have a great bargain basement price for a lithium salt, the customers cannot come back to us with a meet comp where we would have to reduce our prices. There are, in some cases, fixed and variable portions of pricing, and it does give us some flexibility to adjust prices with market. But, as Luke said, we're taking a long-term view. We really value the partnerships with the customers. We feel that there's an opportunity to collaborate on the next-generation advanced materials and performance materials that are going to go into this space and working together to bring energy storage to the transportation segment and making the grid more efficient. But we do have good protection in terms of the downside and some good opportunities to move prices up if we feel the market warrants it and it's appropriate.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Kevin, we get a lot of questions about the specifics of the contracts, and I'd caution everyone on the call not to get too caught up on the specifics of what we may be able to do with one contract or another contract. What this does give us, though, is confidence in filling the assets for the capital that we are spending over the next three to five years. It gives us the confidence that we will have volume to be able to run through those facilities. We feel like we picked the right customers. We also feel as though the pricing is such that we'll be able to maintain that 40% margin, which has been a target that we've talked about, and at the same time will allow us to get a significant and continuing improving return on the capital that we're going to invest. So it's all a part of the capital plan to grow our overall market and meet that customer demand.
Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Thanks. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. We have another question for you. This one's from Jim Sheehan at SunTrust. Please go ahead. You're live in the call.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. You mentioned for uses of cash a possible share buyback, so just wondering if you could discuss maybe what your intentions are for reducing the share count in 2017 and any cadence of any share buyback activity?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Sure. Scott?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Jim. Right now, in our guidance, we've assumed a $250 million share buyback. And depending on what the stock price would be on that, obviously that would drive the share count. But in our guidance, we've assumed that we have a 2 million share reduction in our average shares in that EPS guidance. So you'll see an announcement here shortly, in the next day or so, around that share buyback, as we've done in the past, but we'll be using accelerated share repurchase in order to do that and should be completed by the end of the second quarter or so.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. And in Refining Solutions, you mentioned some headwinds in raw material costs. Could you give some more color on what exactly you're experiencing there and how long you expect that headwind to persist?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I'm going to ask Silvio Ghyoot to take that question.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you. Well, in general we're coming out of period where we have maybe had favorable tailwinds with the raw materials. So utilities, some of the basic raw materials, seem to be trending up these days, and obviously that makes a small difference so far versus last year. Also there have been some action by the Chinese authorities to get somewhat better organized with the output of the rivers (48:02) out of China, so that may cause an additional headwind. These are the major ones I was referring to.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have another question for you. Apologies again for pronunciation. This one's from Dmitry Silversteyn from Longbow Research. Please go ahead. You're live on the call.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the call. I'll make this really quick. A couple of things. First of all, on the strength in bromine in the fourth quarter, you talked about sort of a little bit flattish expectations for 2017, but obviously 2016 was a better year than perhaps we could have expected. Was the fourth quarter strong performance, was that just driven by the electronic markets, or was it better drilling fluids, perhaps not going down as much? Can you talk a little bit about the bromine market in the fourth quarter and also your kind of outlook for 2017?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Sure, Dmitry. This is Raphael. So in the fourth quarter the strength that we saw relative to what we had guided to for the fourth quarter was really driven by, as you had mentioned, some strength in the electronics market as it relates to flame retardants. I think what we've seen over the last year is really the diversification of the end of markets for flame retardant is now providing some stability to a market that was once more volatile because of the rise and fall of TVs and laptops. And now with more flame retardant usage in automotive and servers, we're starting to see a regain of strength within flame retardants, which give us confidence that we'll have a market that is flat to growing slightly going forward, and we saw some of that resurgence of strength within flame retardants in the fourth quarter. Also in the fourth quarter, we had additional sales of hydrogen bromide and some of our amines into China. So that was some additional strength versus what we had expected. And overall been working very hard over the past year, as we always have, in bromine on cost management. So that's really what contributed to the beat in the fourth quarter. Going forward, I think we continue that outlook on stable to slightly growing flame retardant market. We think that the completion fluids market – that's the drilling end market – that flattened – that sort of bottomed out. We should see stability generally flat in 2017. And overall we'll continue to work on our cost-out and efficiency programs within bromine, which leads us to believe that will continue to be a good cash generator year over year for the company.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. Thank you for that level of detail. And then as a follow-up, when you look at your input costs, the one metal that seems to have gone up about 25% here in the first quarter year over year is molybdenum. Is that a concern for you yet, or you'll be able to get those pricing through very quickly, or is it just sort of a normal volatility in the metals that you kind of got to ignore until it gets out of hand?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Well, the moly price has been locked in. You may remember this; last year we had a floor of moly, $10 throughout the industry. But what we do see is that the moly price is ramping up gradually as we go forward and it starts to meet (51:53) that level of $10 per pound.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: So I think, at the end of the day, we'll see an increase in moly, not all of which will be passed through in 2017. And that is included within the estimates that we provided, Dmitry.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, okay. So you're expecting a little bit of a headwind, but that's part of your guidance and hopefully it'll get the price momentum going for you guys?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: That's exactly right. Now, if it goes higher than what's in our forecast, we're going to have to adjust and deal with that, but the way you described it is accurate.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot. That's all I have.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, man.
Operator: Thank you. We have another question. And this one's from Mike Sison, KeyBanc. Please go ahead. You're live in the call.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. Nice end to the year there. Hey, when you think about the 160,000 metric tons of LCE capacity by 2020, in total, how much is it going to cost you to get there? And I guess the returns would be pretty impressive. Can you share any thoughts there?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I mean, what we've said is it's going to be around $1 billion for us to spend between now and 2021, that kind of range, to get to that LCE, both with respect to the conversion assets, as well as what we have to do in the Salar. And as we've always stated, we look to get 2x our cost of capital, and this will be significantly higher. So these will be great return projects – if the demand holds, and we have no reason to believe that that demand is not going to hold.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. And then just a quick follow-up. Clearly, when you think about the end market exposure by 2021, if you do the math, it looks like you'll be, whatever, 80%, 90% battery grade. What's the EV penetration that you think needs to occur to sort of support the demand out that far?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: This is John. So, in order to be able to support the 160,000 metric tons of supply that we're bringing on by 2020-2021 timeframe, we only have modeled 2% penetration of battery electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We have another question. Again, apologies for pronunciation. Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. You're live in the call.
Daniel DiCicco - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. This is Dan DiCicco on for Arun. Thank you for taking my question. Just looking beyond 2017, if we see that 20,000 metric tons of annual demand growth in lithium continue to play out, is that 10% to 15% pricing growth number you guys mentioned for 2017 a reasonable assumption going forward, or would we need to see accelerated demand growth to sustain those increases?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think it's too early for us to talk about what price is going to be in 2018. We focused on 2017 today. What I will say is if you look, as we fill up these assets, our per-unit cost will continue to drive down, drive to a lower per-unit cost. And as a result, we're very confident, based on the price and our cost improvement, that we'll be able to maintain those kind of 40%-plus margins for the foreseeable future in Lithium.
Daniel DiCicco - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great, thanks. And then just for a follow-up, you mentioned underlying volume growth in the PCS business for 2017. Just what's driving that?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Polyethylene and polypropylene demand.
Daniel DiCicco - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Is that the new capacity coming on? Or is that just -
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yes.
Daniel DiCicco - RBC Capital Markets LLC: – demand in general?
Daniel DiCicco - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great, thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, if you look at the demand coming on around the U.S. Gulf Coast or these ethylene crackers they're bringing on and what's happening in Asia and other areas of the world, the Middle East, we expect that you're going to see that type of demand growth, and that's really from third parties that are estimating that growth. And we see it consistent when we talk to our customers.
Daniel DiCicco - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have another question and this one's from Mike Harrison at Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead. You're live in the call.
Michael J. Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey.
Michael J. Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Luke, I was hoping you could give maybe a post-mortem on the new lithium agreement in Chile. Obviously, the overarching goal down there was to extend and expand your extraction rights there, which you were successful on. But can you talk about how that royalty structure and maybe some other components of the deal played out relative to your expectations?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I mean, we had a long discussion and an approval process that we had to go through, and the thing I'd say is that none of the material terms changed from January, February of 2016 till December of 2016, when it was just finally signed. So we had a long runway to get over the finish line. But the material terms were always consistent. They never changed. Dollars may have moved around a little bit, but the total dollars stayed the same in the commitment. So, look, it took a while to go through that process. We were the first ones to go through it, but couldn't be happier with the deal that we got down there, and the ability to ensure the long-term sustainability of the greatest lithium resource in the world for Albemarle.
Michael J. Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: And then just looking over at the Catalyst business, you noted the mix improvement that happened in the fourth quarter. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing there and also comment on what you're seeing in terms of the pricing environment on the FCC side of the business?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I'll turn that over to Silvio.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you. First question, the mix improvement is always hard to predict at the end, so which changes will occur in a specific quarter. So there is no structural or no seasonal trends in there, so it's just a fact that some orders may have larger volumes, less profitable products, and another quarter may have much smaller volumes and more profitable products. And the fourth quarter has been one where we have a reasonable size of hydrotreating business, though less favorable than we have had in other quarters, combined with still a strong HOU or FCC business, which gives that resultant average margin over the four quarters. With regards to the pricing on the FCC, you know this is an overhaul design. It will take a while before we get this fully implemented. 2017 will be a year where we will be – keep on working on the implementation of this price increase. However, we think that we will see some of the trial effects through our pricing that ultimately the 2017 pricing will show more the effect of the blending of businesses rather than the effect of the pure price increase.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp. Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp. Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp. John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp. Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp. Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.
Analysts: Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management) Christopher J. Kapsch - Aegis Capital Corp. Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company
Operator: A very good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2016 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mark, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Juneau, Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you, Mark. Thank you, and welcome to Albemarle's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday. And you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Bromine Specialties; Silvio Ghyoot, President, Refining Solutions; and John Mitchell, President, Lithium & Advanced Materials. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all non-operating, non-recurring and other unusual items. Reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Page 8 and the appendix of the earnings deck provide details of our reported earnings along with non-GAAP reconciliations related to discontinued operations and other special items in the quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Matt. And good morning, everybody. I'm very pleased with our third quarter results as we continued to deliver strong growth in both Lithium and Refining Solutions and our Bromine Specialties and PCS businesses performed in line with our expectations. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 32% in Lithium, and by 19% in Refining Solutions compared to the third quarter of 2015. For all of our continuing operations, excluding the year-over-year net impact of the divestitures of Minerals and Metal Sulfides businesses, adjusted EBITDA grew by $16 million, an increase of 10% compared to the third quarter of 2015 and adjusted earnings per share increased by $0.19 or 26%. Overall, company adjusted EBITDA margins were almost 29%, up 270 basis points from the third quarter of 2015, and our three reported segments again delivered combined adjusted EBITDA margins greater than 33%. The third quarter was also highlighted by additional moves to strengthen our industry-leading Lithium business. In August, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire the lithium hydroxide and lithium carbonate conversion assets of Jiangxi Jiangli New Materials Science and Technology Company, with the closing expected by the end of the first quarter 2017. Once closed, these assets will give us spodumene conversion capacity of 15,000 metric tons per year of lithium hydroxide and lithium carbonate with infrastructure already in place to support a 20,000 to 25,000 metric ton expansion. Spodumene for the current operations and the planned expansion will be supplied from our Talison joint venture in Australia. The acquisition increases our control of the supply chain from spodumene mining through production and sales of battery-grade lithium hydroxide and lithium carbonate. In addition to the planned capacity expansion at Jiangxi Jiangli, we will continue to pursue development of a greenfield spodumene conversion plant of approximately another 40,000 metric tons a year so that we can fully utilize the Talison resources over time. Full utilization of the Talison resources combined with the additional capacity we expect to add in Chile once a new quota is finalized will allow us to achieve roughly 160,000 metric tons per year of lithium carbonate equivalent production capacity by the beginning of the next decade. Based on current demand projections, we believe we will fully utilize that capacity by the early to mid-2020s. At that point, our assets in Chile and Australia will have many years of useful life remaining, but as of now, we do not believe further expansions are likely. Therefore, to meet the expected market growth past the early 2020s, we will need new resources. The agreement with Bolland Minera S.A. that we announced in the third quarter is a positive step in that direction. This agreement gives us exclusive exploration and acquisition rights to a lithium reserve in Antofalla in the Catamarca Province of Argentina. Based on existing data, we believe this resource will be certified as the largest lithium resource in Argentina. Given the development cycle to commercialize a new resource, we must begin investing now to bring new resources online by the early to mid-2020s. Our very preliminary evaluation on the Antofalla resource is encouraging, but you can expect it to take one to two years for us to make a decision on commercial viability. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke, and good morning. In the third quarter, we reported adjusted net income from continuing operations of $0.91 per diluted share, an increase of 26% compared to third quarter 2015, excluding the year-over-year net impact of the divested Minerals and Metal Sulfides businesses. The increase was driven primarily by core business growth and a lower effective tax rate compared to 2015. Our corporate costs in the quarter increased, driven by increased compensation cost and some one-time costs related to relocations and legal settlements. As a result, our corporate costs for the full year will likely range between $85 million and $90 million. There was no change in our estimated 2016 effective tax rate in the third quarter from the second quarter. Excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items, we continue to expect the 2016 ETR to be about 19%. We continue to expect D&A in 2016 of $185 million to $200 million, with 2016 capital expenditures now expected to be $175 million to $185 million, down from an estimate of $185 million to $200 million at the end of the second quarter. We're not slowing any of our projects. The decline is simply a result of changes in the timing of spending and improved capital efficiency versus our prior estimate. Operating working capital remained at 29% of sales at the end of the third quarter. Strong sales in our Refining Solutions business at the end of the quarter especially in Clean Fuels Technologies drove an increase in accounts receivables. We also saw an increase in our Refining Solutions inventories in the quarter. Forecasted demand in Clean Fuels in the first half of 2017 will necessitate further inventory growth in the fourth quarter to manage production for those expected sales. As such, our working capital is likely to remain in the 28% to 29% range at the end of 2016. Through the end of the third quarter, our adjusted free cash flow including contribution from discontinued operations was $415 million. This number represents cash flow from operations, adding back pension and post-retirement contributions and subtracting capital expenditures, but excludes one-time synergy, acquisition and tax-related costs. Free cash flow included in those one-time costs of $325 million through September nearly doubled the cash flow generated last year in the same period. Before I turn to our core business unit performance, let me briefly update you on our Fine Chemistry Services business. Sales and adjusted EBITDA improved in the third quarter, both year-over-year and sequentially. However, as we look ahead to the fourth quarter, this business faces top comparisons. Fine Chemistry Services made all of its total 2015 adjusted EBITDA over $17 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we only expect breakeven performance due to contract timing. Moving on to our core businesses. Let's start with Lithium and Advanced Materials. Third quarter net sales were $240 million with adjusted EBITDA of $92 million, resulting in adjusted EBITDA margins of 38%. Compared to the third quarter of 2015, net sales were up 15% and adjusted EBITDA was up 18%. The Lithium portfolio again delivered outstanding results. The third quarter net sales were up 30% and adjusted EBITDA up 32% compared to the third quarter 2015. Adjusted EBITDA margins of 41% were consistent with our guidance. And this is the seventh consecutive quarter with margins above 40%. Overall, volume grew in the quarter by 13% and pricing improved by 16%. We saw continued strong pricing momentum in our battery-grade products and price increases in technical-grade lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide as well. As in the second quarter, volume growth was driven by increased tolling of spodumene into battery-grade lithium carbonate and hydroxide. As a reminder, these results include a negative impact from year-over-year potash pricing, which we continue to forecast at $7 million for all of 2016. PCS performance was in line with our expectations with net sales down just over $6 million and adjusted EBITDA down $2 million compared to the third quarter of 2015. Impact from the Sun Edison bankruptcy and pricing pressure in our Organometallics product lines drove the lower results. Our full-year expectations are unchanged with PCS adjusted EBITDA likely to be down by about $15 million in 2016 compared to 2015. Bromine Specialties also performed as expected with third quarter net sales of $194 million and adjusted EBITDA of $52 million, resulting in adjusted EBITDA margins of 27%. Compared to the third quarter of 2015, sales were up 2% with adjusted EBITDA down 12%. Adjusted EBITDA and margins were impacted by negative pricing and mix, lower completion fluids, volumes in the Gulf of Mexico and Europe, lower volumes in certain flame retardants and reduced demand for agricultural intermediates. Consistent with prior guidance, we continue to expect the business to deliver full-year adjusted EBITDA that is only a few percentage points below 2015 performance despite a $15 million year-over-year headwind due to the loss of a methyl bromine contract at the end of 2015. Refining Solutions reported third quarter net sales of $190 million and adjusted EBITDA of $65 million, resulting in adjusted EBITDA margins of 34%. Compared to the third quarter of 2015, sales were up 3% and adjusted EBITDA was up 19%. As expected, Heavy Oil Upgrading, or FCC catalyst, was down year-on-year as refiners made small operating adjustments for higher-than-normal gasoline inventory in the United States. Also, while our full-year expectations for Heavy Oil Upgrading are unchanged, that is we continue to expect 2016 adjusted EBITDA to be very similar to 2015, this business faces difficult comparisons in the second half of 2016 due to the very strong sales in the second half of 2015. Volume in 2016 has been more evenly spread across quarters while volume in 2015 was back-end loaded due to both turnarounds and competitive trials at our customer base in the first half of 2015. Clean Fuels Technologies, or HPC catalyst, results were strong as expected with improved sales and adjusted EBITDA driven by increased volume and a more favorable product mix. Overall, Refining Solutions continues to exceed our expectations at the start of 2016 with full-year adjusted EBITDA now likely to be up close to 20% versus 2015. Now I'll turn the call back over to Luke to update our view on the year.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Scott. In the third quarter, we continued to deliver impressive year-over-year growth in our businesses. Growth in Lithium and Refining Solutions again led the way with the remaining businesses meeting our expectations coming into the quarter. In the fourth quarter, we expect the Lithium business to continue its trend of strong year-over-year EBITDA growth. However, we're forecasting relatively flat year-over-year performance for Refining Solutions, Bromine Specialties and PCS. As Scott already noted, our Fine Chemistry Services business had a strong fourth quarter in 2015 with over $17 million of adjusted EBITDA while we expect a breakeven fourth quarter for that business in 2016, which will impact our year-over-year comps. Still, in total, our view of 2016 continues to improve. We're adjusting our full-year 2016 forecast upward with net sales expected to range between $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion, adjusted EBITDA between $725 million and $745 million, and adjusted EPS between $3.45 per share and $3.55 per share. We remain on track to complete the sale of the Chemetall Surface Treatment business to BASF before the end of 2016. All regulatory filings are complete and several more jurisdictions, including the European Union, have cleared the transaction. Once closed, we will begin implementation of a deleveraging plan that will allow us to achieve our targeted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.5 times in early 2017. We're very pleased with our performance to-date in 2016. Our businesses have delivered impressive core EBITDA growth, and we have made much progress on our strategic objectives as well. While as expected, the fourth quarter of 2016 will be softer than our first three quarters, this does not mean a weakening in our outlook for 2017. We believe we have positioned the company for outstanding performance in 2017. Our budgeting process is well underway and we're very confident that our high-growth lithium business will drive another strong year of earnings growth for Albemarle.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Before we get to Q&A, I want to call at your attention to our press release of November 4, announcing that we'll host an Investor Day in New York City on March 17, 2017. Additional details will be forthcoming, but we look forward to the opportunity to provide a detailed update on Albemarle and the strategy and priorities, both for the company and each of our global business units. Operator, we're now ready to open the lines for Q&A; but before doing so, I would like to remind everyone to please limit questions to two per person to ensure that all participants have a chance to ask questions, then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups, if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Robert Koort, Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Luke, I wonder if you can give us an update on CORFO or the environmental regulators down in Chile. How soon before you get all that buttoned up and what's the hold up at the present?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Well, let me divide it up and at a high level and then I'll let John give some more color if necessary. First of all, there're two separate issues down there. One, you remember was, and I don't want to miss it, one was the environmental permit that gave us the right to pump a certain amount of brine. We received that in the first quarter this year. There's no contest to that, so the environmental permits are not at issue at all down there. And we have sufficient brine to produce over 80,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate equivalent per year down there. The CORFO agreement, there was CCHEN is going through that process, the nuclear agency, is in discussions down there. And I expect, at a high level, we're going to get that agreement done by the end of the year. I think they're just going through the administrative and regulatory process, which some time is somewhat bureaucratic to make sure that all the I's are dotted and T's are crossed, but I don't have any concern about that agreement getting finalized.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then for my follow-up, you mentioned expanding capacity in your Chinese venture and then also maybe building another plant, a spodumene conversion plant. How much would all these efforts cost? And is there any chance you would combine forces with Jiangxi since they're also building a big spodumene conversion plant?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think that all the numbers that we would have for capital are well within our plan, very consistent with what we've talked about during the course of the year on our capital. So, if you look at the Chinese capital, would probably be a good bit lower because a lot of that infrastructure is in place. So, we're just really adding it back in. If you look at a brand new site for spodumene converting 40,000 metric tons, you're probably north of $350 million. We hadn't done the engineering work for that yet. But as we stated, we're going to invest over the course of the next three to five years to ensure that we try to capture at least 50% of this growth and all of this is within financial modeling and we have more than sufficient cash flow throwing off these businesses that we can self-fund these, pay our dividends and service our debt with no problem at all.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, Luke.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, and good morning everyone. You saw a nice sequential price movement in lithium versus the first half. It seemed like from the comments that it was a mix of price and mix, but if I could just ask also on the technical grade product. Why is that price moving up? Is it moving up as much as the battery grade or what are the dynamics there?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. John.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Hi. This is John. The technical grade did not move as much as the battery-grade products, although we are seeing some pricing movement in technical grade. I do want to draw your attention to the fact that we started our tolling efforts in Q3 in 2015, and so we are seeing now good volume comps on the tolling volume out of Asia. And so, we're seeing kind of a shift of some of that value in the pricing area. So that's one reason you see a big uplift in price in Q3. I also just want to draw your attention to the fact that we have been getting pricing all along the way. And as we said on the last earnings call, I mean battery-grade pricing is in the range of up 20% year-on-year.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So, just as a follow-up, how many more quarters do you think before you're sort of fully at the current run rate of battery-grade pricing? How much longer it will take to fully flow through?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: What we've told everyone is that from a modeling perspective, you should look at our business given the product mix that will see pricing continue to escalate year-on-year in a kind of mid single-digit range.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter, Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Luke, do you have an early read on 2017 EBITDA for both the Lithium business as well as your overall company?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think we're in the middle of it. So, it's too early to talk about right now exactly. We're in the middle of our budgeting process. I think we're going to see growth. I think you'll continue to see good strong growth in Lithium from an EBITDA standpoint going forward. And I think we'll talk to you in January then. I wouldn't expect Refining Solutions to kind of have the same kind of EBITDA growth going into 2017 that you saw from 2015 to 2016. I think it'll moderate some. And then, as always, I've talked about Bromine is going to be flat to up a little bit or down a little bit. And overall that's been the consistent message that we've been giving all year as we look forward to the longer term growth of these businesses. And I would expect that to hold in 2017, but not ready at this time to quantify what that type of growth might be.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And thank you. And just on the spodumene conversion plant, to be clear, you expect that plant to be online by year-end 2019 or 2020. Is that correct?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: All right, so on the spodumene conversion plant, you're talking about a couple plants. The first one we talked about is the expansion of the facilities that we would be acquiring, and we would think we could bring that one online, John, by 2019, correct? And then, the following would be the greenfield site, which would be another 40,000 metric tons and what we've said is, probably by the beginning of the next decade. So, if you look at 2020 kind of time, that's about right. It might be a little bit early, it might be a year or two later. We're going to bring it online to meet the demand and not to just to have it there. We need to be sure that we can meet this demand, but we also don't want to be caught with a plant that's not operating. So, we'll be monitoring the markets and we'll continue to invest to meet our customers' needs as they make commitments to us.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar, Citi. Please proceed.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes. Good morning. Your Lithium margins were 41%. That was up year-over-year. As you do more tolling in China, especially with your new acquisition there, where do you see lithium margins going, and can you talk about lithium extraction margins versus lithium conversion margins?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Hi, P.J. This is John. As we've said before, we see our EBITDA margins for the Lithium business holding in the range that it's in right now for the foreseeable future. And there is a lot of puts and takes with regard to pricing impact but also as we're doing more exploration and we're bringing new capacity online and the cost of bringing that new capacity online. But what we've said on past earnings call and we reiterate on this one, we see the EBITDA margins continuing in the same range, going forward.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: And P.J., I didn't understand your second question about there was too many extraction in conversion technologies. Can you repeat that?
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah. So, what are the margins in lithium extraction? For example, in Chile versus lithium conversion assets, what are their margins, let's say, in China?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I mean, P.J., we had broken that out and that's fairly competitive since there's competitive intelligence and we're not prepared to give that out in a public setting, right, while our competitors sitting here and listening to it. But I think this business will maintain excellent margins with the steps that we're taking from our resources to expanding those resources and to the relationships we're building with the winning customers out there. So, I expect we can maintain this type of margin for the foreseeable future.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's fair enough. And then you decided to go into Argentina to look at the new asset or the new resource. Can you talk a little bit about your Kings Mountain, North Carolina asset and what are you doing there?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: John?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hi, P.J. First off, we have probably the most sophisticated resource team in the world. And they're looking at resources everywhere on every continent. And Kings Mountain is ranked with the rest of the resources that we continue to evaluate. And so, we do know that there's a hard rock ore body in Kings Mountain that contains lithium. We know that the quality of that lithium is very high. We like to say it's the second best resource, hard rock resource, in the world. And it is part of the mix that we look at in terms of developing resources going forward. But we're not in a position to say when and if it will be developed. As Luke mentioned on his opening statements, the brine resource in Argentina is really exciting for us. We believe that it has the potential to be the largest resource in Argentina. And it gives us the ability to build a world scale plant and provide us a low-cost source of lithium that we could supply our customers in the world.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. If I might add, P.J., if you look at what we're trying to do in lithium, we've got resources identified that we've said it'll take us to about 160,000 met tons of production by the beginning of the next decade, so 2020, 2021. That will be the annual operating rate if we see those resources being able to provide. We need to be able to provide growth for this industry past 2020 and 2021. So, we are taking steps today to look at resources around the world to ensure that we still have the resources to be able to bring to the market to meet this growing demand that we're going to see for lithium over the next 10 years, 15 years, 20 years. So, we are, I would say, the one company in the lithium space with a proven technical resources the current set of lithium-based resources, we have the financial strength to invest in the conversion capacity needed through 2021 as well as the technical skill and financial resources to bring on the next world scale resources that allow us to continue to meet that demand. So at the end of the day, I love our position in this market and I love the strategy that John and his team have put together to meet the demand today and have a sustainable winning business well into the future.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Very clear. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts, UBS. Please proceed.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. How is the FCC catalyst price increase going? It's a little hard to tell from the numbers.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Silvio?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Hi, John. This is Silvio. As we explained earlier, we are in the early days of that price increase. We have a couple of successes at different places in the world. So, we do believe and are committed to that price increase, but it will take two to three years before you see the full effect of that announced 10% increase.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Do you think a year from now we'll be seeing 2% to 3% average selling price year-over-year in your reported results?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: I think that's a fair assumption.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then in Fine Chemical Services, is a normal quarter near the average of breakeven for this quarter and $17 million for a year-ago EBITDA or how do we think about what normal is for that segment given its volatility?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. It's a very volatile business given the contracts. Since it's a custom-manufacturing business, it's got contracts that are coming in and out of the portfolio. I think it's fair to say that if I could put a normalized on it, it's probably in the single digits of millions of dollars is probably what's normal for that business.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison at Seaport Global Securities. Please proceed.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hi.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Luke, can you hear me?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Luke, can you talk a little bit about your expectations on the lithium royalties in Chile? I was just hoping that you could maybe give a sense of, should we just expect higher royalties to be about offset by lower cost at the new La Negra plant that's coming on-stream? I know you mentioned that you'd expect to keep margins about where they are, but it seems like there are a lot of puts and takes around the margins as we go forward.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. There are tremendous amount of puts and takes in the royalty and additional volume are two of the big ones that you'd mentioned. I think your assumption right now is a good one. Let me say that once the agreement is finalized and signed, and the agreement is finalized. But once we go through all that process and it's sign, we'll make it clear what the role of this structure is. I don't want to do that until such time as the agreement is signed by CORFO and signed by Albemarle, it's more than MOU. We'll make it clear for all you guys because I know you want to see that. I can tell you that it's commercially reasonable. We're excited about it, and we're looking forward to get that signed and get the information to you and continue to grow this business.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. And then, was hoping also that you could comment on the Refining side. It seems like the FCC demand is suffering a little bit from higher refined product inventory levels. Can you talk a little bit about how you expect that to play out over the next quarter or two? And what is going on right now with your FCC utilization rates? Thank you.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Mike, this is Silvio. Global picture structure, there is no difference. At current crude oil prices, we do see a strong demand for gasoline, but you know that we are sitting on larger inventories in the U.S. And to that extent, we have seen some lesser throughputs at the end of the third quarter, which is affecting a little bit our result. For the fourth quarter, we'd expect that refiners will continue to take some measures to address the high inventory and take the opportunity to do some maintenance. Structurally, going forward, I do not expect any major changes, and next year should be a comparable year to this year.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jim Sheehan, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed. You're live in the call.
James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. Could you guys comment on your share buyback authorization and what the pace of buyback activity you might be considering for 2017?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, we announced yesterday afternoon that the board had approved an increase in the authorization really on the same program that we've been operating under since 2000, and that authorization takes us back up to 15 million shares. And frankly, that's just an anticipation that as we move forward that there will be opportunities for us to do some share repurchases. At this point in time, we're still evaluating for 2017 the amount of investments required in the Lithium business in particular and the amount of cash required for that going forward before we make a formal commitment on the number of shares that we'll purchase. So, we'll continue to look at that and keep you updated as we proceed.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: This is Luke. You should not expect us to buy one huge slug of stock. Don't expect us to buy back $750 million worth of stock in one slug coming up in 2017. What we would do is, assess what we need for Lithium. In the end, we will enter into a programmatic thoughtful and methodical share buyback probe consistent with what we've done in the past.
James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: That's great. And also regarding your ambitions in Argentina, there've been some issues with other producers there in past years around currency and political risk. Can you just tell us how you assess the political and currency risk situation in that country going forward?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. It's ever moving. So, a piece of – somebody asked me about Kings Mountain and John talked about the resources that we look out around the world. There're also reserves in Bolivia. There're reserves in other places around the world, and we've got a methodology and a matrix that we're looking at. Country risk as well as currency fluctuations as well as costs as well as how long it's going to take us to develop, all that goes into play. And what we have to do is make some decisions and balance that risk against the opportunity and take a step that we believe is in the best interest of creating value for the company and for the shareholders. So, it's no easy answer. We're a long way from putting steel in the ground or even making the decision about putting steel in the ground in anywhere. But that is obviously one of the major considerations that we look to whenever we're going to make a capital decision such as this.
James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison, KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. Nice quarter there. Hey, Luke, when you think about Lithium, we had two years of really good, really strong double-digit EBITDA growth. Any impediments you see either on the demand side or the supply side that that type of growth want to be sustainable through the end of the decade?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Not really. I mean, it's hard to sit here now and say what's going to happen. You could have a significant recession that could have an impact. You have a 2008, 2009 kind of, they can have a blip of an impact. But when I think about long-term and I look at the drivers for that market demand, when I look at the supply that we expect is going to come online when we look at the demand curve, there's going to be years and times where we're out of balance and a little bit oversupplied or a little bit undersupplied. But for the long-term, I expect to see good trend lines on the growth of that business.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. And then the Refinery Solutions, you've mentioned that you should have some growth next year. Would you expect it in both areas in HPC, FCC, this year was a little bit different for FCC and HPC. So, just maybe walk us through the dynamics for that business heading into 2017?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think it's all going to be driven by transportation fuels and the demand for the gasoline and where that ends up. So, we've got great technology that whenever they got high margins or low margins in the FCC area, we help improve yields. So, we help the refiners to make more money. So, if we can do that and continue to do that, where they need that technology will be successful. And the ones the new refineries that you see coming online over the period of time, they're taking a more complex crude slate and they're looking to upgrade to make as much profit as we can. So, I feel good about FCC for the long term. HPC, it all comes down to regulations, what those salt prospects are. You've got some good moves on bunker fuels and some other regulations that'll cause the use of more hydrotreating catalysts. So, longer term that business will have good, steady business. And it'll all come down to what the mix is of that business and what the mix that catalyst uses, and that will be more impacted by what their margins are. But overall, it's hard to break it down by what's going to happen next year in both of those businesses. But as we look at our plan and roll it up, we'll see what the turnarounds are going to be, et cetera. But long term, Mike, this is a good business. This business is one that's got great technology. As long as those specs in gasoline and transportation fuels demand continue, we'll be in good shape with the technology we have in both of these sectors.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander, Jefferies. Please proceed.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. Just one question on Lithium; as you've been having pricing discussions with your customers, has there been any change in the quality of the discussions or the agreements in terms of are they interested in either jointly funding capacity expansions or giving you firmer agreements on volumes or any other improvements showing up in the contract terms?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hi. This is John. The relationships that we have with the customers, many of these customers go back decades. We are really focused on ensuring that we grow together and that we have a reliable supply for them. And so certainly, the quality of the conversations has gotten to a much more strategic level where customers are willing to enter into multiyear agreements. Currently, we have more than 60% of our lithium salts business under long-term agreement. And we think by the end of the year, we'll be in the 75%, 80% range, which is kind of our target range going forward. And we want to make sure that we continue to invest with customers that are committed to us and we're committed to them. And so that's part of our whole investment strategy as well as our commercial approach with the customers. And so, given the strong relationships that we have with them, the quality of the conversations have been excellent and I think it feeds into a long-term growth story for Albemarle.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: And to follow, I guess it's clearly early days, but do you think there's a line of sight to that location being as low cost or even lower than your current low cost capacity?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Certainly, costs being low cost is critical for us. We're focused on maintaining that leadership position in terms of low cost supply. And there's always a combination, not just geography but the quality of the resource, the way that we apply extraction and conversion technology, and the way we deliver the product in the right form to the customers. So there is a lot of complexity that goes into being low cost provider for our customer and the high value adder for a customer. But we're focused on low cost and we're focused on making sure that we're translating as much value to the customer as possible.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tyler Frank, Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management): Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. A quick follow-up to the last question. How does going into the longer term contracts for Lithium impact your ability to dictate price? And then as a follow-up, for the overall lithium market, how have things changed since your Lithium Day almost two years ago in terms of overall demand expectations? I think at that point, you were expecting the market to grow about 20,000 metric tons per year with the goal of capturing half that demand. Has that increased at all? And more players are bringing on additional capacity, so any commentary you can provide will be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Sure. This is John. Let me answer your question regarding the demand capacity first. Our demand model, it still remains the same as what we communicated at the last Lithium Day. So, just simply put, we think that the overall market is growing at about 20,000 metric tons per year through the 2020 time period. The total market is about 185,000, 190,000 metric tons. So, we've seen that demand forecast play out. We are updating that demand forecast, and we'll communicate that at the Investor Day in the first quarter. With regard to long-term agreements and how did that impact our ability to price product, of course, we are having those critical conversations with customers where we do need the flexibility to adjust price, but we want to treat customers fairly. So, there are provisions in our agreements that allow us to adjust price as appropriate and also gives the customer an opportunity to look at the market if they so choose to do that. But I think the important thing is that we're committing these long-term agreements, allow the customers to invest in the energy storage market because they know that they have a partnership with a company like Albemarle that has the ability to invest to supply them. And I think as Luke outlined in the opening comments, when we said during the Lithium Day that the overall market's growing at 20,000 metric tons per year and we're going to invest to supply half of that, I think you've seen through the tolling, through the acquisition of the China conversion technology, the expansion of our mine in Australia, what we're doing in Chile, how we're expanding the capacity in Chile, that we have invested and will continue to invest to be able to supply at least 10,000 metric tons per year. We've done it this year. We'll do it next year. And I think we've given you guys the path to see that we can deliver on our promises. And that is going a long way with the customers. I mean, as I said, we have very long and deep relationships with these customers. They appreciate it. They appreciate being with a market leader like Albemarle, and we're going to treat each other fairly going forward.
Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch, Aegis Capital Corp. Please proceed.
Christopher J. Kapsch - Aegis Capital Corp.: Yeah. So, some of the commentary about your contracts with Lithium customers got up my question, but it really has to do with strategy. And, Luke, you emphasized the strategy of being establishing a sustainable winning business really into the foreseeable future. And I think if you look back couple of years even some skeptical investors, then would acknowledge that this has been working. And then, the most recent portfolio changes where you've become even a more concentrated play on lithium. The question is, as you've done that, there are some seasoned investors who are taking a step back looking a little bit more skeptically saying, hey, this has the looking for setting up to be one of this classic boom-bust cycle in lithium. And I don't really hear a lot of that. I mean, a lot of the discussion is about trying to keep up with demand into the foreseeable future. So, I'm just wondering if you could just share with us how you think about that risk, that cyclical risk over time, and if there's anything that can be done in your strategic approach with your customers to mitigate that risk looking forward? Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, obviously, that's a lot of discussion that we have with the investors. We go out and meet with them as well as the board of directors, and what our concentration is and how do we maintain that growth and profitability going forward. If you look at what we're trying to do, it's a couple pronged approach. One, we want to be – have access to the best resources in the world. That allows us to drive our costs down. So if you get to a boom-bust, we're still going to be the winners in this industry because little cost always wins, right? Secondly what we're doing is, we're working very hard to have the capability to expand to meet that market demand but do it in a phased approach, so that we can continuously monitor the supply-demand situation to understand when we bring on what portions of a capacity expansion that we bring on. And third and importantly, we're entering into long-term agreements with our major customers that give us line of sight into their demand forecast going forward, and so that we want to make sure we have their views on what their demand is so we can meet that demand in a timely fashion. And they are very interested ensuring they have accurate and quality production to meet that demand. So, there's a lot of great conversations. So, if you got the resource side, you got the technology side, you got the financial wherewithal to bring that online in a way in increments that makes sense for that market demand and you're in strategic relationships with the customers who are going to be winners in this industry going forward, that's the way you protect yourself and really drive shareholder value in a market such as this. Go ahead, John.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: So, just one comment to add with regard to the boom-bust comment. Our view on supply-demand is that it will remain in balance through 2020. Beyond 2020, none of us have a crystal ball in terms of exactly what the inflection points will look like, in terms of the EV adoption and who will actually figure out how to build capacity the right way. But one thing, I think we have a high degree of confidence on anyone that has built any kind of large scale chemical plant understands this, it's one thing to announce a project. It's another thing to actually build it, commercialize it, qualify it, et cetera. And if you just look at what it takes to bring on capacity, we have hundreds of engineers and scientists working as fast as they can on our projects. But if you look at the marketplace and what it takes to bring on this capacity, I think you'll find some comfort in our prediction that the market will stay in balance through 2020.
Christopher J. Kapsch - Aegis Capital Corp.: And that's helpful color. Thank you much. And then, if I had one follow-up, it was actually more focused on the Bromine business. I think you guys are still in Bromine. Last quarter, you talked about some signs of the electronics end market was improving for brominated flame retardants. Could you just provide color on how that played out in the third quarter? And then any nuances to the specific connectors versus enclosures versus printed wiring boards will be helpful. Thank you.
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Chris, this is Raphael. And yes, we are still here. So, I'm happy to answer your question on electronics. So, the outlook still on a year-over-year basis still looks weak, but it's improving versus the weakness that was projected previously. So, year-on-year, in the third quarter, PCs were down, TVs were down slightly, but they're not down quite as much as what we thought they would be. The bright spots that we do continue to see is servers, that's up about 2% year-over-year. And I think the growth opportunity is likely to be in automotive. So, wire, cable applications or circuit boards within automotive. On a full-year basis, year-over-year, it's been relatively flat for us at Albemarle, but we certainly see that there are some bright spots that could counteract some of the downsides in PCs and in TVs.
Christopher J. Kapsch - Aegis Capital Corp.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn, Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. I actually would like to continue the Bromine question. So, you talked about in your prepared remarks that there was some weakness in the market and your drilling fluids in the Gulf of Mexico were down. Electronics doesn't sound like it was particularly strong, and yet you put up a positive growth number even excluding FX of 1%. So, are these all share gains of the drilling fluids in the Middle East? Are there businesses that may perhaps small or you didn't mention upfront that that are driving the growth here? What's offsetting the sort of the weakish environment that we've seen in Bromine overall?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Dmitry, as Luke had mentioned, I think, third quarter was about what we expected it to be. We do see weakness in completion fluids in the second half of the year. First half of the year was stronger than what we thought, and second half is about what we thought it would be. So, it's weaker in Gulf of Mexico and in the EU. We're essentially holding our own in the Middle East. Our position there as well as in the other core markets is to maintain the earnings quality of this business and as well as to hold on to our position in markets like completion fluids where we know it's going to be down because of oil prices and lower exploration investment, but we've held on to our position as best as we can because we know when that market recovers, you want to be in strong with those customers and participate in the growth going forward.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Dmitry. This is Luke. I think, overall, there had been a whole lot of market share gains. I think that's relatively been where it has been for the last two years at a high level. I think one of the areas where we focused on whenever Raphael was looking at his business and we were really refining on strategy on how we're going to have businesses. We had to look at costs. So, if you look at costs across our portfolio and Bromine has done a good job in getting yield enhancement, yield improvement, just good old chemical engineering technology to get a better result for the same amount of dollars or lesser dollars. So, they've done a good job at cost. And looking at opportunities, remember, we have the fluctuation to move production in some respects between Jordan and Magnolia, and that cab have an influence on our bottom line. So, they've done a good job managing that, if I look at overall for the full year. So, I don't want you to leave here with some view that there's been a big shift in markets and that's what's happened, because I don't think that's the case.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: But, I didn't have the view, I was just trying to understand pricing down and a lot of the businesses that you mentioned being weaker. Where did you get the volume growth, but we can follow up offline. I guess, as a my follow-up question, I'd like to ask about the catalyst business and the guidance you provided for the second half of the year. You talked about second half being weaker relative to first half and perhaps versus a year ago, but then you delivered a pretty strong third quarter. So, does that mean we're going to have a really bad fourth quarter comp in Refining Solutions?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: If you look at the comp in the fourth quarter for Refining, it's probably going to be the weakest quarter we have. It's probably going to be a little closer to the first quarter than it is to the second and third. Had strong second and had strong third quarters, we'll have a weaker fourth quarter. And I would say it's probably in the range of the first that's how you all look at it.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Okay. I just want to make sure I was hearing the right things. Okay. That's all the questions I have. Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Dmitry.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli, Gabelli & Company. Please proceed.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Just speaking with Bromine for a second, could you talk about your progress regarding the new flame retardant for construction installation?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Sure, Rosemarie. This is Raphael. So that product for us is called GreenCrest. That's a polymeric flame retardant, and we have seen year-over-year growth both in volume as well as in pricing as the market moves away from HBCD. So, for us, the fundamentals are there both in terms of regulations as well as our own supply position to continue to participate in that market as demand grows.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: So, when you talk about lower pricing and volume in Bromine overall, what came down substantially if the GreenCrest saw some price increases?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Well, to put it in context, Rosemarie, GreenCrest is still a relatively small piece of our overall portfolio in Bromine. So, while that has been a bright spot, there's been a few things that have pushed pricing down in the third quarter, which are largely not tied to direct Bromine sales that being potassium hydroxide, which is a byproduct of our Bromine production in Jordan as well as the amines business, which is also a non-Bromine piece of our Bromine portfolio.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: That is very helpful. Thank you. And I was wondering, I didn't see any price for your acquisition of Jiangxi's assets. So, if you could give us a feel for that, I don't know if it is public or out. And then the $3.2 billion of gross profit from the sale of Chemetall, what kind of a net profit are you expecting, fees and tax bleeds?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, if you look at the transaction in China, what I would say is, we will provide that data once the deal closes. But for a number of competitive reasons, I don't want to give that number out right yet. Let us get it closed and then you'll see what that number is and understand what a great value we believe we receive. With regard to the Chemetall transaction, we expect that to close by yearend. And the leakage on that because of the way that we structured the deal, Scott, is kind in that 10-ish percent range, is that fair?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. That's correct. Yeah.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining, and enjoy the rest of the day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp. Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp. Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp. John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp. Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp. Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.
Analysts: Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co. David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc. P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Joshua Spector - UBS Securities LLC Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Benjamin Joseph Kallo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) David Wang - Morningstar, Inc. (Research)
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2016 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Joyce, and I will be the operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Matt Juneau, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Strategy. Please proceed.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you. Welcome to Albemarle's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday. And you'll find our press release, earnings presentation, and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are: Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Bromine Specialties; Silvio Ghyoot, President, Refining Solutions; and John Mitchell, President, Lithium & Advanced Materials. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all non-operating, non-recurring and other unusual items. Reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation. In addition, with the execution of a definitive agreement to sell the Chemetall Surface Treatment business to BASF, U.S. GAAP requires that we report the business as a discontinued operation. As such, all of our comments today, unless specifically noted, refer to our continuing operations and exclude the impact of Chemetall Surface Treatment. However, given the timing of reporting Surface Treatment as a discontinued operation, we have provided bridges in our earnings deck to better explain the impact of this change. These can be found in pages four, seven and 16 of the deck, which is posted on the website. In addition, page eight and the appendix of the earnings deck provide details of our reported earnings, along with non-GAAP reconciliations related to discontinued operations and other special items in the quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Matt. And good morning, everyone. In the second quarter of 2016, we again delivered outstanding results in our core businesses and made significant progress against our strategic objectives. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 20% in Lithium and by 28% in Refining Solutions compared to the second quarter of 2015. For all of our continuing operations, excluding the year-over-year net impact of the divestitures of the Minerals and Metal Sulfides businesses, adjusted EBITDA grew by $19 million or 11% compared to the second quarter of 2015, and adjusted earnings per share by $0.25 or 37%. Overall, company adjusted EBITDA margins remained strong at 28%, with our three reported segments delivering combined adjusted EBITDA margins of 34%, up from 33% in the second quarter of 2015. The second quarter was also highlighted by the signing of a definitive agreement to divest the Chemetall Surface Treatment business to BASF for $3.2 billion, over 15 times trailing 12-month EBITDA. Combining the expected proceeds from this sale with those already received for the divestiture of Metal Sulfides implies that we purchased the Lithium business at a pre-tax multiple of about 10 times 2014 EBITDA. The closing of this sale, which we expect before the end of 2016, will mark another major step in our transformation into a company focused on our high growth Lithium and Catalyst franchises. Also in the quarter, we became a component of the S&P 500 and received the 2016 Presidential Green Chemistry Challenge Award from the EPA in recognition of the development of the AlkyClean process technology and the AlkyStar catalyst used in conjunction with that technology. This is the world's first solid acid alkylation technology and was successfully commercialized in 2015. AlkyClean is a potential game changing technology, and another demonstration of the innovation we bring to our customers. Our businesses and our employees continue to deliver strong results despite a weak and uncertain macro environment, a testimony to the quality of both our businesses and our people. Now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke, and good morning, everyone. For the second quarter, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.09, including Chemetall Surface Treatment, but excluding special items. On a continuing operations basis, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.93, an increase of 36% compared to second quarter 2015, excluding the year-over-year net impact of the divested Minerals and Metal Sulfides businesses. The increase was driven by strong core business growth, a lower effective tax rate, and lower corporate and interest costs. Before I turn to other financial metrics, let me remind you again that all of these will be discussed on a continuing operations basis, unless noted. In the second quarter, business mix by country and continued strength in our Jordan Bromine Company joint venture again drove a favorable effective tax rate. As such, we now expect our 2016 effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items, to be about 19%. D&A for 2016 is now forecasted at $185 million to $200 million, with 2016 capital expenditures, excluding Chemetall, expected to be in roughly the same range. Operating and working capital crept up to about 29% of sales at the end of the second quarter. Very strong sales in Bromine and Lithium in the second half of the quarter drove an increase in accounts receivables and a corresponding increase in working capital. However, we expect to reduce operating working capital to between 27% and 28% by the end of the year. In the first half of the year, our adjusted free cash flow, including contribution from discontinued operations, was $237 million. This number represents cash flow from operations, adding back pension and postretirement contributions, and subtracting capital expenditures, but excludes one-time synergy acquisition and tax related costs. Free cash flow, including those one-time costs, was $163 million through June, up significantly from 2015. The impact of foreign exchange on our businesses continued to decline in the second quarter to the point that the overall year-over-year impact was essentially negligible, with a negative impact on adjusted EBITDA of less than 1% in the quarter. Before I turn to our core business unit performance, note that our Fine Chemistry Services business remains a challenge. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA in that business was several million dollars below expectations at the beginning of the quarter. In addition, Fine Chemistry Services is facing challenges due to the difficult environment for customers in the Ag industry, and the need to rebuild relationships and business with the customer base after the extended sales process. As a result, our forecast for full-year adjusted EBITDA in 2016 has now been reduced by about $15 million since April. Moving on to our core businesses, let's start with Lithium and Advanced Materials. Second quarter net sales were $233 million with adjusted EBITDA of $83 million, resulting in adjusted EBITDA margins of 35%. Compared to the second quarter of 2015, net sales were up 10%, and adjusted EBITDA was up over 3%. The Lithium portfolio again delivered outstanding results. Second quarter net sales were up 24%, and adjusted EBITDA up 20% compared to the second quarter of 2015. Adjusted EBITDA margins were 41%, the sixth quarter in a row with margins greater than 40%. Overall volume grew in the quarter by 19%, and pricing improved by approximately 3%. All of the growth and most of the pricing improvement were in battery-grade applications, where we achieved double-digit price increases compared to second quarter of 2015. Margins were in line with our expectations as we continued to ramp up lower margin tolling of spodumene into battery-grade lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide to meet demand growth. Lower year-over-year potash pricing continues to be a headwind for this business of about $7 million of full year adjusted EBITDA. From an operation standpoint, the startup and customer qualifications of our new La Negra lithium carbonate plant in Chile are progressing as planned, and we continue to see good reception from our customers on the shift to long-term contracts. We are also pleased to announce the initiation of a collaborative effort between Albemarle and SQM to safeguard the ecosystem of the Salar de Atacama, and to ensure the sustainable extraction of brine over the long-term. PCS experienced headwinds during the second quarter from both polyolefins catalysts and curatives. Net sales were down just over $10 million, and adjusted EBITDA was down almost $8 million compared to the second quarter of 2015. Lower curatives volumes and pricing due to increased product availability from competitors, and the impact from the SunEdison bankruptcy, were the primary drivers. PCS adjusted EBIDTA could be negatively impacted by as much as $15 million in 2016 compared to 2015, a worsening of $5 million from our expectations at the time of the first quarter call. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA for our Bromine-based business was $67 million, down 3% year-on-year, with net sales down almost 8% to $207 million. Adjusted EBITDA margins were 32%. Better than expected clear completion fluids demand in the Middle East, timing of certain large volume flame retardant orders, favorable costs, and a better than expected pricing environment for some of our bromine derivatives, helped the business overcome most of our $15 million year-on-year adjusted EBITDA headwind due to the loss of a large methyl bromide customer in 2015. While we do not expect to see a repeat of the strong first half performance in the second half of 2016, we now expect the business to deliver full year adjusted EBITDA that is only a few percentage points below 2015 performance of $223 million. Refining Solutions reported second quarter net sales of $178 million and adjusted EBITDA of $62 million, with adjusted EBITDA margins of 35%. Compared to the second quarter of 2015, sales were up 8%, and adjusted EBITDA was up 28%. Heavy Oil Upgrading or FCC catalysts continued to perform at a high level, with volume, revenue and adjusted EBITDA all up, as expected, compared to second quarter 2015. Heavy Oil Upgrading also benefited from a more favorable product mix and lower variable cost compared to second quarter 2015. Clean Fuels Technologies or HPC catalysts' results also continued to improve as expected, with improved adjusted EBITDA driven by volume, a more favorable product mix, and lower variable costs. Overall, Refining Solutions expectations for 2016 remained fully in line with our view at the start of the year. Now, I'll turn the call back to Luke to update our view of the year.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey. Thanks, Scott. Just as in the first quarter, Lithium, Refining Solutions and Bromine Specialties exceeded our high expectations in the second quarter, and helped us to overcome weakness in Fine Chemistry Services and PCS. For the first half of the year, we've exceeded our initial 2016 expectations in all three of these core businesses. In the third quarter, we expect Lithium and Refining Solutions to again show solid growth compared to the third quarter of 2015. While our full-year outlook for Bromine has improved due to the strong first half performance, we do expect to see both sequential and year-over-year weakness in both the third and fourth quarters of 2016. Strong first half clear brine fluid demand outside the U.S. is not expected to continue, and certain large volume flame retardant sales in the first half are unlikely to be repeated in the second half of the year. Finally, the issues that Scott noted in Fine Chemistry Services and PCS lead to an adjusted EBITDA headwinds of about $15 million compared to our guidance in the first quarter earnings call. Even with those headwinds, the overall balance for the year continues to improve, and we are increasing our guidance for the year. On a continuing operations basis, our updated full-year 2016 net sales expectations are now $2.5 billion to $2.8 billion. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $705 million and $750 million, and adjusted EPS to between $3.35 and $3.60 per share, driven by the increase in our adjusted EBITDA forecast and the impact of a lower effective tax rate. As a reminder, given the changes to guidance resulting from the move of Chemetall Surface Treatment to discontinued operations, we've provided a bridge to prior guidance on page 16 of the earnings deck posted to our website. Albemarle's power to generate free cash flow will remain strong, even with the sale of Chemetall Surface Treatment. We estimate that Albemarle's free cash flow in 2016, excluding one-time items, and the expected free cash generated by Chemetall will range from $400 million to $500 million. We expect to close the Chemetall Surface Treatment sale before the end of 2016. Our priorities for the use of the proceeds from that sale are the same as those we have consistently communicated since we acquired Rockwood in early 2015. First, we expect a deleverage to a gross debt-to-EBITDA range of around 2.5 times. Second, we will leave some cash on the balance sheet to accelerate growth in our core businesses. In the near-term, investments will likely be focused on high-growth battery applications in our Lithium business. Third, we will work to return cash to shareholders through some combination of dividend increases and stock repurchases. While you should not expect us to completely finalize plans until sometime after the sale closes, rest assured that we intend to put this cash to work in ways that will generate the highest shareholder returns over time. In closing, I'm very pleased with our overall execution in the first half of this year. Our core businesses exceeded expectations, and we entered into a contract to sell our Chemetall Surface Treatment business at an attractive valuation. Once the sale closes, we will have a very strong balance sheet and are set up nicely to continue strong performance in the rest of 2016, and to accelerate the execution of our longer-term strategy.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Operator, we are ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before you do so, I would remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time so that everyone has a chance to ask questions. Then, feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ons if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: The first question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, this is Ryan Berney on for Bob.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Ryan.
Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Taking into the Lithium margins, can you help me understand the puts and takes on the margin change in Lithium from the first quarter to the second quarter? And could the cadence of the potash sales have any impact there?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Ryan, John Mitchell here. Yeah. So, in the first quarter, as we said, we benefited, number one, from mainly brine to lithium salt sales, which was driving a much higher one-time benefit in margins. As we see in quarter two, and we expect going forward in quarter three and quarter four, we have some margin dilution as a result of the tolling as tolling volumes ramp up. We also have some impact on the potash pricing headwind. And also, as we ramp up our capabilities from a manufacturing perspective on the new plant in Chile, we have some added costs there. So, those are the main items that are impacting. But as we mentioned in the quarter one call, I mean, we – our margins are where we expect them to be, around that 40% base.
Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks. And then maybe as a follow-up, could you update us on kind of your spending priorities for the cash proceeds from the Chemetall sale?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I'll take that one. As I said in my prepared comments, we're going to do exactly what we said since we acquired Rockwood in 2015. First, we're going to deleverage. You can look to us to go to somewhere approximately 2.5 times gross debt to EBITDA. We'll then have cash on the balance sheet that allow us to accelerate growth opportunities in our core business, and you can expect to see that focus on Lithium with some opportunities we have out there to accelerate our strategy. And third, we'll return some cash to shareholders through increased dividends and some stock repurchases.
Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you, good morning.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, David.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, David.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Luke and John, on lithium pricing in the back half of the year, Orocobre has been talking about $14,000 to $15,000 a ton for lithium carbonate. Are those prices anything that you could realize in the back half or even for 2017?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hi, David. It's John here. As we've said, our approach to pricing in the market, I mean, number one, we want to make sure that we are supporting our customer base in terms of reliable supply of lithium salts, and we're focused on the long-term development of the market and long-term supply agreements. We're making great headway on the long-term supply agreements, where more than 60% of our customer base is under that. We do have pricing flexibility there. But we're not going to comment on other peoples' prices at this point in time, but the environment is favorable; the market is in balance at this point in time.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Understood. And, John, any update on the MOU with the Chilean government?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, we're very close. We continue to have great conservations with the Chilean government. We expect the definitive agreement to be signed shortly. And we continue – we've already initiated engineering work on kind of the Phase 3 build-out in La Negra, so everything is moving along nicely there, and hopefully, we'll have some good things to announce shortly.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: David, this is Luke. The thing I'd add to that, I – remember, this was really the first agreement after the Lithium Commission. And so, we're working through making sure all the I's are dotted and T's crossed down there in Chile, and I fully expect that agreement to be signed, and we are proceeding with the development of that plan for the expansion confidently and are moving forward assuming that's going to get signed in short order, and I believe it will.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very good. Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, man.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Could you talk – sorry, could you talk a bit about what you're seeing in terms of electronics demand, I guess both for Lithium and for Bromine, and how you see that progressing over the next couple of years? So, how is it doing now and what's happening going forward?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. I'm going to let John take it first around Lithium, and then we'll have Raphael talk a little bit about Bromine second, if that's okay, Vincent?
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, sure.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Hi, Vincent. It's John. With regard to Lithium, when we look at energy storage, we look at the market in three categories: consumer devices, transportation and grid storage. So, on the consumer device side, that includes not just the computers, tablets, cellphones, but it includes power tools and other wearable devices. And we're still holding to our model of about 8% to 10% annual growth in that segment.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And is that what you're seeing this year?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. That's – I mean, we continue to see that kind of growth in that segment.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And Bromine?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, Vincent, this is Raphael. For the Bromine business, our FR business, our Flame Retardant business goes into various electronic applications. Overall confidence in that market from a market perspective is increasing. So, the various indices which track confidence in the connector industry, as well as overall electronics, are going up. So, the industry is feeling more confident and the outlook year-over-year, as well as sequential, it looks better. That's also reflected, to some extent, in our business, we've had a strong first half in flame retardants into those markets, and we expect over the next year and in the outlook that to be stable to slightly increasing.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And, look, if I could just ask you, with Bromine appears to be stabilizing, you've got the Chemetall sales, so you're going to delever, what would the pros and cons be of keeping Bromine at this point or finding another home for it one way or the other?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think if you look at Bromine, I do believe that business this year has a fighting chance to be down just a few percentages point from last year. So, improved much over the first half, is going to generate – excuse me, when I said over the first half, I meant improved over 2015, our early expectations. Also, it's going to generate significant cash that we'll be able to harvest to apply to the Lithium growth opportunities. So, to me, it's still a question of how do we best drop shareholder value, and at least as we look at it today, harvesting that cash to allow us to accelerate the growth opportunities that we see in our Lithium organic growth and potential opportunities in Catalyst today. But that always changes, we'll continue to look at it just as we looked at the Chemetall business. And if – and we're going to do what is the – creates the highest value for our shareholders over the long term. But right now, I think that is keep Bromine, continue to watch the great performance that we've seen this year, and harvest that cash.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much. Have a nice day.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jim Sheehan with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. Could you comment on the lithium supply demand environment in 2017, the impact of new capacity that you see possibly having on lithium carbonate prices next year?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Hi, Jim. This is John. With regard to the supply demand, again, as I said on multiple calls, when we look at the mid-term, we see the market imbalance. There certainly will be periods of time where new capacity kind of comes on and slugs. For 2017, we see a few resources in Australia coming online to support the growth, as well as continued ramp-up of Orocobre in Argentina, as well as our own capacity ramping up. So we see 2017, again, being in balance.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: And I think fair to say, John, not a significant impact. We don't see demand – the supply coming on that's going to have a significant impact at all on our ability to price for the value in lithium carbonate.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: No. That's right.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. And on FCC pricing, could you just comment on the trends you're seeing there and what you expect in the second half?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Yes. This is Silvio. Like we told earlier in the year, we initiated a process for the – for increasing our prices. We've been cleared from the get-go that it's a long haul exercise. We feel positive about what we're seeing after first couple of months, we have a couple of first successes, and we will pursue the efforts and will stay on track as we announced before.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura Securities. Please proceed.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning, thank you. A follow-up question on the use of proceeds. Will you rule out any sizable acquisitions? And does your comment about investments in sort of battery-grade lithium also could potentially involve acquisitions or mostly organic investments?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: It's always a possibility for an acquisition. And if we see opportunities for acquisition, it would be in the lithium space immediately, but that would be a fulfillment of or an acceleration of the strategy that we've already stated, Aleksey, I'm sorry.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you. And as a follow-up on repurchases, any thoughts on the timing or how quickly can you get to that? And then is that decision dependent on your sort of potential acquisitions as well?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think that we've got to close it. So, it's one thing we got to get the deal closed first. We expect that to happen by the end of the year. We also have to be able to get the cash back to the U.S. in an efficient manner so that we pay down debt and then have that cash on hand to do it. So I wouldn't expect any repurchases, any at all, in 2016. I would expect that would roll over into 2017, and we're going to look at what the environment is and what the opportunities are to use that cash at that time, and that'll determine how much goes into what bucket, Aleksey, is the best way for me to describe it. But we are making the analysis to ensure that we're driving shareholder value to the greatest extent that we can.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. And final question, if I may, on Lithium EBITDA. What is the outlook for the second half versus the first half run rate sort of about – the good one for second half as well?
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: John.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think as we've stated, our expectations on EBITDA for the Lithium business in that 40% range. And so, that's what we expect going forward for the second half.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup. Please proceed.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes. Hi, good morning. So, I think...
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. As you get the cash in, you'd look into making acquisitions on Lithium. Would you look at acquiring more reserves you've got in brine or rock? And then, on your Kings Mountain, North Carolina asset, you haven't run that asset in a while. What kind of investment would you need to get that in operations?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. That's a couple of questions. What I said is I would consider acquisitions, P.J. So, let's be clear what we're saying, okay? We would look from a standpoint of anything that would accelerate our already stated goals. Those goals are to capture 50% of the growth in the lithium market over the next five years to 10 years. So, you can look at – that will require additional resources that we will need to bring online, to be exploring in the 2022 kind of timeframe. We'll have to find those assets, acquire them, and we've got teams around the world looking at them and talking with people about options, because not only do we need to satisfy the demand of the day, but we've got to decide – meet them into the next decade, and that will require additional resources, as we've stated. So, we will look at that. We – as a part of that, you can expect us to look for high-quality rock reserves, as well as high-quality brine reserves. We have today, the low cost position in brine, the low cost position in rock. We have geographic diversity. We've got a diversity of our portfolio of our end products, and we believe that gives us a tremendous competitive advantage, and you will see us take steps to enhance that advantage that we believe we already have. With regard to Kings Mountain, that is the original, I believe, rock mine in North America, still best of everything that I've seen today. The data would show it's probably the second or third most concentrated rock reserve in the world. And we are in the process of analyzing the cost to bring that back online if it was necessitated. But what it would be, would be a simple mathematical equation for us, what's the cost of bringing it online versus what our other options are around the world, and does it give us a competitive advantage or not. And we will pick the one that is the highest. So, I don't have an answer to your second question, and it would just – it would be premature for me to throw a number out there, P.J. I'm sorry, I just don't have that number, but we're working on it.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): No. That's great, and thank you for that. And just secondly on your Refining, you saw a nice improvement in EBITDA. How much of that was coming from sort of benefit from spring turnaround versus how much of that is from a cyclical recovery with strong gasoline market, et cetera? Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: P.J., I'm not sure I understood the question. I think you asked of the EBITDA growth year-over-year, how much of that was refinery turnarounds for hydro treating, and how much of it was the gasoline demand in FCC catalyst. Was that right?
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah. That's right, Luke, thank you.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, P.J. This is Silvio. Both businesses contributed well to that growth because on the FCC, you may recall that year-over-year, last year, we went through a period with a lot of trials, so the volumes were somewhat better this year, together with the strong gasoline demand for the first half. And on the CFT side, as reported earlier, we're expecting 2016 to be better than 2015 as we do not see that same hesitance. And with Refining, we did notice over last year, that is being confirmed, we see more change-outs. We see a better product mix and saw also the CFT contributed to that EBITDA growth.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: If you look year-over-year, I think it's safe to say we had better performance in CFT year-over-year. FCC was solid, but – and had a nice movement, but the real growth was in CFT year-over-year.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Please proceed.
Joshua Spector - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys. How are you doing?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey.
Joshua Spector - UBS Securities LLC: Just a follow-up on the Refining side. So, specifically on HPC, I know you had sales strong in the quarter, I know you just talked about it. Just curious, was it getting to the point where customers needed to change out and that drove demand or are you seeing some additional demand as crude was higher in the quarter? What would be the main driver, in your opinion, sequentially?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Well, let me put it correct. Last year was the exception that we saw all kinds of measures taken because of the economic climate at that time and the oil pricing. Over this year, things came back to what we call normal, we saw regular change-out, we saw the use of fresh catalysts versus regenerated catalysts. So, I dare to say that we are getting back to normal operations and see the regular change-out. Comes to see now what the recent trends in the oil will do, but I may confirm that the first half of the year was back to normal business.
Joshua Spector - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And just on margins as a whole, I mean, I think if I look historically, margins have been more in the higher 20% range. Now, you're on a couple of quarters of above 30%. Is that just mix and as HPC comes back in, that might go down, or is this kind of a new fundamental basis to look as we go forward?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: No, I would dare to say that it has to do, on one hand, with the quality of the mix, both the fills and the products that go in there, as well as the use of fresh catalysts versus reused catalysts, that's one element. On the other hand, as we reported, we have some variable cost and – some favorable variable costs in the beginning of this year, first half year.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I think the thing that you've got to remember in HPC catalyst particularly, and you focused on HPC, is it's – what is that mix going to be? So, if you look, we make fine margins on our FCC catalysts as well, but we get – if we get a use of a really tough, a complex crude, just hard to get the sulfur out, and the amount of hydrogen can have an impact on it. And if we need our specialty hydrotreating catalysts, we can make better margins on that on the mix. So, the HPC mix, that we have more than anything else, can impact those margins. So, I think it's going to, from quarter-to-quarter, fluctuate. I think over time, over a long period of time, you're going to see high 20%, 30% kind of margins, is what I would out – somewhere between 25% and 32% kind of margins is where it's going to fluctuate. That's what it has and I think that's what you will continue to see.
Joshua Spector - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, a couple of questions, if I may. On the first question on the Bromine side of the business, pricing, I understand, is holding both year-over-year increases and sequential in elemental bromine and some of the derivatives outside of drilling fluids, is that still correct?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Dmitry, this is Raphael. That is still correct. So we have – we were fortunate to have a tailwind with China pricing that helped, as well as some of the mix of our business in the first half of the year. So, we are seeing flat to slightly improving pricing in our business.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then if you exclude the share gains that you've got in the Middle East, what's your feel for the overall drilling fluid demand in the global market, both in the second quarter and then looking forward to the balance of the year?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Dmitry, we see overall demand being down. As you've noted correctly, and I'm very proud of our Bromine team, in the first half of the year, we did secure some share in the Middle East, as well as secured business with existing customers. So that was very favorable. And while those customers continued to order into the second half of the year, it is not at the rate that we saw in the first half of the year. So we would say that overall, demand is down, it's down most significantly for us, as well as for the industry in the Gulf of Mexico, but down overall. So it has a bit of a tail going into the second half of the year and perhaps the start of 2017.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Dmitry. This is Luke. Remember, when we talk about drilling fluids, we're really focused on deepwater drilling. So, it's really, that's our main focus, is deepwater. We don't – we're not much onshore or not much in frac-ing. So, it's really, you got to focus it on deepwater. And I think what – there's such a long tail on that. And so I'm – I think we're going to see the second half is going to be down, that's included within our guidance, and I think you'll see a weak start to 2017 with respect to our completion fluids.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got you. And then – excuse me. On lithium pricing, I think you said they were up 2% year-over-year, is that correct, with a 19% volume growth?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: It's up 3% overall, and that's on the portfolio overall for lithium. Battery grade material, which drove most of that pricing, was up much higher than that.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So, your price increase on lithium carbonate, was it specific to the battery grade or was it lithium carbonate broadly speaking? Can you remind us?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: This is John. So again, on the technical grade applications, there tends to be, in some cases, a ceiling on price because the value in use, once you go beyond a certain price, sometimes you can substitute out a product, so you have to be careful on the technical grade side. But certainly, on the battery grade side, we've gotten our fair share of price within battery grade. Also, in terms of the way we define our pricing mix, I mean, as the tolling – you have to also remember, as the tolling volume's coming on, we're not necessarily counting that in terms of our pricing that – in terms of the way we've reported out on the pricing percentages.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. I'm just trying to understand of the – I think you went out with like a 15% or 20% price increase that you expect to get over a couple of years. And I'm just trying to understand if that's...
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Lisa (41:09).
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: ...if the 3% is the first step of that or is the 3% being masked by things like tolling and some of the other things that you mentioned, and you actually are realizing a much higher price increase. The reason I'm asking is your competitor in Lithium reported yesterday, and I think they talked about getting a 10% price increase in the hydroxide side of the business.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Right. I mean, I think you might be confusing us with someone else in terms of what we announced, but I mean, what we've said on the call is that for the overall Lithium portfolio, not the Lithium & Advanced Materials, but we expect mid single digits overall. And that in the battery side, we have good double-digit price increases on the battery side. So, I mean, we're getting – we're in line with where we think the market needs to be.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Dmitry, we're not in any way getting less aligned on the pricing of – in battery-grade applications. If you look – if you do the math on our battery-grade applications, you can see they're up double digits and it's not 10%; it's well into the double digits. So, it's right in line what you're hearing from the rest of the industry on pricing, and I would expect to be able to see strength in that going forward.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thank you, Luke. Thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. So, first on the Lithium, the contract extensions, to what extent when – if and when prices roll over, how fast we think of the flow-through to your business, or how sticky should pricing be because of the contracts you have in place?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: No. As we've said that – I mean, each of the contracts are going to be negotiated on an individual basis. In terms of when we decide to adjust prices. I mean, I would say those prices could take effect within the quarter. So, I mean, they can be – I mean, it can react pretty quick, but it's – it really depends on when we decide to take action, and again, each agreement is negotiated individually.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: And then on the Bromine side, is there anything that can be done as you look at the end market mix to reduce the lumpiness in that business going forward? I mean, any further actions you can take?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Laurence, this is Raphael Crawford. I mean, we continue in the Bromine business not only to make sure we're delivering cash out of the core business, but we do continue to invest in R&D, as well as business development efforts into new markets, whether that be specialty applications or other core uses. We certainly look at that, and that's our best avenue to reducing some of the lumpiness. But this business, it does see headwinds and it sees tailwinds based on various end markets and various geographic considerations. And over the cycle, we continue to focus on cash delivery and making sure that our cash flow delivery is consistent year-over-year to fund the growth in the Catalysts and Lithium businesses.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys, nice quarter. Luke, congrats on getting really good value for Chemetall there, and I guess, I get to say new Albemarle again this year, but when you think about the portfolio as you look in – over the next several years, can you maybe just frame up what this portfolio can do in terms of growth, free cash flow, and just maybe give us an update on the long term potential now?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think, it's a – as I look across it, what I would say is that I think Lithium has got – is kind of a double-digit growth for the next – if you look now through the rest of this decade, and as long as we get the additional resources continued. So I see continued strength in Lithium, at least double-digit growth year-over-year for the next four years or five years, and that's about as far as anybody can see, right? So, and that could be accelerated based on energy storage, based on EVs and other items, but I don't see any change coming on that. On Refining Solutions, demand for transportation fuels is going to drive that. And that's usually going to grow somewhere around 2% to 3% to 4%. And I think we'll grow a little bit better than that because of our capabilities in the complex tough to crack crude slate. So, I feel great about our ability to have year-over-year growth there. It will, I think, moderate then from what we've seen this year's. Remember, this year was a bounce back year. I wouldn't expect to see that type of growth well into the future, but I think that the strength of our innovation in catalysts will allow us to continue to grow that low to mid single digits. And dependent upon how our incumbencies are in clean fuels, we could pop above that from quarter-to-quarter. But I think there's still continued growth in that Catalyst business. At Bromine, as I've said before, this year, the Bromine is outperforming my expectations. We said they were going to be down; I still think they're going to be down this year year-over-year, but they've got a fighting chance to get close here to what they did in 2015. That business, we're not counting on it for growth, but if we get a little bit of growth from Bromine over the years, that certainly, the free cash flow generation from that is going to accelerate our ability to drive more of our profits in Lithium. So, I think you'll see that – I don't think the free cash flow will continue very strong. We'll have some capital that we need to invest in Lithium, obviously, but even with that, I expect our maintenance capital, if you will, to probably be around 4% across our base, and you're going to have growth capital in Lithium that will take us up higher than that. So, continuation of the free cash flow story here, and I think good solid growth and growth opportunities between Lithium leading the way, followed by Refining Solutions, and then counting on Bromine to remain flat. It may go up one year a little bit, down one year a little bit, but overall, I feel great about the ability of these portfolios to drive shareholder value.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. And a quick follow-up on Heavy Oil Upgrading. Where are your operating rates now and where do you think you'll end the year as you head into 2017?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: The operation – this is Silvio. The operation rate is in the 90s% as we said – as we announced before, it's not changed. We have had a strong quarter. The demand for fuel has been – it's very strong, maybe a little pressure on it for the coming months because the industry is dealing with the inventories, but overall, longer-term picture, we believe that the demand for – and the gasoline production will come back and will remain strong into the 2017.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global Securities. Please proceed.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: I was wondering if you could give a little bit of color on the Taqueer (49:06) volumes that are going to roll off at some point, maybe the – any insight on the pace and magnitude of how that's going to affect your FCC business?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I'll let Silvio to talk about that. Our – we're not going to give what the specific volumes are, Mike, for obvious reasons. But, Silvio, you want to talk a little bit about that and what's built into our guidance?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay, well, we have been supplying at different rhythms over the beginning of the year and did supply well into July. For remainder of the year, we do not foresee any additional volumes, and that has been totally built into our guidance for this year.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. And then, I was also hoping we could get an update on the operations in La Negra and the expansion there. Could we start to see some additional volumes contributing commercially in the second half or is that more of a 2017 story? And do you continue to view it as coming on maybe 20% of capacity per year for the next few years?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: This is John. I mean, we're progressing really well in La Negra in terms of qualifying the product with really, a great portfolio of customers. You should expect to see a contribution really in 2017. And we – as we've said, we're focused on the long-term agreements and we've already started to pre-sell that volume with customers. So, we'll bring on capacity in line with our customers' demand.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ben Kallo with W. Baird. Please proceed.
Benjamin Joseph Kallo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, congratulations, Luke, in all the progress over the past year.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you.
Benjamin Joseph Kallo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): I have two questions. First on the HPC side, could you guys just talk about that? You – Grace (51:13) was out there today talking about the ARC (51:15) JV and seen some harvests there. And then, I want to change subjects with my second question that's about Lithium. And that was a joke, but maybe just tell us, Luke, what you think, some of the parts of the value chain – I know you talked about resource and what you guys have there and potential acquisitions, as well, possibly maybe even going deeper into the battery side of it that are interesting to you. And as you get the capital from the sale of Surface Treatment, that you would be interested in looking in what – either organically or through acquisition? Thanks.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Silvio, you want to talk about HPC volumes?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think I can put some – shed some light on that one. Year-over-year, the volumes are getting better. Longer haul, there is – the structure fundamentals that more fuels are going to be consumed, that more fuels need to be cleaned up, so there is a structural growth pattern in there. Looking at the different segments, however, we see that there is a shift, that one segment is growing faster than the other. We see a stronger demand in the individual (52:40) area, where more complex oils are being processed. But to answer your question, we have gone through a dip last year with a lot of uncertainty at the refiner side. We are still cautious, but we still – we see that coming back this year that, like I said before, we're getting back to the normal patterns. And for the longer haul, we expect the HPC volume to grow because you just need to process more oil going forward.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Silvio. And if I look at – your question really was about what parts of the value chain with – will we look at in the batteries. And we really like where we are today. What we're good at is resources, taking those resources, converting them into quality lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide and other byproducts from lithium that drives higher value. So, as I look at that, we're going to stay true to who we are, Ben. I don't think you can expect to see us buying a cathode company or anything like that. What we want to focus on is driving value, which is an acceleration of our strategy, to be able to gain faster growth in lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide in the catalyst space. So, that's what you'll see us doing. We'll be consistent with who we are.
Benjamin Joseph Kallo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you, Luke.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Wang with Morningstar. Please proceed.
David Wang - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Morning, everybody. Thank for taking my question.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah.
David Wang - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): I guess my first one's on Bromine. I guess you're interested in managing this business mostly for cash flow generation. I guess, going forward, do you see it mostly as volumes and pricing driving the cash flows of the segment or is there much room left, legroom on the cost side such that you can still improve EBITDA for that segment, even if pricing doesn't necessarily go your way or we don't see much of a rebound in volumes?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. David, this is Raphael Crawford. I think we see both sides of this. We certainly see a great leverage effect on volume and the drop through to the bottom line. So, we do take efforts on securing additional business when we can, for example, the China opportunity this year with the favorable pricing in China was something that we jumped on in order to pick up some additional volume. And pricing, as we go forward, that's always a lever. There is still room on the cost side. That's something that we continually look at. We saw some cost improvement particularly in raw materials, for example, from favorable buying in the first half of the year. So we look at that continually. And as I said before, we look at all the levers we can pull to continue to deliver consistent or growing year-over-year cash flow into Albemarle. And that includes cost, capital, as well as on the sales side.
David Wang - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Right. Thanks, Raphael. And then, I guess, my second question is on Lithium. You mentioned that going forward, you would be considering acquisitions. And I was wondering how this would be prioritized relative to your other opportunities. For instance, is there – would you look to expand the Chilean operation even more so than you've already laid out before you would look at an acquisition, or would you look at the spodumene and hydroxide before the acquisition? I was wondering the priorities of these – the options or the other ones that you're considering.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, our priorities are going to be right. You should look at them as we look at brine versus rock versus conversion. You ought to look at it on ways that will lead and will accelerate our strategy, and deliver a higher shareholder value, and that's what we would look at as opposed to focusing in any one geographic area or any one particular asset. It's going to be – if we find one, if it makes sense, if we can get the right type of accretion, it would all be related to driving an already articulated strategy.
David Wang - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. So – and just to clarify on that, so would you prefer to – I guess I'm just wondering why you would be looking an acquisition when it seems to me like you could continue to expand the Chilean operation.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well, I mean, what we'll do is – what I said we'd do is we'd have cash on the balance sheet to allow to accelerate our strategy. So, accelerating the strategy could be we develop more assets in Chile as well. So, you're reading too much into it, what – that I'm going to do one or the other. What we're going to do is we'd laid out a strategy, we're going to maximize the resources that we have today as rapidly as we can to meet the market demand. And then, if an acquisition allows us to accelerate that, we'll do it. But it's going to be – if you look at our Chile operations today with the MOU, we've already got a plan to build out the derivative capacity to use up 100% of that resource over time. We'll accelerate that. And we're in the process of accelerating that today. And if there are opportunities in Chile where certainly, we're down there, we know those resources, then we'll certainly continue to look to pursue those. There are other – in other areas of the world, there could also be some opportunities that we would pursue from a resource standpoint, as well as from an asset that may accelerate or strengthen our position in that area of the world, and that's what we're going to do. So, we're looking at ways to accelerate our strategy and strengthen our overall global leadership position. So, it's not going to be anything that comes out of left field. It's going to be, if we do anything, it's going to be very consistent with the strategy that we've articulated since we bought Rockwood in 2015.
David Wang - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): All right. Thank you for the color, Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Okay, man.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I will now like to turn the call back over to Luke Kissam. Please proceed.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you very much. We'd like to thank everybody for taking time to be on our call today, and we look forward to continuing our performance in 2016 and the acceleration of our strategy into 2017. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-11 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp. Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp. Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp. John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp. Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp. Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.
Analysts: Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Benjamin J. Kallo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets David Wang - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - G.research LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the quarter one 2016 Albemarle Corporation earnings conference call. My name is Towanda, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt Juneau, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you. Thanks, welcome to Albemarle's first quarter 2016 conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday. And you'll find our press release, earnings presentation, and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are: Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Bromine Specialties; Silvio Ghyoot, President, Refining Solutions; Joris Merckx, President, Chemetall Surface Treatment; and John Mitchell, President, Lithium & Advanced Materials. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all non-operating or special items. Reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are both posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Matt. I'm very pleased with our start to the year, as we opened 2016 with a great first quarter for each of our businesses. Excluding adjusted EBITDA from divested businesses and year-over-year currency exchange impacts, revenue grew by $58 million, or almost 7%. And adjusted EBITDA grew by almost $44 million, or 22%, compared to the first quarter of 2015. Adjusted EBITDA growth was driven by increases of 31% in Refining Solutions, 26% in Lithium, 16% in Bromine, and 14% in Chemetall Surface Treatment. Overall, company adjusted EBITDA margins remained strong at 28%. Our four core businesses delivered combined adjusted EBITDA margin of 32%, up from 29% in the first quarter of 2015. Additionally, actual free cash flow in the quarter was in line with our expectations. Profit improvement was driven by volume growth, price gains, and lower costs across most of our businesses. These results highlight the strength of our businesses and the quality of our employees. In January, we reached the one-year anniversary of the Rockwood acquisition, and we are now truly one company with a focused, performance-driven organization. Before I turn the call over to Scott to discuss P&L and business unit highlights, let me update you on two strategic projects. First, our synergy projects continue to add to our bottom line results. As of the end of the first quarter, we have achieved synergies that will deliver $105 million in cost savings versus 2014, putting us well within reach of our goal of $120 million. We are working a number of identified projects that should allow us to easily meet our target, with our supply chain initiatives making significant contributions. Second, as we discussed in the fourth quarter call, we successfully divested two non-core businesses, Minerals and Metal Sulfides, in early 2016. This left us with only one business, Fine Chemistry Services [FCS], of the three targeted for sale in early 2015. We ran a structured auction process for this business, but the offers received and negotiations with potential purchasers failed to result in a value proposition that met our expectations. As such, we believe it is in the best interest of our shareholders to keep Fine Chemistry Services and to run it as a standalone business. First quarter 2016 results of this business showed a slight improvement over 2015, and keeping the business will not impact our ability to deleverage in any meaningful way. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke. For the first quarter, we reported all-in diluted earnings per share of $2.02, or $1.12 per share excluding special items. The major special items were the gains of $1.02 related to the sales of the Minerals and Metal Sulfides businesses. A full reconciliation of all special items in the quarter can be found in both the earnings release and in the earnings presentation posted on our website. Before going into the details, I want to put our EPS performance into perspective. Our first quarter 2015 adjusted EPS was $1.17. This included $0.36 from the one-time non-cash foreign exchange gain and a net $0.03 from the two divested businesses. Excluding these items from 2015 yields a first quarter 2015 pro forma EPS of $0.78. So on a like-for-like basis, the EPS of $1.12 from this year is up 44% from 2015 pro forma. Most of the growth, $0.28 per share, was driven by core business performance. We had small benefits from corporate, FCS performance, lower interest costs, lower D&A and tax rates, and a headwind of $0.04 per share from a higher average share count. A detailed walk can be found on page eight of the earnings presentation posted on our website. In the first quarter, we saw changes in business mix by country, particularly a great quarter by our Jordan Bromine Company joint venture. That led to a lower but expected company-wide effective tax rate. As such, we now expect our 2016 tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension, and OPEB items, to be about 22% to 23%. Depreciation and amortization for 2016 is now forecasted at $260 million to $270 million for the year, lower than originally expected. Final revisions to purchase price accounting related to the Rockwood acquisition and a slight change to the depreciation schedule for the new La Negra battery-grade lithium carbonate plant are driving the lower forecast. First quarter capital expenditures were right in line with expectations, and we continue to expect and forecast capital expenditures in 2016 of between $230 million and $240 million. Operating working capital, including the Fine Chemistry Services business, was 27% of sales at the end of the first quarter, up slightly from the end of 2015 but fully in line with our expectations. And we expect operating working capital to range between 26% and 27% for the year. In the first quarter, our adjusted free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations, adding back pension and post-retirement contributions and subtracting capital expenditures, was $160 million. This excludes one-time synergy, acquisition, and tax-related costs and is right in line with our full-year expectations of $550 million to $650 million. All-in reported free cash flow, including those one-time costs, was $119 million, also in line with our full-year expectations of $450 million to $550 million. Note that we made a final cash tax payment of $20 million related to the repatriation of cash from overseas in the first quarter, as costs related to the Rockwood integration continued to wind down. At the end of the quarter, Albemarle's net debt-to-EBITDA ratio as measured by our bank covenants was 3.5 times, down from 3.8 times at year-end 2015. This improvement reflects both a strong first quarter performance in both adjusted EBITDA and on free cash flow and allowed us to retire the $300 million one-year term loan following the completion of the two business divestitures in early 2016. Finally, negative currency exchange impacts, while not as significant as in 2015, continue to affect our results. In the first quarter this year, these impacts reduced net sales by $23 million and adjusted EBITDA by about $4 million versus first quarter 2015, very much in line with our guidance of $10 million to $20 million of adjusted EBITDA impact for the full year. Now, let me get to the details from our business units. But before we get into the numbers, remember that we are reporting in our organizational structure that became effective on January 1. We are now aligned under four global business units. Refining Solutions and Chemetall Surface Treatment are unchanged. The prior Performance Chemicals GBU is now aligned into two GBUs: Bromine Specialties, which encompasses all of our bromine-related business; and Lithium and Advanced Materials, which includes both Lithium and PCS, our polyolefin catalysts and curatives businesses. Let's start with Lithium and Advanced Materials. First quarter net sales were $216 million with adjusted EBITDA of $87 million, resulting in an adjusted EBITDA margin of 40%. Compared to first quarter 2015, net sales were up 9%, and adjusted EBITDA was up 11%. The Lithium portfolio continues to deliver outstanding results. First quarter net sales were up 19% and adjusted EBITDA up 26% compared to the first quarter of 2015. Adjusted EBITDA margins were 47%, the fifth quarter in a row with margins greater than 40%. Overall volume grew in the first quarter by 17%, and pricing improved by approximately 5%. Battery-grade products, as expected, drove the increases, and it helped to overcome headwinds related to lower potash volumes and pricing. Remember that potash is a byproduct of our lithium production in Chile. We have previously discussed our intent to move our customers for lithium carbonate and hydroxide to multiyear contracts. While the initial reception was mixed, we are pleased with our progress to date. More than 60% of our lithium carbonate and hydroxide business is now covered by multiyear agreements, and we expect that percentage to continue to increase in the coming months. We see this as a win-win. Our customers benefit from improved security of supply, and we increase volume certainty and create additional opportunities to adjust price based on market conditions, which will support our capital investments in this business. PCS performed in line with expectations. Net sales were down 6% and adjusted EBITDA was down 16% compared to the first quarter of 2015. But note that last year's first quarter benefited from the timing of customer demand for a key catalyst component. While most of the PCS business continues to meet our expectations, the rest of the year may be challenged due to the bankruptcy filing of SunEdison, a customer in this segment that also has manufacturing facilities located at our Pasadena [TX] plant site and purchases services there from Albemarle. While the bankruptcy is in the very early stages, SunEdison's issues could impact PCS adjusted EBITDA by as much as $10 million this year. First quarter adjusted EBITDA for our bromine-based business was $62 million, up 16% year on year, with net sales up just under 4% to $197 million and adjusted EBITDA margins of 31%. The improvements were driven by better than expected clear completion fluids demand, particularly in the Middle East, timing of some flame-retardant orders, and favorable costs as a result of our synergy projects and lower raw material prices. While we do not expect to see this level of performance for the rest of the year, we were pleased with the first quarter performance across the Bromine portfolio. Refining Solutions reported first quarter net sales of $171 million and adjusted EBITDA of $55 million with adjusted EBITDA margins of 31%. Year over year, sales were down 5%, but adjusted EBITDA was up 30%. Both Clean Fuels Technologies, or HPC catalysts, and Heavy Oil Upgrading, or FCC catalysts, performed in line with expectations. Heavy Oil Upgrading volumes, revenue, and adjusted EBITDA were all up as expected compared to first quarter 2015, which was negatively impacted by an elevated number of customer trials. Though the operating environment continues to be a challenge for Clean Fuels Technologies, the business delivered a solid quarter with improved EBITDA, driven by a better product mix and lower variable costs. Chemetall Surface Treatment net sales in the first quarter of 2016 were $208 million with adjusted EBITDA of $53 million, resulting in margins of 25%. Net sales were up 8% and adjusted EBITDA was up 14% compared to the first quarter of 2015. The business remains on track to expectations and is seeing especially good growth in automotive and coil applications. Regionally, Asia-Pacific and Western Europe continued to lead the growth, with year-over-year growth in China and India particularly noteworthy, which bodes well for the future growth potential of this business. Now, I'll turn the call over to Luke to update our view for the rest of 2016.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Scott. As I said, I'm very pleased with our start to 2016, with all of our businesses delivering adjusted EBITDA growth of double digits on a percentage basis versus the first quarter of 2015. In the second quarter, we expect Lithium, Chemetall Surface Treatment, and Refining Solutions to again show growth versus the second quarter of 2015. Bromine faces a tough comp against the second quarter of 2015 due to the loss of a methyl bromide contract that contributed roughly $15 million in adjusted EBITDA in the second quarter of 2015. PCS will likely struggle to overcome the impact of the SunEdison bankruptcy that Scott discussed. Overall, however, our businesses are outperforming our initial 2016 expectations and are more than overcoming significant headwinds like SunEdison and lower potash volume and pricing. Given that, we now expect 2016 net sales of between $3.3 billion to $3.6 billion, up from $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion at the beginning of the year. We are also raising our adjusted EBITDA guidance to between $920 million and $970 million. Adjusted EPS should be between $3.90 to $4.25, up from $3.45 to $3.80 at the beginning of the year. We told you in early 2016 that we expected to build on the momentum that we have developed across our businesses in 2016. In the first quarter, we did just that and have every expectation that we will continue to do so for the remainder of 2016.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Operator, we are ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before you do so, I would remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time so that everyone has a chance to ask questions. Then, feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura Securities. Please proceed.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning, thank you. Can you discuss your long-term lithium contracts? How far out do they go on average, and what kind of price openers do they typically include?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: How are you doing? This is John Mitchell. Our current agreements are typically three to five years. We will continue to move those to even longer-term agreements as we go forward. And the pricing provisions give us the flexibility to adjust pricing as we see the market conditions change. But I do want to reiterate our position that we want to continue to support the market and its growth. And we're not seeking to exploit any kind of spot market pricing that people seem to talk about, where they see that type of spot market prices in China.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you. And on tolling arrangements, do you expect to sign more arrangements later in 2016, or are you happy with your current portfolio agreements?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: We're happy with the current portfolio of tolling relationships that we have. And those tolling relationships will allow us to continue to support our key customers and their growth and increase the volume growth to those customers.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks, guys, maybe not surprisingly some more lithium questions. Can you tell me what exactly is required going forward in Chile to get your new plant up and running both from a regulatory standpoint and maybe a technological or process standpoint?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Bob. Let me ask a question and then I'll turn it over to John. When you say the new plant, are you talking about the one we're just – we're starting up now?
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, sir.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Okay, go ahead.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. So just to be clear that there's really nothing that stops us from starting up plant number two, which is the new 20,000 metric ton battery-grade expansion. We have the permits in place. It was a very long, expensive, and in-depth permit process. We're very confident that we'll continue to operate under that permit, and we have the ability to increase pumping rates in the Atacama and supply that new investment. So there's nothing holding us back in terms of expanding the capacity of plant number two.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then could you talk a little bit about what you expect on the following plant, and whether it's I guess with the MOU and now you're going to put it in Chile? Does that squelch any plans to create a spodumene conversion plant of your own? And what do you think about the carbonate/hydroxide balance as you look forward to your next incremental expansion? Thanks.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: First off, with regard to converting the MOU to a definitive agreement, that's going extremely well. We hope to have that finalized within the next couple coming months. That MOU and that agreement allows us to accelerate the expansion of La Negra and fully utilize the pumping rates that we're allowed to deliver under the permit. So we're going to be able to increase the capacity of La Negra to around 70,000 metric tons, maybe more than that. That project does not necessarily mean that our spodumene to salt conversion project is going to be cancelled in any way. In fact, we're still in the design phase and we'll continue to develop that project as we see market demand. And so we see that project coming online probably a little bit after 2020, the 2021 – 2022 timeframe. But we see that that's also an important project to be able to meet the needs of the customers. And again, if we see the market demand shifting forward, we have the flexibility to meet that demand.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Bob, if I could just add, this is Luke. If you look at the returns on both of those, they're both very good returns. But the Chile plant, because of the cost position and because you're coming out of Atacama, has a better return. So we have focused on fast-tracking that project and delaying the spodumene conversion project, and also because we have the toll converters that we know we can still supply the customers there. So we feel like that's the best approach to take.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks very much and welcome back, Scott.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Bob. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Matthew Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, good morning. Actually, this is Matt Andrejkovics calling in for Vincent. Thanks for taking the call. Can you just talk about the volume growth that you saw in Lithium? Were there any new customers that you signed up as a function of this contract renewal process, or is that volume growth what you see as the underlying demand for that business right now?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Good morning. This is John again. So out of the 26% increase of adjusted EBITDA, about 17% is due to volume. And we see – there's always a mix of organic growth within the customer base and new customers coming in. But I can't point to one new blockbuster customer that's come into the market that's driven the growth. It's really across the portfolio.
Matthew Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thanks. And then, just in PCS, you hadn't previously listed BASF as a competitor for that business, but you had listed Grace. With their acquisition of BASF's polyolefin catalyst business, do you see any potential change in the dynamics of the industry? Thanks.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: No, that acquisition really doesn't have a bearing with regard to the markets that we're focused on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. David, your line is open. Your phone may be muted. Your next question comes from the line of Jim Sheehan with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed.
James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. So in your raised 2016 outlook, you talked about the benefit in there from having Fine Chemistry Services retained in the portfolio. Could you just quantify how much of the increase in guidance was due to Fine Chemistry? And also, it looks like FX rates have improved versus your initial expectations. Can you break out what the benefit is you see from improved FX headwinds?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: If you really look at the improvement that we've pointed to year over year from our initial earnings, I'll do that and then I'll let Scott talk a little bit about currency. FCS is not going to perform as well in the second half of the year as we forecasted it to perform in the first half of the year in 2016. Plus, we've got headwinds that we've got for SunEdison that we've got in there as well as lower potash pricing and volume. So the view that you ought to have is the increase in our guidance for the year is not only a buildup of a pass-through of our first quarter beat, but in addition to that, overcoming some of the headwinds, but it's very, very – it's a minimal amount in there for the custom services. And Scott, for currency, that would be – can you take that please?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Currency right now, we had forecasted at the beginning of the year a $10 million to $20 million impact on EBITDA. We saw about $4 million in the first quarter. At current rates, we have a little bit of benefit, but we'd still be within the range of our guidance. So we did not adjust our forecast for FX at all. So I think right now, it's still quite a volatile market out there, and it doesn't make sense for us to try to adjust for it at this point.
James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, great. And on lithium pricing, you mentioned the increase there. I'm just wondering. In the battery-grade market, there were price increases denominated at some 15% or so. Can you talk about how much of an actual price increase you're realizing in battery-grade?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: This is John again. I appreciate the question. Our guidance for overall pricing in the Lithium business has been mid-single digits on a percentage basis. Q1 was consistent with that guidance. And of course, we're seeing better pricing on the battery side. Our battery business is about 25% to 30%, but we're not going to distinguish pricing between the different markets at this point.
James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup. Please proceed.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes, good morning. My first question is on lithium. Can you just talk about what's happening to spodumene rock prices out of Talison? And then on the brine side, how much of your sales and profits come from potash?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Okay, this is John again. Hi, P.J. So with regard to spodumene, I think one important thing is that the Talison mine currently provides the spodumene ore to its shareholders, so to Albemarle and to Tianqi. So the Talison mine is not supplying spodumene ore to third parties at this time. So there's no pricing implication, market implication with regard to the Talison spodumene ore. Sorry, your second question again?
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Potash.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): It was on the potash side. How much are your sales and your profits?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yes, so the potash revenue represents about 5% of our overall business. Typically, it doesn't have much of an impact. However, with the pricing situation, we could expect a few million dollars of impact just given the pricing and demand of potash, hoping for a recovery toward the end of the year.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And then secondly, can you talk a little bit about bromine pricing, and so a little less elemental bromine versus brominated flame retardants versus what you're seeing in clear brine pricing? Thank you.
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: P.J., this is Raphael Crawford. I think our general view on pricing for 2016 is general stability year over year. There is increased pricing, slightly higher than what we saw earlier in the quarter in China for elemental bromine. Some of that has moved into derivatives in China. The rest of the world is fairly stable with exception, as you mentioned, of the completion fluids business, where we see pricing pressure on that business around the world.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Raphael, can you quantify that a little bit more?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: It's hard for us to quantify. I'll answer this. We don't want to quantify it, to be honest with you. And the reason we don't want to is because you almost have to go customer by customer, product by product. In any type of quantification that we would give, you worry it's going to be misleading because it is so specific to customer, region, and product, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. With high-yield rates continuing to normalize, why do you think private equity wasn't willing to give you an acceptable bid for the Fine Chemical business?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I have no idea. I can't give you an answer for that. We're going to keep it and run it. Why they would or why they wouldn't, it wouldn't meet our expectations. So we're going to keep it. We're going to continue to operate it. And hopefully, it's a steady business. I've got confidence in the new leadership team that we've put in there. And hopefully, we'll never have to talk about it on a call like this again, so that's the goal.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thank you. And then the bromine clear completion fluids business was down less than expected. Has it actually stabilized, or are you still expecting it to decline sequentially going forward?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: This is Raphael Crawford, John. We expect it to decline in the second half of the year. It was stronger for us than what we had previously indicated. That was really because of the regional mix, much stronger for us in the Middle East than in the Gulf of Mexico. As you know, we have a strategic advantage with our site in Jordan on the Dead Sea, and that enabled us to capture some additional volume in the Middle East.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Do you have visibility to where it would stabilize, or I guess given the first quarter surprise, you maybe don't have that visibility?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: We think – all the indications we get from our customer base as well as what we read into from forecasted E&P spending is that it will be down in the second half of the year.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global Securities. Please proceed.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hello.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: I was wondering if you could talk about how much of a contribution you're seeing from the GreenCrest products as you shift away from HBCD. How much of a revenue or margin benefit are we seeing in the bromine business there?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: This is Raphael, Mike. So the GreenCrest piece is a strategic product for us. That is, we have announced recently that we have discontinued HBCD, and we are focusing on GreenCrest for those applications. That is still a relatively small part of our portfolio but growing at a fairly fast clip in 2016.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: The other thing I'd add on that is we make less profit on this product than we did on HBCD just because of the volume and because of the cost position of that product, royalties that have to be paid to the owner and such things like that. So it's not – from what HBCD was, it is a negative as opposed to a positive.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right, thank you. And then I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the cadence of FCC volumes this year. I know you have a big customer that's going to roll off eventually and you're working to replace those volumes, but any sense of how we should be forecasting and modeling the FCC business going forward? Thanks. (33:58 – 34:05)
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: This is Silvio. On your first question, the cadence of the volume for this year is probably determined by the fact that there is, on the one hand, a strong gasoline market, which determines good utilization of the majority of units all over the world. On the other hand, compared to last year, there were no additions this year or commissioning of any new units. So in essence, there is a stable number of assets there that's all being run at a good pace. And this is driven by the fact that there is good gasoline demand all over the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Kallo with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Benjamin J. Kallo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, Luke, Scott, Matt, and John; two questions. First on the catalyst business, both FCC and HPC, can you guys talk about the pricing environment, if we are entering, in your opinion, truly a new cycle where you can push on some price maybe with the backdrop of where oil has come off its lows? And then the second question is for Scott, and welcome back, Scott. How do you think about your current capital structure, especially as your stock price keeps increasing? Anything you can do around the debt side or equity side to help you guys delever faster than you had anticipated? Thanks.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay, this is Silvio again. On the FCC pricing, we have announced an increase earlier in the year and have been clear on the specific reasons for doing so. That has not changed. We are working on implementation. You know that it's going to take some time before we're going to see the results of it. It's probably too premature to express on where things are heading, but we have had some minor successes so far. And we are confident that over a period of two or three years that the price increase will come through.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Then on the...
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hold on one second, Scott. He asked about HPC too, Silvio as well.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. On the HPC, you know that the metals are playing a vast or a big part in the price setting for those products. So price to some extent is determined by the volatility of the metals prices. And for the rest, there is no downward pressure whatsoever on the pricing.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: So if I could add to that, that metals is generally a pass-through. So it may impact your margins somewhat, but it won't impact your actual profit that you would make off that when you see these pass through. On FCC and on HPC catalysts again, as we've said, as long as we can deliver the technology that helps the refinery make more money, to have more throughput, to be more efficient in their operations, we can get a pass-through. We can increase prices because we're helping them make more money, and that's our goal. That's the industry's goal. We want to help refineries make more money, and then we want to get a piece of it. And that's what we're working hard to do, to push through these price increases, and we feel good about where we are with that. So, Scott, sorry to interrupt, but the capital structure and deleverage.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yes, so I'm happy with our capital structure and its readiness, if you will, for deleveraging. We were able to borrow for the transaction of Rockwood as well as refinance the debt that we took over from Rockwood at very favorable rates. We have in place a term loan now. The remaining term loan, it's about $900 million that's fully pre-payable. It's due in 2019. So we fully expect that that will be the target that we use to go down. And frankly, we just need to execute on converting these great EBITDA margins into cash, and we'll be well placed. So I think we're in great shape, and you'll continue to see us delever.
Benjamin J. Kallo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good morning, thanks for taking my call. Can you talk a little bit about the decision to separate Bromine into a separate division? And what can we take away from that as far as your future plans for that business, and why do you think it's better to be run outside of the Performance Chemicals division?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: So if you look at it – I appreciate the question. First of all, you shouldn't read anything into it. But if you look at the Lithium business, the Lithium business has significant growth opportunities before it. It will require capital in order for us to achieve the type of growth that the entire industry is going to have and maintain our leadership position in that. Bromine is a much more mature business, and it requires it to be run differently. So we're going to run Bromine not for growth, but we are going to maximize the cash that we get out of that business to fund Lithium. And I think it takes two different focuses to run those businesses. One is all about growth and delivering these great opportunities we have. The other one is ensuring our cost structure is where it needs to be, maintaining what we have, ensuring that we are a solid supplier, achieve growth where possible, but run it for cash. It requires two different focuses. And to us, it made the most sense to do that. In addition, whenever we were speaking with investors, after the transaction we were going around, there was a clarity from our major investors that they wanted to see transparency on how Bromine was doing, but mainly how Lithium was performing versus what we said and what we thought it was going to do. So we thought that given the two different focuses of the leadership teams as well as the request for clear transparency from the investors, this made the most sense to operate in that regard, Dmitry.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Look, I appreciate that commentary. Secondly, you talked about raw materials coming down in pricing in your refining catalyst business. Was that the metal price that you referred to, and should we expect to see your sales price come down? So again, no impact on profitability, but should we be looking at perhaps a lower top line as you pass through these lower prices?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yes, as a general rule, Dmitry, that's exactly right.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, two questions. First, on bromine, are you seeing any end markets for bromine derivatives actually improve? And are we at the point where the electronics contraction is offset by the data server demand versus flame retardants? And then a strategic question, it's obviously a long way off, but what do you think would need to fall into place for you to consider another large transaction? What would be your criteria?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Okay, I'm going to let Raphael take the first.
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: This is Raphael Crawford. So on your question on end market demand for bromine, the largest market for us is brominated flame retardants [BFR], and the largest piece of that is going into electronics. So far, we're seeing a relatively flattish outlook for BFRs into electronics. There are some things going up and some things going down. As you mentioned, server demand is up. We're expecting, at least from what we've seen in published reports, that to be up 8% in total server demand year over year. But offsetting some of that is a low single-digit decline in PCs and TVs year over year. So on the balance, it's relatively flat. When we do look at some of the other indicators, so for example, Bishop & Associates puts out a Global Connector Confidence Index. That's at about 76 right now, and anything north of 50 tends to be a positive sign for electronics. So we're cautiously optimistic. But so far, the indications we get from our customers looks relatively flat to slightly positive.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: On your second question, the criteria for us to do another large acquisition, Laurence, we need to follow through on this one first. We've still got to finish the integration. We've got to capture those synergies that we talked about. We've got a lot of focus on getting more efficient as a company, and we'll do that. We need to pay down our debt. We made a commitment that we were going to deleverage, and we need to do that. That will take us probably through the end of 2017, early 2018, that kind of range to pay off, to deleverage. And we need to follow through on the capital plans for Lithium and the growth. So I don't see another large acquisition in our future, in our near future, in the next 12 to 18 months. I would assume that we've got our plate full executing on what we are doing. And then, if you fast-forward out then, we're going to look at the kind of acquisition, if we do one at that time, where we would build on the growth that we've got, build on the great technology positions that we would have. But it's really premature to talk about that now because the focus is all about finishing this integration, executing against the strategy we have both with our businesses and the corporation, and deleveraging and cleaning up our balance sheet. So it's really premature to talk about any potential acquisitions.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Perfect, thank you.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. The tax payment of $20 million that you made, is that the end of the tax payments, or is there another $30 million to go?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yes, Jeff, that's the end.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. The second thing is you said that your free cash flow actual is about $119 million, but you've taken $82 million of cash payments related to acquisitions and other in addition to the $60 million in CapEx. So why isn't your free cash flow $30 million?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: When you talk about the $82 million, I'm assuming you're talking about the appraisal shares in the Verition settlement that was a leftover of the acquisition and the transfer shares. Is that correct?
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: In your funds flow statement, you have a line, Cash Payments Related to Acquisitions and Other. What is the $82 million? Is that the settlement amount?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: That's the settlement amount, and that normally does not get captured in a free cash flow calculation. So that's actually in the financing section of the cash, the cash section. So that's the settlement. So that does affect our cash overall. So it does not affect free cash flow, but it does affect our cash overall. And obviously included in our ability – slow down our ability to pay down debt in Q1, it gives us some momentum going into Q2 and the rest of the year.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So that's not included in your actual free cash flow calculations?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: It does not, no. Free cash flow and actual free cash flow is really cash from operations. We do add back pensions and OPEB contributions and subtract CapEx. So those are the components. Other financing activities, pluses or minuses that come through that, would not be included.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch with BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning. I had a follow-up on the MOU in Chile. And I was just wondering if you could elaborate on what the anticipated implications are for your royalty structure and therefore segment margins. I think it's understood that in the prior arrangement your royalty was prepaid, but there has been I think some misinformation about what the implications might be. Thanks.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: So first off, we're not going to disclose the details of the agreement until it's actually signed. But we anticipate that the EBITDA margins for the Lithium business will still be in the range of that 40% over the life of that agreement.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: If the MOU is signed in the way it is, we would start paying royalties in 2017, as we've said. So we hadn't said what amount that is because the agreement is not finalized, but we would see that. So you would be a little bit of a dip in the margins because you're paying some for royalties, but we still expect to have growth. And you've got pricing that will continue. And we would expect to be able to maintain healthy margins in that 40% rate.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And if I could follow up on the Catalyst segment, in HPC specifically you mentioned beneficial mix helping. But last year there was a bunch of – as oil prices have been coming down, there was pressure on the integrateds and there were some deferred change-outs in the refining space. And so I was just wondering now how you see that. Is that generally representing – deferred change-outs generally represents latent demand. I'm just wondering how you see the change-out cadence in 2016 and maybe even into next year. Do you have good visibility based on your order book? Thanks.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, this is Silvio. In essence, I would just hold on to what we communicated earlier. The market is still somewhat nervous in terms of the oil price and how they spend their budgets for change-outs or delaying catalyst change-out. So nothing has changed fundamentally there. However, we see a higher number of change-outs year over year. Within the context of the lower oil price, we have been doing good in securing those volumes. And at the same time, the catalyst that we'll be using had a better mix versus what we had last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wang with Morningstar. Please proceed.
David Wang - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you for taking my question. I have just one on the Lithium business. So the 40% rate that you're discussing for I think maybe the 2020 expansion, is that representative of what the existing Lithium business in Chile is able to achieve? So will you be able to use that to contrast between your cash flows from Chile versus those from the spodumene that you get from Australia?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I'm not sure I understand the question. So today we have margins in Lithium – if you just look at Lithium alone that are in plus 40%. And that's a global average that we have for all of our business, battery, non-battery-grade, everything. It's north of 40%. What will happen, you said 2020. But if the MOU – once the MOU gets signed, then we will pay royalties in 2017. That will impact the royalties from the carbonate and hydroxide produced out of Chile, not the rest of the world. It won't have any impact on spodumene. So you will see some downward pressure on margins because of the royalty that should be able to be offset because of the additional volume we'll be running through as well as price increases. So to model something now into 2020 and try to extrapolate what the margins are out of Chile versus the margins out of spodumene versus the model out of specialties, you're quite frankly just slicing it too thin. We will maintain margins in the general area in Lithium where we are for the foreseeable future.
David Wang - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): All right, great. And as a quick follow-up, can you talk about what you see as the overall dynamics of the business going forward? Presumably, growth on electric vehicle and hybrids actually should benefit though, looking at the business, will eventually be a headwind for the catalyst business. So can you talk about what you think about the mix of business is I guess in the long run and how you view them relative to each other?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I'm assuming you just asked about catalysts and lithium, so that's the question. I think if you look at the most aggressive assumptions in the marketplace, it would be 3% type of penetration of electric vehicles in the annual sales fleet. There's still going to be the need for hydrocarbons for the gasoline and for the diesel. So we don't see the success of one hurting the other. We haven't seen that with low oil prices or high oil prices. There's been consistent growth for Lithium. And last year, FCC had a record year. So when you talk about – you'd have to see a titanic shift to electric vehicles, to a 50%-plus range, to really see a huge negative impact on our catalyst business, particularly as we see the slate around the world, the crude slate getting heavier and getting more sour. So that will require more catalysts even to process the same amount of crude if it's heavier, if it's more sour. So we love both of the businesses. We think for the foreseeable future that both of them can flourish in the environment and one not hurt the other.
David Wang - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - G.research LLC: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Looking at the bromine market, could you give us a feel as to what the Chinese market looks like and as production comes back on after the end of the winter? What is generating additional price increases on elemental bromine and moving into some derivatives?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Rosemarie, this is Raphael Crawford. As mentioned, bromine prices have stayed higher longer than I think we would have expected coming out of last year and into this year. On the supply side, there are a few things that have affected pricing on elemental bromine. Most recently in February, there were storm tides in the northern coastal regions that damaged pipelines and other infrastructure. And that slowed startup of several units, several operations in China, so that's led to somewhat of a supply shortage. What we saw last year and into the beginning of this year was really lower imports. Imports have resumed back up to 2014 levels, and now we think it's local production. And in Q1, our estimate had been that roughly 30% of the capacity within China was utilized for elemental bromine. But we see a run rate of increased production, which would perhaps double that later in Q2. So we think that on the supply slide, it will certainly loosen up. On the demand side, there were lower inventories of tetrabrome that led to increased demand for bromine. So on the balance, it looks favorable. For us personally, the bromine business in China, the elemental bromine business is not a significant piece of our business. But where we can, we are taking advantage of the increased pricing in China to capture additional margin for Albemarle.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Rosemarie, this is Luke. I think if you listen to any of the – Matt and I went to a couple conferences in the first quarter. And one of the things that we said there was we have seen a slower pickup than anticipated out of production out of China. What I'm anxious to do is get through the summer, get through the second quarter, see where we are in June and July. And what has happened with the production out of China bromine fields, I think we'll know by then. And it will give us a much better feel of whether we've got some opportunities going forward in bromine or whether it's still the steady state that we're looking at today. So I'm optimistic, feel good about what we've done. But I think as it relates to China specifically, we need a few more months just to make sure that what we're seeing is not a blip as opposed to a trend.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - G.research LLC: That is helpful. And so following up on that, if at the moment you are most likely benefiting from the price increases you instituted last year, and that will continue through the end of the summer, at which point we may or may not see additional price increases. Am I looking at this the right way – new ones meaning as opposed to catching up with last year?
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: I think right now we're holding the pricing that we had from last year. And as Luke said, we'll continue to evaluate as we get a few months down the road to see, does the pricing hold out in China and are there opportunities for us to capture more or at a minimum hold what we have.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - G.research LLC: Thanks, and if I may, I have a question on lithium. So you are adding capacity. Oro Blanco (57:50), or however you pronounce that, is adding capacity as well. And it looks as though a lot of small players are coming out of the woodwork more intensely than they were before. Is all of this additional capacity going to affect the pricing of lithium, or do you think that demand is going to be strong enough that you could actually see additional price increases?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Hi, this is John Mitchell. We see supply/demand in balance through the midterm, say, through the next five years or so. And so given that the market is in balance, we think that we should not see a lot of volatility in pricing.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference over to Luke Kissam for closing remarks.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you for your time and your interest in Albemarle. Again, we feel very good about what we accomplished in the first quarter and look forward to continuing the momentum on through the rest of the year.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp. Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp. John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp. Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp. Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.
Analysts: David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co. P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management) Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Jim M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter Four 2015 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Emma, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt Juneau. Please proceed, sir.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you, and welcome to Albemarle's fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation, and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Raphael Crawford, President – Bromine Specialties; Silvio Ghyoot, President – Refining Solutions; Joris Merckx, President – Chemetall Surface Treatment; and John Mitchell, President – Lithium & Advanced Materials. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all non-operating or special items. Reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. Finally, all year-over-year financial comparisons are based on pro forma 2014 results as shown in the April 2015 8-K to facilitate a cleaner comparison. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke to summarize 2015 performance.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Matt. 2015 was a year, in which we began the transformation of Albemarle with the acquisition of Rockwood. It was the year of change, integration and most importantly, execution and performance. We laid out our goals for the year in early 2015: integrate the Rockwood businesses; achieve $50 million of synergies; deliver adjusted EBITDA between $935 million and $1 billion; deliver adjusted free cash flow of $450 million to $550 million; and divest non-core assets. We delivered on all of these objectives and raised our dividend for the 21st consecutive year. The Lithium and Chemetall Surface Treatment businesses we acquired exceeded our initial 2015 profitability expectations. In total, as forecasted, the company generated $959 million of adjusted EBITDA, and $506 million of free cash flow before one-time items. Excluding negative currency exchange impacts, Lithium, Chemetall Surface Treatment, Heavy Oil Upgrading, and PCS each grew adjusted EBITDA by greater than 10% versus 2014. We completed the sale of the Metal Sulfides business in January and of our Minerals business at the beginning of February 2016. Neither of these businesses were core for us. And the proceeds from those sales have already been applied against our debt, allowing us to retire a roughly $330 million in debt. As a result, our net debt has been reduced to about $3.3 billion, as of early-February, in line with our expectations. This is an important step toward our goal of reaching our net debt-to-EBITDA target of 2.5 times by the end of 2017. In 2015, our focused efforts on integrations and synergies allowed us to reduce costs and become more efficient without negatively impacting our businesses in any way. In total, our team achieved $60 million of synergies-related savings in 2015, 20% above our original commitment. On a full year basis, synergies achieved in 2015 will deliver savings of roughly $88 million in 2016, putting us slightly ahead of schedule and leaving only $32 million needed in additional synergies to reach our goal of $120 million in savings in 2016 as compared to 2014. We already have identified projects in place that give us confidence that we will achieve this goal. Finally, we strengthened our industry-leading Lithium business by reaching three critical milestones. First, we completed and started up our new 20,000 metric ton battery-grade lithium carbonate plant in La Negra, Chile. Second, we received a new permit, which allows us to significantly increase brine pumped at the Salar de Atacama to speed our expansion plans for battery-grade lithium derivatives. Third, we announced a memorandum of understanding with Corfo which will extend the life and increase the volume of our lithium quota in Chile. Once the definitive agreement on the quota is signed, which we expect in the next few months, we will have significantly increased our permitted annual production capacity of lithium carbonate from the Atacama brine source to more than 70,000 metric tons. The definitive agreement will increase both the quantity of lithium that we can extract from the Salar de Atacama and the expected lifetime of our secured reserves in Chile to 27 years from the beginning of 2017 based on about 70,000 metric tons of annual production capacity of lithium carbonate. The combination of the permit and the increased quota further cement our leadership position in lithium and better position us to meet our strategic goal to capture 50% of the incremental lithium growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Matt.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke. For the fourth quarter, we reported all-in diluted earnings per share of $1.55, or $1.03 per share, excluding special items. For the full year, we reported all-in diluted earnings per share of $3, or $3.94, excluding special items. There were a number of one-time special gains and losses during the quarter and the year, including the release of a tax reserve, our normal fourth quarter mark-to-market adjustments for pensions, and matters related to the Rockwood acquisition and refinancing. A full reconciliation of these items for both the quarter and the year can be found in both the earning release and in the earnings presentation posted on our website. Our 2015 effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension, and OPEB items, ended 2015 at just under 25%, 2 percentage points less than prior guidance. In the fourth quarter, we took actions related to the repatriation of cash to the United States that resulted in a lower full year tax rate for book purposes. This resulted in a non-cash earnings per share benefit of about $0.10 in the fourth quarter. Capital expenditures ended 2015 at $228 million, just over 6% of sales and in line with previous guidance. At year-end, operating working capital, including assets held for sale, was 26% of sales, unchanged from the end of the third quarter. Similarly, operating working capital in our core businesses remained at 25% of sales at the end of the year, also unchanged from the end of the third quarter. Combining all of these elements, we generated free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations, adding back pension and post retirement contributions, and subtracting capital expenditures, of $506 million in 2015, excluding one-time synergy, acquisition and tax-related costs. This number is well in line with our guidance of $475 million to $525 million at the end of the third quarter, as we again generated significant cash from our businesses in the fourth quarter. Free cash flow, including one-time costs, for the full year 2015 was $155 million. At the end of the year, Albemarle's net debt-to-EBITDA ratio, as measured by our bank covenants, was 3.8 times, an improvement from our original fourth quarter projection of 3.9 times. Finally, as we've discussed all year, unfavorable currency exchange impacts had a notable negative effect on earnings throughout 2015. For the full year, negative currency impacts related to our businesses reduced revenue by $240 million or 6%, and adjusted EBITDA by $55 million, also 6% compared to 2014. Now, let me turn to business unit performance for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Refining Solutions reported fourth quarter net sales of $200 million and adjusted EBITDA of $53 million with adjusted EBITDA margins of 26%. Sequentially, from the third quarter 2015, sales were up 8% and adjusted EBITDA was down 3%. Both the Clean Fuels Technologies or HPC catalysts, and Heavy Oil Upgrading or FCC catalysts performed in line with expectations. Results were negatively impacted by just over $5 million related to certain reserves taken in the quarter. For the full year of 2015, adjusted EBITDA for Refining Solutions was down 19%, excluding unfavorable currency exchange impacts. All of the decline was in Clean Fuels Technologies. In contrast, excluding years where rare earth surcharges had a significant impact on our results, Heavy Oil Upgrading profits reached a new high in 2015. Underscoring our confidence in the value that our catalysts delivered to our customers, we recently announced a 10% price increase in Heavy Oil Upgrading catalyst. Fourth quarter net sales in Performance Chemicals were $386 million, with adjusted EBITDA of $120 million, resulting in adjusted EBITDA margins of 31%. Compared to fourth quarter 2014, net sales were down 1% and adjusted EBITDA was down 3%. For all of 2015, adjusted EBITDA for Performance Chemicals increased by 10% compared to 2014. Excluding negative currency exchange impacts, adjusted EBITDA growth was an even more impressive 14%, driven by strong earnings growth in Lithium and PCS. Lithium continues to deliver strong results. Fourth quarter net sales were up almost 12% and adjusted EBITDA was up almost 15% compared to fourth quarter 2014. Adjusted EBITDA margins were 41%, the fourth straight quarter of greater than 40% margins. Overall volume growth in the fourth quarter was 14% year-on-year with pricing improving by approximately 3%. Battery-grade price increases and volume growth were again significantly above these averages. For the full year, Lithium delivered adjusted EBITDA growth of almost 19% and adjusted EBITDA margins of 42%. Adjusted EBITDA for our Bromine-based business was $42 million in the fourth quarter. Results were in line with expectations from the beginning of the quarter, as planned end-of-year inventory management had a significant negative impact on profitability. For the full year, Bromine adjusted EBITDA was essentially flat on an as-reported basis and was up 5%, excluding negative currency exchange impacts with better-than-expected volumes in clear brine fluids and overall pricing improvement versus 2014. Finally, PCS, our polyolefin catalyst and carriers business, delivered another strong quarter with both net sales and adjusted EBITDA similar to fourth quarter 2014. Fourth quarter results were above initial expectations due to stronger-than-forecasted sales, favorable raw materials and utilities costs, and the impact of synergies. For the year, PCS delivered adjusted EBITDA growth of 22% driven by sales growth and product mix in our specialty single-site catalyst business and cost savings related to asset rationalization at the end of 2014. Chemetall Surface Treatment net sales in the fourth quarter of 2015 were $208 million with adjusted EBITDA of $54 million, resulting in margins of almost 26%. Excluding unfavorable currency exchange impacts, sales and adjusted EBITDA were up 13% and 26% respectively compared to fourth quarter 2014. For the full year, excluding negative currency exchange impacts, growth was impressive with net sales up by almost 12% and adjusted EBITDA by 14%. Growth was most significant in automotive, aerospace, aluminum finishing, and coil end markets. Regionally, North America and Asia Pacific, where we are benefiting from 100% ownership of the former Shanghai JV, led the way. Western Europe also performed well, especially Germany, Spain and Scandinavia. Now I'll turn to 2016. First, I'll explain the balance sheet items and foreign exchange. And then Luke will cover the business and overall company forecast. We currently expect our effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items, to be approximately 27% in 2016. Note that we do not expect the same rate benefits related to repatriation of cash to the United States in 2016 that we saw in 2015. As a result, we expect our effective tax rate to return to the level originally expected for most of last year. Our capital spending remains firmly under control. And we plan to maintain 2016 spending at a level similar to 2015, or at $230 million to $240 million. Note that this includes growth capital required for Lithium this year as well as maintenance and continuity capital for all of our businesses. Our plan does not foresee working capital improvement, but we do expect to maintain operating working capital in our core businesses at approximately 25% of sales. However, working capital remains a potential source of additional cash for us and we'll continue programs to create incremental improvement over time. Depreciation and amortization will be in the range of $280 million to $290 million, an increase from $260 million in 2015, driven primarily by the impact of our new battery-grade lithium carbonate plant in La Negra, Chile. Corporate costs are expected to be about $80 million, in line with 2015. Finally, we do not expect foreign exchange to have the same negative impact on earnings as in 2015, but we do expect another $10 million to $20 million of headwind versus last year related to exchange rates versus the dollar. And that impact will be reflected in the guidance Luke will provide for each of the businesses. The key driver will be the U.S. dollar-to-euro rate. And given the mix changes in our business since the acquisition of Rockwood, we expect every $0.01 move of the dollar against the euro to impact EBITDA by about $1.5 million to $2.5 million on a full-year basis. Now I'll turn the call back over to Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: 2015 ended and 2016 has begun with continued economic uncertainty around the world. The impact of low oil prices on the global economy, worries about economic weakness in China and other emerging economies, questionable growth prospects in the U.S., Europe, and Japan, and currency fluctuations all underscore this uncertainty. Despite this uncertainty, we still expect growth in most of our businesses in 2016. We expect 2016 net sales in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion; adjusted EBITDA of between $900 million and $950 million; and adjusted earnings per share to between $3.45 to $3.80. Recognize that the timing of a potential sale of Fine Chemistry Services creates some additional uncertainty in these ranges. We currently expect the cadence of earnings to be roughly equal between the first and second half of 2016, but note that normal fluctuation in our businesses, such as a large catalyst orders moving from one quarter to another, can have a significant impact on quarterly results. As shown on page 16 of the earnings presentation posted on our website, excluding the impact of the $52 million non-cash foreign exchange gain from the first quarter of 2015 and the operations of the two divested businesses from 2015 adjusted EBITDA, our forecasted 2016 adjusted EBITDA range represents an increase of 3.5% to 9% (sic) [3% to 9%] versus 2015. Overall, adjusted EBITDA margins are expected to be right around 28%, an increase from 26% in 2015, as we continue to improve the quality of our portfolio and the performance of our core businesses. We were just over the midpoint of our 2015 adjusted free cash flow guidance of $475 million to $525 million, which positions us well to meet 2016 guidance that we first provided in September of last year. Specifically, we expect to generate $550 million to $650 million of free cash flow before one-time items related to the acquisition. And $450 million to $550 million including those costs, or more than triple our 2015 actual free cash flow. Turning to each of our businesses. We expect a double-digit percentage increase in Lithium earnings. Volume growth in battery-grade applications continues to be strong. Note that global sales of plug-in hybrids and battery electric vehicles in 2015 increased by 70% compared to 2014. We also expect favorable overall pricing versus 2015. And we continue to enjoy a favorable cost position, given the quality of our lithium reserves in Chile and the Talison joint venture. These factors position us to maintain strong margins that we saw in 2015. PCS is expected to be relatively flat. After a 22% increase in adjusted EBITDA in 2015, we expect 2016 to be a year, where we consolidate and maintain this gain as opposed to seeing much additional growth in earnings. Chemetall Surface Treatment is forecasted to grow adjusted EBITDA by mid-to-high single-digits on a percentage basis. The diversity of our business in various end markets and geographies, combined with the strength of our technologies and our commercial team, will allow this business to continue to grow even in a more uncertain economy. Refining Solutions should return to earnings growth in 2016, with adjusted EBITDA expected to increase by high-single digits on a percentage basis. Although we do have some customers with planned shutdowns that will dampen results in the first half of the year, the low price of oil should continue to drive strong global gasoline demand, benefiting Heavy Oil Upgrading or FCC catalysts. Additional refinery turnarounds should improve Clean Fuels Technologies' results, although we expect continued mix challenges in the business given the operating environment for integrated refiners. For example, certain national oil companies in South America have postponed all hydroprocessing catalyst purchasers, which was originally planned for 2016. In Bromine, as we have previously discussed, our methyl bromide supply agreement expired at the end of 2015 and was not replaced. The loss of this business, combined with an expected decline for clear brine fluids in offshore drilling projects throughout 2016, puts downward pressure on year-over-year Bromine results. Despite this pressure on earnings, we expect this business to deliver free cash flow similar to levels in 2015. We will continue to drive pricing in this business and will aggressively seek cost reduction opportunities to address margins and profitability. With respect to synergies, as previously noted, projects already executed in 2015 would drive calendar year savings of $88 million in 2016 and we have additional identified projects that make us confident in achieving the $120 million in committed savings in 2016 versus 2014. The net productivity number that will flow through the P&L versus 2015 is forecasted to be an additional $40 million to $50 million in 2016. We are currently forecasting to invest in R&D, technology and increased sales coverage in Lithium, Refining Solutions and Chemetall Surface Treatment, given the attractive opportunities we see in those businesses. In closing, 2015 was a year, in which we delivered on our commitments and began the transformation of Albemarle. In 2016, we will continue that momentum. Our focus is clear. We will continue to drive superior performance in our industry-leading businesses and use the cash generated from those businesses to deleverage, return cash to shareholders via dividends, and invest in the key growth opportunities we see before us.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Operator, we are ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before you do so, I would remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time, so that everyone has the chance to ask a question. Then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups, if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: Okay. So the first question comes from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, Luke and team.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, David.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, Luke. Just on Lithium, what was pricing up in Q4? And what do you think it will be up in 2016?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I will give that to John Mitchell here. He asked – the question he has, John, was pricing, what was it up in the first quarter and what do we see for the full year?
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I'm sorry. What was Lithium pricing up in Q4, Luke, and for 2016?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Oh. I misunderstood. I'm sorry.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Q prices in – or prices in Q4 were more favorable than beginning of the year. So we're starting to see a pickup in prices that started, say, towards the end of Q3, beginning of Q4, and we'll see more favorable pricing going into 2016 than 2015.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Fair enough.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, David. If you didn't get it, it was a little over, it was about the average, it was about 3% over Europe for the entire Lithium business. Battery-grade was higher than that. And look, we've always said, we got a good pricing environment, but I know we're going to get this question a lot, David. So, let me just address this up front. We are going to price lithium, so that we get value today and so that we are ensuring that this market continues to grow. We are not going to price lithium in such a way that drives the demand out of the market. It's very critical that we do this, because this is the best growth business in the specialty chemical industry and we're not going to get greedy early. We're going to get the value that we need to get. And we're going to price it so that we can allow this industry to continue to grow and achieve the objectives that we had when we acquired the Rockwood business.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very clear. And, Luke, just on FCC, I know you announced a price increase recently, can you discuss the competitive dynamics right now in FCC in terms of some market share shifts that might be occurring and the confidence in achieving that FCC price increase?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think from a competitive standpoint, this is a competitive market. And they're good competitors. We compete on technology. We compete on the value that we deliver to the customer. This is not a commodity that you look at and say, well, capacity is tight, so we can pass through a price increase. That's not how it works. When you deliver a technology and you allow that customer to make more money, you can get a piece of that more money that they're making and drive your pricing. And I think that's how the entire industry views it. So, you will see in my comments that we are investing in R&D to drive that technological advantage to give our customers the ability to make more money and then we'll get the price. Now, as we talked about the last time we raised prices, this is a three-year process, because that's how the contracts flow. So, we've got contracts that fall off this year, some later in the year, some in 2017 and some in 2018. So, you will see a gradual increase in those pricing as long as we're able to deliver that technical superior service that allow them to make more money.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yes.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from the line of Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. This is Ryan Berney on for Bob. Luke, if you could comment or give us a little more detail on the Bromine business implied in your guidance here, can you give us a little more of a sense for what volume and price pieces are there for your 2016 guidance in that business? And then maybe also comment where you see that business in the cycle right now. Are we kind of going to hit the bottom in 2016? Or do you see further downside from there?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think if you really look at the Bromine, what I would say is, remember, we lost that methyl bromide contract. So, it was a profitable business for us and we framed that up last year on what the type of profitability was and we've lost that. So that was a big hurdle to overcome. And then, from a volume standpoint, the big volume play that we're seeing is completion fluids. And what's going to happen to completion fluids during the year, you've got about 25% of the CapEx from the E&Ps are out of the market. They've already announced that. So eventually, that's going to slide out. So those are the two big volumes. I think prices, we've seen – in some packets, you've seen price down a little bit, but overall, prices holding up pretty good and we're getting some price increases across. I think how long it's going to last, whether it's the bottom of the cycle or not, really depends upon completion fluids. And it's a big tail on completion fluids that you need to remember. So, if they start – oil prices pop up and they start putting deepwater rigs back out and the capital budgets come up, completion fluids won't pop right back up for us in deepwater. You will see a lag. So, we're seeing – we're on the tail right now. We're on the tail in 2016, we're still good. In 2017, I can't predict that because I don't know what oil is going to be then. But I think that our focus in Bromine will continue to be what it is in 2016. We are going to drive that business for cash to take that cash to allow us to deleverage to allow us to invest in other growth opportunities. And our business position, our cost position and our technology will allow us to do that.
Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. And then secondarily, given that you now have this MoU with the Chilean government, do you see incremental CapEx in Lithium today as more favorable for spodumene-based material or for your Chilean production that you should be getting here soon?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: John?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: We see it more favorable for the Chilean projects, the brine-based. So we would prioritize those projects over spodumene.
Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar of Citi. Please proceed.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Luke, I agree with you that I think lithium prices should be going up to allow demand growth. Having said that, I would imagine that your Lithium contracts are staggered throughout the year. So how long does it take for your contracts to adjust given what's happening in the marketplace and what should we expect in terms of cadence of pricing?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. If you look at our contracts, all those contracts historically had been annual contracts, so negotiated generally in the fourth quarter for the next year. One of the things that we are trying to do is longer-term contracts with some of our major customers to ensure security of supply in this time. So, there is not a lot of spot market for lithium carbonate or lithium hydroxide that we do. So, if you look at the Asian metals pricing and use that as a crutch to figure out what pricing is and the – it's a bad one. You should not do that. You shouldn't look at that, because there's not enough spot lithium carbonate sold. This is a contractual negotiation that we have in the fourth quarter and they last generally for the full year. We are trying to change that to a longer term and I think we'll have some success in that, but there's not the opportunity. Once they're set, they're pretty well set, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And then when you say longer-term contracts, would you have more price escalators along the way?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah...
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And then, similarly on spodumene, if I just may ask that, how much of that is toll-converted in China and would you keep more of the benefit versus the tolling guys keeping the benefit?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. P.J., I had a hard time understanding the question. I think what you said is what about spodumene pricing? How contractually is that done and then is most of the spodumene toll-converted in China – or converted in China. I'd say, John, the very bulk of the spodumene is converted in China today. Is that correct?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Correct.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: And then, I'd also say that those contracts are generally annual contracts as well. But look, we're getting price year-over-year. We're getting good pricing movement. And we're also working with our customers to ensure that we can get the value we need for the investments that we're going to make and the benefits that we're providing and also allow the cost of that lithium ion battery to work down that cost curve, because the lithium ion battery, I think, if you look at 2015, for the last 15 years, it's declined about 14% a year. Lithium is really only about 2% of the cost of a battery, but it's critical into the applications that they have. So, we're going to work to make sure that we're getting the value to justify the capital investments and the costs that we're going to have to bring these great reserves to the market to continue to be able to power this lithium revolution and grow that market.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. And I just want a clarification of what you just said. You said you're looking for longer-term contracts. Does that mean that you're looking for contracts more than one year and...
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): ...price escalators along the way.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Right. But there will be price-ups, just like in other contracts. And they would be – that's what we're trying to do. We're trying to offer our customer in this tight market, our top customers, security of supply. That's what they want. They want the security of the supply, and they want the quality of the product. So, we are trying to ensure that we can provide that to those, and to those who are entered into, are concerned about that as I would be, that we're seeing good receptiveness to that.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. There is an outstanding litigation over the Rockwood transaction where I think there is 882,000 shares that want some kind of cash remuneration. Is that an event that's likely to be resolved in 2016?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: It was resolved in early January.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: It was resolved in early January. And was there a cash payment that was made?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yes, there was.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: How much was that?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: $82 million, right in line with our expectations.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: $82 million. Okay. And then, secondly, in your waterfall forecast, I don't see any change for the All Other segment. Is the All Other segment in 2016 likely to be similar or not similar in terms of EBITDA or operating profit?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: All right. So, we've got the divested businesses in there, so we divested those two businesses, around $40 million of EBITDA that we would see. So, really if you look at 2015 to 2016, if we had those businesses that we divested, we'd be pushing $1 billion on the high end of our range from an EBITDA standpoint. But those businesses are not in 2016.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. So, the EBIT was roughly, I don't know, $36 million this year. So, for modeling purposes, for next year the number should be negligible.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Jeff, this is Matt. Let me take that. If you look at the way to think about that, the one business that remains in All Other is Fine Chemistry Services, right, as we start 2016?
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: And if we were to guide you on that, we'd probably guide you to a number similar to the contribution in 2015, which is in that, let's say, in the $10 million to $15 million range. And you ought to think of that as more of front-end-loaded in the way the year is likely to progress. And as Luke noted in the call – in the script, there is uncertainty in that depending on the timing of the divestiture on FCS.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So $10 million to $15 million is EBITDA or EBIT?
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: That's EBITDA.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Good. Thank you so much.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Sorry, I misunderstood the question, Jeff. My bad.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Not a problem. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Tyler Frank of Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management): Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yes.
Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management): Can you comment on what you're seeing for demand for brominated flame retardants? In your expectations, overall pricing in the market, and potentially give a little more color on how you're being able to pass through price increases, and your thoughts about price increases going forward?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I'll give that to Raphael Crawford.
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. This is Raphael Crawford, Tyler. So, from an overall demand standpoint, of course, the electronics market, electronic connectors is a big piece that would drive brominated flame retardants. The outlook for that is relatively flat for 2016, and that's what we're hearing from industry sources as well as from our core customer base. With regard to pricing, it is within our strategy to continue to look for opportunities to drive price when able. Right now, it's relatively flat on the BFR market. That's our outlook for 2016. But when able, we'll take the opportunity. It's – as Luke had said on our strategy for Bromine, it's all about driving cash flow, and when market conditions allow, we'll look for price in that market.
Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management): Great. Thank you. And then, just looking ahead to 2017, in terms of cash flow, do you expect the free cash flow to continue to step up in 2017? And are you on track for your long-term deleveraging targets?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Tyler, this is Luke. We're on track. And I would expect it to step up.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: And just remember, Tyler, the last, the major one-times related to the acquisition will not be in 2017 numbers. So, you still got $100 million to $125 million of synergy costs, tax repatriation costs in our 2016 guidance for reported free cash. We expect that to really finish in 2016. So, you got a benefit naturally just from that.
Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management): Right. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Chris Kapsch of BBC Capital Markets (sic) [BB&T Capital Markets].
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Yeah. Chris Kapsch, BB&T Capital Markets. Just a follow-up on the waterfall on page 16. Looking at the bridge, if you look at the core business growth that you anticipate, I assume that includes synergy capture of $70 million to $100 million, not including that incremental spending on growth initiatives in your growth year businesses. Could you just talk about what you see would maybe push that number to the high-end of that range? And conversely, what are the risks in your businesses that could result in something coming in towards the low end of that range?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, we included the net amount. So, we took the synergies we were going to capture and netted it down from the spend and then included that. So, that's net synergies in there as well as – no, no. I'm sorry. We netted it out that increased business resources you see there. So, on the high end, if completion fluids stay at 2016 levels, which I don't expect, you could see some increase on the Bromine side. From a Lithium standpoint, we're pretty well sold out. So, if we were to get some more incremental sales out of our La Negra plant in 2016 toward the end of the year, we can say a little bit of a benefit there. There is a lot of – there are some of our customers that are looking at their businesses today and trying to understand whether they put all turnarounds or not. So, we always have in the oil, particularly in the integrated businesses, are they going to push out of the year, are they going to push out of the quarter. So, catalyst is always at a time like this when oil is at this rate, what's going to happen to the capital and the turnaround for the integrated refinery. So, those would be the big numbers that I see pushing back and forth. I think, Surface Treatment feel pretty good about where they are there and the ability for them to come in at the forecast but not a whole lot of upside or downside there, maybe a little bit, but not it's going move the big needle across for the corporate. But those were the top ones that I would say.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. That's helpful. And if I could follow up on your comments about the Lithium business, and so your objective to provide your customers security of supply and quality, just if you could comment on the strategy on the toll conversion over in Asia, how does that play into these objectives and does is it also – and if you could talk about the impact on either margin dollars or margin percentages? And does this strategy allow you to capture a disproportion amount of the growth? Thanks.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think the strategy has always been, today, we don't own a conversion facility that allows us to convert that spodumene to hydroxide and carbonate. So, the strategy that we're going to employ as we build up more carbonate, as we build up more hydroxide is use that as swing volume. So, we will do that in a way to meet the market demand with that tolling, allow us to meet the current demand. And then at the appropriate level that we see the market has developed, we'll invest capital and bring that in-house. So, we're using that for swing volume strategy. And I think it's the right strategy for us as we look to be conscious with the capital, the timing, and the amount of capital that we are spending in this business. It will have an impact on margins, obviously, because we are spending some of those – we're paying obviously a fee for the conversion. But I still expect, as a pure Lithium stand-alone, we've been over 40% margins for six straight quarters, and I would expect we'd certainly be in that range for 2016 as well. Operator, I think next question.
Operator: Yes. The next question comes from John Roberts of UBS. Please proceed.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Could you comment on the volume trends in the non-battery side of the Lithium business?
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. The volume trends, I have been consistent – I mean, many of those markets are growing at GDP rates. That's what we've previously communicated and we see no change in those other markets.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, is the Lithium MoU conversion to affirm contract that you expect in 2016, is that a relatively routine process or is it more involved in that?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: We've got to negotiate a full agreement. So, I think anytime you go from an MoU to a full agreement, there are matters that weren't addressed in the MoU that need to be addressed. But we have the framework and we're confident we're going to get to that agreement.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Yes. Good morning. This is actually Matt Andrejkovics calling for Vincent. Thanks for taking the call. Just wanted to focus a little bit on catalysts. You talked about a high number of trials at customers on Heavy Oil Upgrading. What specifically is driving that? Is that their customer turnaround cycle or maybe they've delayed and then you're just getting kind of like a buildup of trials this year or is it maybe specific performance that these customers are trying to seek out? And then also on Clean Fuels Technologies, what's driving the increase in change-out? Again, is that just customers delaying? And then just collectively, how far can customers delay effectively, if all customers keep delaying, eventually, you're going to get kind of a bottleneck within the industry. I'm just wanted to see how that would work out as you look out the next year or so. Thanks.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, I'm going to let Silvio Ghyoot who runs our Refining Solutions to take that second question, and then I'll take the first.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Matt, this is Silvio. The change-out of the HPC units are, in essence, inherently related to the operations of the unit itself. So like we mentioned before, the business is pretty lumpy. However, if you still have activity on your unit, you could postpone that for a while or you could be processing different oils. So, there is a bit of a stretch on that change-out. But in essence, it's a coincidence that so many units to go inside at a given moment or do not go inside at all.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. And from an FCC standpoint, I think one of the things is that in this time of oil being down, every refiner out there is trying to squeeze as much profit as they can out of every unit that they have. And as a result, they're going to be testing to see if there's another catalyst out there that gives them an advantage over a catalyst they're using. I want to make sure you understand it. If we have a three-year contract to supply an FCC catalyst to a unit, the catalyst that we're supplying at the end of that three-year period can be very different than a catalyst we're supplying at the beginning, because our people in there, with that unit, on a daily basis, making sure they understanding the change in this crude slide, the change in the operating rights, the change in the pressure drop, all of those things and tweaking and changing that FCC catalyst so that we're getting them the best, the best performance they could have so they can make more money. So, it is – they are looking for that every time. And they bring in test catalysts from other people because they want to understand if they're really doing that. The only way they know to do it is to work it in that specific unit. So, we welcome that. That's why we invest in technology, that's why it's a great business to be and if you've got a technological advantage and we're excited about it and we were looking forward to a great 2016. And the other thing on HPC, remember HPC was down in 2015 fairly significantly. So, we're planning a big uptake the but not in 2014 levels.
Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, man.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov of Nomura Securities. Please proceed.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Going back to your pending Lithium agreement. Could you discuss how it might impact your production cost in Chile, including the fee that you'll be paying to the Chilean Government? And maybe, if you can talk about costs specifically, how should we think about your margins going forward? And maybe in 2017, should we expect a meaningful step-down in margin or should we expect some stability there?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. What I would say is there'll be no impact in 2016. And we need to get the agreement finalized to make sure we understand all of those positions. And we'll give you an update on what to expect for 2017. You should not expect a meaningful downturn, not significant. This is still going to be a significantly high margin business. And even with any royalty we will pay, we will still be the world's best cost position from a lithium standpoint. And as – and we will use that to continue our market leadership around the globe.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you, Luke. And on FCC catalysts, the price hike, how much of that is in your guidance? I think your slides mentioned that you don't expect much of a price contribution this year. Is there potentially upside, if you realize more than zero?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. There is a little bit of an upside, if we were to realize it. Not much is baked in. There's a little bit baked in, a little bit year-over-year price improvement, but not a significant amount. So it possibly could be an upside. But the way the contracts roll, it's – we're trying to present what we think is a likely case. And a likely case is we're not going to see much in 2016.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: All right. Thank you very much.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, man.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison of Seaport Global Securities. Please proceed.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: On the last call, Luke, you had noted some Bromine weakness related to inventory management. It sounds like that kind of played out during Q4. You also had a competitor in December that was talking about some tightening in Chinese supply and demand driven by increased regulatory pressure. You maybe had some weather-related issues impacting some of the Chinese production of bromine. Can you just help us kind of parse through these issues and get a little better sense of what you are seeing in supply and demand in China right now?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Sure. Let me – I'm going to turn it over to Raphael Crawford to go through that and talk specifically about China. But remember, we did talk about the bromine destocking, if you will. We saw that from our customers as we always do in the fourth quarter. And Albemarle, specifically, we operated our assets at a much slower rate that had a negative impact on our earnings to match that. But I'm going to let Raphael talk to you specifically about China.
Raphael Crawford - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Hey, Mike, thanks for the question. Actually, I was hoping somebody would ask this, having just personally returned from China. So, we do seem – as you've noted, there has been an increase in the bromine price in China throughout 2015 that was driven by tightness in local supply. It's our view, and also we had commissioned some external research through (52:18) that corroborated our view, which is really that there's a few different pieces to it. One of them is, depending on the area, bromine production in China was suspended three separate times: weather-related, safety and environmental, some of that was the Tianjin explosion, as well as the military parade in Beijing, as well as the annual winter shutdown. So, up to 25% of the market – of the capacity was shut down in China at some point throughout 2015. But on an annualized basis, according to the research that we commissioned, it really amounted to about 10% of total production. A big driver to this, and I think it's also been noted by others, is also the reduction year-over-year in imports in the end of 2015. So the inventory drawdown in China had an impact on price as well. And that was up to a 30% year-over-year reduction in imports in the back half of 2015. And that has somewhat of a lag effect on pricing. It's our view that as the winter shutdown ends, end of February, beginning of March, we will start to see prices come back down. So, post-winter shutdown, and as imports are resuming, we also think that that will put downward pressure on what's currently a high price for bromine in China. That being said, we are taking the opportunity where we can to capture price on derivatives in China. We haven't seen much of an effect outside of China, but it is our strategy to have a position in China, and we are doing what we can currently to capture additional price opportunity in that market.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Right. And if I could ask a question on Surface Treatment, just curious, you've done the consolidation of the Shanghai business. What other opportunities are you seeing in terms of M&A to bolt on some businesses? I know that's a fairly fragmented market.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think we wouldn't speak to any specific opportunity that we would see out there, but suffice it to say that – and Joris is on the line, but we've got a list of opportunities that are in various stages of review and discussion, because I think part of the small bolt-on acquisitions have been a key to the growth strategy over the years and we'll continue to do that and look at that. Most of them have been small from a dollar standpoint and fairly rapidly accretive. So, we've got a list, there are opportunities out there. And we'll be wise and prudent with our ability to pursue those.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jim Sheehan of SunTrust. Please proceed.
Jim M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. Could you talk about the current price increase in the market for battery-grade lithium? Given your earlier comments on where you see pricing flowing during 2016, do you expect that entire price increase to be implemented or only a portion?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well, there's going to be a negotiation with each customer is what it's going to amount to. But I think we've seen good receptiveness, and we believe that pricing will be up year-over-year. And as we said, pricing for battery-grade is probably going to be higher than that overall price for – if you look at it for the entire Lithium business. So again, it's a negotiation just like it always is with pricing, but the value that we're delivering there is strong. And we feel good about what we've got in our model to push it through.
Jim M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: What was the contribution in the fourth quarter from Talison?
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: You want me to take it?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Go ahead, Matt.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Jim, we never fully break it out, as you know. But if you look in our non-GAAP reconciliations, you can see the equity income contribution from Talison. And it was in line, a little lower as expected in the first three quarters and left us, from an equity income point of view, with an adjusted contribution for the full year of a little under $35 million. We never break out the contribution that comes from our sales of technical-grade spodumene and the tolling. That's within our normal EBITDA, the Albemarle earnings, if you will. Let's just say Talison was up very significantly year-on-year.
Jim M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line Mike Sison of KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Mike.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Luke, you gave guidance for 2016 of EPS $3.45 to $3.80, still well below what Albemarle earned in 2011 and 2012. And I just want to kind of – maybe help us understand what the earnings power you think the new Albemarle, given the portfolio is improved and higher quality, where can EPS go longer term?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well, I mean, I certainly think that if you look at it, from an EPS standpoint, we ought to be able to continue to grow. If you look at the businesses that we have, you've got Lithium that I think – and we've been pretty open about it. We think Lithium, you ought to see high-single to double-digit growth, and our cost position in that will – we'll work ourselves down the cost chain as we're able to get more efficient and bring more capacity online, because we've already got the fixed cost. So, if I look at catalyst, I think long-term catalyst is growth position where you're going to see growth – a lot of it depends upon all, but it really is tied to the demand for transportation fuels. That's what drives it. And that's generally raising 1% to 3% a year, and that's why technology is so important in those businesses, so we can out-earn that. The third piece, if you look at Surface Treatment, they've grown about mid-to-high single digits on a regular basis and I'd expect that to continue. So, when you roll all out that stuff together and we get these synergies baked in and rolled through and get more efficiencies, I don't see any reason we can't get up and see nice year-over-year earnings growth in that kind of range for mid-to-high single digits, which you can extrapolate that out and see what that number will be. But I think the earning power – the other thing I'd say about 2011 and 2012, Mike, is when you look at those numbers, remember you've got still in the 2011, that false demand from a Bromine where we were allocating bromine on a daily basis because of the demand coming out of the 2009 recession. And you've got a lot of pass-through in there related to that rare earth spike and the pass-throughs from that. So, just be a little mindful of the years you pick, but I would say is from where we are today, you should see continued growth in EPS that'll deliver nice shareholder return for our shareholders.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then as quick follow-up, the bridge you gave a $70 million to $100 million in terms of synergies and core business growth, you gave a synergy of $60 million, so that's $10 million to $40 million in core business growth. And that $10 million to $40 million seems a little bit underwhelming, given as you talked about the improved portfolio and so, why is that...
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, you've got some gives and take, Mike. So, you got to look at it and look at the gives and takes. So, let's take a look at it. We said that Lithium business is going to be up high-single digits. We said PCS is going to be flat. So, we're not going to see any growth out of that. We said Surface Treatment is going to be up mid-to-single digits. Refining Solutions is going to be up high-single digits, and you're going to see Bromine down. So, if you look at the core businesses, they're all growing mid-to-high single digits. And so, I think that in an economy like we have today, and with the uncertainty that we have today, that's pretty strong. It's anywhere from 3.5% to 9% (sic) [3% to 9%] growth of our businesses on an EBITDA basis. So, we feel good about that and we think if you look at the cash, there's going to be drop into bottom line on that and the yield of our cash. This is a great investment for shareholders and create real value for the ones that are in there today.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp. Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp. Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp. Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp. Joris Merckx - CHEMETALL GmbH
Analysts: Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management) Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2015 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mark, and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Matt Juneau, Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategies & Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you and welcome to Albemarle's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation, and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Silvio Ghyoot, President-Refining Solutions; and Joris Merckx, President-Chemetall Surface Treatment. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all non-operating or special items. Reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. Finally, all year-over-year financial comparisons are based on pro forma 2014 results as shown in the April 8-K to facilitate a cleaner comparison. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott to discuss our third quarter results.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, we again delivered on both key financial and operational commitments just as we have all year. Financially, our three core GBUs again performed very well, demonstrating the superior quality of our business portfolio. Excluding unfavorable currency impacts, these GBUs delivered adjusted EBITDA growth of 8% versus third quarter of 2014. Adjusted EBITDA margins for the three core GBUs were 31%, up from 29% in the third quarter last year, and 30% in the second quarter of this year, reflecting improved pricing and the increasing impact from synergies. Performance Chemicals adjusted EBITDA increased by over 6% compared to the third quarter of 2014, an 11% excluding the impact of foreign exchange with the Lithium and PCS businesses driving the increase. Chemetall Surface Treatment adjusted EBITDA increased by 5%, and by 16% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. For Refining Solutions, adjusted EBITDA was down just under 12% compared to the third quarter of 2014. It increased by 13% sequentially. Heavy Oil Upgrading or FCC catalysts had another very strong quarter while Clean Fuels Technologies or HPC catalyst results were again impacted by the current operating and competitive environment in refining. Including corporate and the three businesses targeted for divestiture, total company sales in the quarter totaled $905 million, down 9% from third quarter of 2014, with adjusted EBITDA of $235 million essentially flat. Adjusted EBITDA margins increased to 26% from 24% in third quarter of 2014. And excluding unfavorable currency exchange impacts, sales declined by 3%, but adjusted EBITDA increased by 6%. There were several operational highlights in the quarter. Given the success of our integration efforts, we increased our 2016 synergy target by 20% from $100 million to $120 million. We generated $187 million of adjusted free cash flow in the third quarter, bringing year-to-date free cash flow of four onetime items to $405 million. Finally, we completed the refinancing of the $1.25 billion and 4.625% 2020 senior notes assumed in the Rockwood acquisition and has since called those notes in mid-October. At current LIBOR rates, interest savings from the refinancing will approach $40 million on an annualized basis. Before getting into the business details, I'll cover some of the detailed P&L and balance sheet items. Overall, for the third quarter, we reported all-in diluted earnings per share of $0.58 or $0.90 per share, excluding special items. There are a number of onetime special items during the quarter, the largest of these related to the Rockwood acquisition. The inventory step-up resulted in a $0.12 loss per share. Onetime acquisition and integration costs resulted in a $0.24 loss per share. Various land sales resulted in a gain of $0.04 per share. A full reconciliation of these items is in the press release. The projection of our 2015 effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items remains at about 27% in line with second quarter guidance. We continue to expect capital expenditures of just over 6% of 2015 revenue, unchanged from our guidance at the end of the second quarter. Operating working capital ended the third quarter at 26% of sales, unchanged from the level at the end of June. We expect to end the year at about the same level with a potential for slight improvement. Our core businesses actually made good progress in the quarter. Working capital improved from 26% to 25% of sales, working capital dollars improved by $36 million, and we reduced average days of working capital by two. The issues in Fine Chemistry Services offset the core business gains as we built inventory in advance of expected fourth quarter sales. Putting all of these pieces together, free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations, adding back pension and post-retirement contributions and subtracting capital expenditures was at $405 million through September, excluding onetime synergy, acquisition and tax-related costs. Based on the strong free cash flow in the third quarter and our forecast for the fourth, we are narrowing our full year free cash flow guidance before onetime costs to between $475 million and $525 million. Similarly, we are also narrowing guidance for the full year free cash flow including those onetime costs to $175 million to $225 million. At the end of the third quarter, Albemarle's net debt-to-EBITDA ratio, as measured by our bank covenants, was 3.6 times. Our year-end projection is about 3.9 times prior to any impact from the divestitures with the increase from the end of the third quarter, driven by the timing of joint venture dividend payments. Finally, as you can tell from my earlier comments, exchange rates continue to significantly impact our comparisons to 2014. Based on year-to-date results and an updated ranges of $1.08 to $1.12 per euro and ¥118 to ¥123 to the U.S. dollar, we expect negative year-over-year adjusted EBITDA impact of $55 million to $60 million with approximately $45 million of that impact already felt in our first three quarters of the year. Our expected full year impact remains within our previous guidance of $50 million to $60 million with the currency declines against the dollar in emerging markets pushing guidance to the higher end of the range. Now let me turn to business unit performance in the quarter. Before I address our three core GBUs, note that of our three businesses planned for divestiture, Minerals and Metal Sulfides performed in line with expectations in the third quarter and we expect that to continue for the full year. Fine Chemistry Services continues to underperform versus expectations as well as against 2014, with third quarter adjusted EBITDA down by over $20 million versus third quarter 2014. And our forecasted full year adjusted EBITDA is now down by just over $40 million versus 2014 in that business. Refining Solutions reported third quarter net sales of $185 million and adjusted EBITDA of $55 million with margins of 29%. Excluding unfavorable currency impacts, sales and adjusted EBITDA were down 11% and 6%, respectively, versus third quarter 2014. However, sequentially from the second quarter this year, adjusted EBITDA increased by 13%. While Clean Fuels Technologies volumes stabilized and were roughly flat with the third quarter 2014, profitability continues to be impacted by refinery cost-cutting initiatives in the current low oil price environment, weaker product mix and increased competition from euro-based competitors in markets where sales are made in U.S. dollars. Heavy Oil Upgrading, or FCC catalyst, had an outstanding quarter, with sales and adjusted EBITDA both increasing by double-digit percentages compared to third quarter 2014. In fact, excluding quarters where rare earth surcharges had positive profitability impacts, the third quarter set a profitability record for HOU. Our forecast for the refining solutions GBU is unchanged from the end of the second quarter, with full year EBITDA expected to be down roughly 20% versus 2014, with all of the decline in Clean Fuels Technologies. While we saw some volume stabilization in Clean Fuels Technologies, revenue and adjusted EBITDA comparisons continued to be negative compared to 2014. Heavy Oil Upgrading continues to perform at a very high level, exceeding our initial 2015 expectations. Third quarter net sales in Performance Chemicals were $400 million, with adjusted EBITDA of $136 million, resulting in margins of 34%. Compared to last year, net sales were down 4% and adjusted EBITDA was up 6%. Excluding currency, net sales were flat and adjusted EBITDA was up 11%. Results in Bromine and Lithium were in line with our guidance at the beginning of the third quarter, while Performance Catalyst results were stronger than initially forecasted. Lithium sales were up almost 10% with adjusted EBITDA up almost 14% compared to last year. Adjusted EBITDA margins were 41%. The primary performance drivers were the same as in the second quarter, volume growth in battery grade products, increased pricing in battery grade and other lithium derivatives and the impact of the Talison joint venture. Overall volume growth in the third quarter was 14% year-on-year with pricing improving by 3%. Volume growth in battery grade products significantly exceeded the average and battery grade pricing improved by over 6%. Our full-year outlook for Lithium remains unchanged from the beginning of the year, but I want to remind you that fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA is expected to be negatively impacted by JV production timing as we have previously noted. Adjusted EBITDA for our bromine-based business was $59 million in the third quarter, down 6% compared to third quarter 2014 on an as-reported basis, but flat with third quarter 2014 excluding unfavorable currency exchange impacts. Note that last year's third quarter results included a large sale of methyl bromide that occurred this year in the second quarter. Excluding the impact of that methyl bromide sale and currency, adjusted EBITDA actually increased by almost 10% compared to third quarter 2014. While adjusted EBITDA performance was in line with expectations and margins almost reached 31%, net sales were down 14% versus last year on an as-reported basis, and 12% excluding currency. Over half of that decline is due to the timing of methyl bromide sales already noted but, as expected, we saw declines in sales of clear brine fluids compared to both third quarter 2014 and second quarter 2015 and also saw some negative volume impact in industrial bromides and flame retardants as a result of our price increases. Overall pricing in the Bromine portfolio improved by over 6% relative to the third quarter of 2014. And we remain committed to the price increases and to capturing fair value for our bromine-based product lines. Based on volumes in the third quarter, publicly available electronics market data, the current fourth quarter order book and customer forecast in flame retardants, we expect to see some weakening of the Bromine business in the fourth quarter. It is too soon to predict if flame retardant weakness in the fourth quarter reflects year-end inventory management across the supply chain or a reduction in end market demand. In addition, production timing could also negatively impact adjusted EBITDA compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. Given these factors, our full-year expectations for Bromine are somewhat reduced from third quarter guidance. We now see full year performance as flat to slightly down compared to 2014 instead of slightly up. Finally, Performance Catalyst Solutions, which also includes Curatives for reporting purposes, continues to perform very well. Adjusted EBITDA was up 27% compared to third quarter 2014, driven by volumes and product mix and polyolefin catalysts. Our full-year view is further improved by the third quarter results. We now expect adjusted EBITDA to improve by close to 20% versus 2014. Note that we do expect a meaningful sequential adjusted EBITDA decline in the fourth quarter due to the timing of sales and negative impacts related to our joint ventures in this segment. Chemetall Surface Treatment net sales were $212 million, with adjusted EBITDA of $54 million, resulting in adjusted EBITDA margins of 25%. Excluding unfavorable currency impacts, sales and adjusted EBITDA were up 14% and 16%, respectively, compared to third quarter 2014. Performance both in key end markets and regionally was in line with expectations. Automotive, aerospace and aluminum finishing were all strong. Regionally, North America and Asia Pacific, where we are benefiting from 100% ownership of the former Shanghai JV, lead the way. Western Europe also performed well. In emerging markets, we continued to see solid results in China, but sales in Eastern Europe and South America were down primarily due to weakness in Russia, the Ukraine and Brazil. Our full-year outlook remains unchanged with adjusted EBITDA expected to grow by a few percent compared to 2014. Excluding unfavorable currency exchange impacts, adjusted EBITDA is expected to increase by the mid-teens on a percentage basis. Now, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everybody. Before I comment on the businesses and our strategic objectives, I'd like to provide some context on the recent announcement of Raphael Crawford as President of Bromine Specialties and John Mitchell as President of Lithium & Advanced Materials effective January 1, 2016. After an external search and extensive consideration, we came to the conclusion that it was in the best interest of the company to promote Raphael and John. Both have been instrumental in delivering the results we've achieved in Performance Chemicals year-to-date, an adjusted EBITDA increase of 15% through the end of the third quarter. In making this move, we also decided to report what has been Performance Chemicals in two segments starting with the first quarter of 2016, Bromine Specialties and Lithium & Advanced Materials, which includes Lithium and the PCS businesses. As we are already publicly reporting these results for these segments, there is no impact on your ability to model our performance. Other than our not reporting consolidated results for Performance Chemicals, there will be little, if any, change on how we operate. Raphael and John will report to me, their reports remain the same and our focus on delivering superior growth, margins, synergies and free cash flow will not change. I'd like to make some general comments about year-to-date performance. Despite a challenging macro environment including low oil prices, significant foreign exchange headwinds and weak growth in China and other emerging markets, our core businesses have performed exceedingly well. All of our businesses, with the exception of Clean Fuels Technologies and Fine Chemistry Services continue to meet or exceed our expectations from January. We have also made progress against our strategic objectives. First, our integration team has now executed projects that will deliver $60 million in savings in 2015. That represents 20% more achieved synergies than we originally forecasted for the year. On a full-year basis, actions already taken will deliver savings of roughly $85 million in 2016. In September, we increased our synergy target for calendar year 2016 from $100 million to $120 million and remain confident in our ability to execute against identified projects to deliver this level of synergies. Secondly, we are making good progress in our two most strategic capital projects, startup of our 20,000 metric ton battery grade lithium carbonate plant in La Negra, Chile is continuing as planned. We also announced our plans to build a world-scale battery-grade lithium hydroxide into our lithium carbonate plant to convert our share of spodumene production from our Talison JV to these derivatives. This conversion plant will enable us to meet the growing demand for battery-grade lithium derivatives with capacity brought online in increments consistent with that growth in demand. These facilities are key to meeting our strategic objective to capture about 50% of overall lithium growth. Once they are fully operational, we will be the only global player with capacity necessary to support expected growth in both battery-grade lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide, and we will be positioned to succeed no matter which product is required. Third, as Scott highlighted, we continue to demonstrate the cash generation power of Albemarle with adjusted free cash flow before onetime items reaching $405 million through the end of the third quarter. That's 90% of the low end of our full-year forecast. Finally, we announced this morning a definitive agreement to sell the Metal Sulfides business to Treibacher Industrie AG with closing expected in the next two months. We are pleased with the sales price and we'll apply all our proceeds to debt reduction. In addition, we continue to make excellent progress on the divestiture of the Minerals business and are currently in exclusive negotiations with a strategic buyer. Clearly, we have delivered on our commitments year-to-date and we expect that to continue. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we see no change in our outlook for Lithium and PCS. However, as expected, Lithium is forecasted to be roughly flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2014 due to joint venture production and shipment timing and PCS down due to negative impacts related to our joint ventures and shipment timing. Bromine is forecasted to close the year somewhat weaker than expected in July as we are seeing some negative volume impact from weaker to market demand and the effect of our price increases. As Scott indicated, it is too early to predict if the fourth quarter softness is a result of inventory management or true weak end market demand. Nevertheless, we expect Performance Chemicals adjusted EBITDA for the full year to be up by double digits on a percentage basis versus 2014, excluding unfavorable currency exchange impacts. Our Refining Solutions full-year forecast remains unchanged with EBITDA expected to decline by about 20% compared to 2014. We expect continued strong performance in Heavy Oil Upgrading and continued pressure on Clean Fuels Technologies in the fourth quarter. Finally, Chemetall Surface Treatment continues to deliver very steady results, and we still expect full-year adjusted EBITDA to be up by low single digits on a percentage basis versus 2014 and by mid-teens excluding negative impacts from foreign exchange. Based on third quarter results and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we now project full-year 2015 adjusted EBITDA of $940 million to $960 million. This includes $52 million from the non-cash foreign exchange gain which we recorded in the first quarter related to cash on hand after the closing of the Rockwood acquisition and roughly $50 million of EBITDA from the three businesses targeted for divestiture. On an adjusted earnings per share basis, we are narrowing our annual guidance to $3.65 to $3.80 per share. Note that the driver for the reduction in the top end guidance from the second quarter is the poor third quarter performance of our Fine Chemistry Services business and their reduced fourth quarter forecast. In closing, while we will not give 2016 guidance until our next earnings call, based on our financial and operational performance to date in 2015, I am more confident than ever in Albemarle's future. We have a strong business platforms with the right leaders in place to make them even stronger. We are taking steps through our integration and synergy programs and through other strategic initiatives to further improve our performance. Our strong cash generation and disciplined cash management have us on track to deleverage in line with our commitment. All of these factors position us to perform no matter the operating environment and to deliver superior shareholder returns over time.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Operator, we are ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before you do so, I would remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time so that everyone has the chance to ask questions. Then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ons, if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: Your first question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Good morning. Actually, this is Matt Andrejkovics calling in for Vincent. Thanks for taking the call.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Matt.
Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Can you just give a sense of how much of your original – you had an original estimate of headwinds for Bromine, including clear brine fluids earlier in the year. And so, it seems like some of that is creeping in into the back half of this year. But can you give a sense of how much of that original estimate might be lingering as you head into 2016?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, I mean, as we were expecting going into the second half, we were expecting that clear brines would be significantly down based on the CapEx forecasts that were out there, the completions that we're seeing. We're actually seeing somewhat better performance in the second half than we expected. And I think, as you go forward, it's holding up better, primarily on the back of the Gulf of Mexico as well as some of the deepwater fracking jobs that are in the Gulf of Mexico. Rest of world is still quite weak. There's some early signs of improvements in the rest of the world, but, at this point, too early to call in terms of how that all play out. We still expect based on the CapEx spending, the announcements from the service providers as well as the exploration guys that there will be continued declines in this business.
Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then can you indicate how much the acquisition of the Shanghai JV has contributed to Surface Treatments this year? Thanks.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So if you look at Surface Treatment's results for the third quarter, they are up roughly 16%, excluding currency that Shanghai JV contributed roughly 5% to 6% of that growth.
Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask about the Clean Fuels business and at what point does the continued waiting for that recovery turn into a new reality that maybe it will never occur?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Let me – I think on that one, Bob, it's going to recover. They've got to change them out. And they've got to run the units, so that they can't change that. I think if you listened to some of other calls, if – the heavier is it, they have to change out sooner, the distillates and VGO where were stronger, they can delay longer. So, our hurt has been a little more painful than others. But I think, as we've said, I would expect 2016 to be a better year than 2015 for CFT. I don't see it getting any worse.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then you mentioned some pricing power in Lithium. And, I guess, I was under the impression that a lot of those contracts get reset annually. And your competitor, one of your main competitors out there is talking up price quite a bit. So, can you talk about your new plant in La Negra, how you think about that feathering into your revenue base? And then, secondly, what is the stage-gater, what's the make-or-break timing for a decision, what you're going to do with that spodumene conversion plant?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well, from a La Negra plant, we're in the process of start-up. And as we've said, you ought not been modeling much in the way of revenue, any material way till the beginning of 2017. We've got long periods of time both for qualification and to get – it takes a long time to get from brine coming out of the ground to the evaporation process for us to be able to load the plant. So, from a La Negra standpoint for next year, I wouldn't – you ought not model a whole lot of revenue upside from lithium in that, more in the 2017 timeframe. There is no timetable to pull the trigger on the spodumene plant per se. If you want it online in 2019 or 2020, which is the path that we're working on, we'll have decision points along the way, but we've got 12 months or so before we have to make that type of decision. So, it's a 2016 type of decision and we're doing work now to ensure that we're able to make a decision both on timing, location, size, everything else. So, that will be a 2016 type of decision.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Luke, sorry, just to clarify, so in La Negra, there is brine in the holding ponds and you're at just some stage of that 18-month process or just filling into the ponds or...
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. No, no, there's constantly brine in the ponds, but the ponds are in the salar, but, yes, they're in Chile. So, we have it in there as well. But you've got a – that was for existing capacity that we have down there. So, this additional capacity, we need more brine, and we're in the process of ensuring that that's in the pond and we've got enough to allocate where it needs to be.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Your next question come from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Please proceed.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah, hi. Good morning.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hi, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): You know, Luke, you guys raised bromine prices by 30% or announced a price increase. But now today, you're reducing guidance in bromine. So I guess my question is, do you think the strategy of raising prices that aggressively could backfire?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, it could always backfire. I mean, I think we've been clear that we've lost volume. We've lost volume in the bromine world. And we've got to price for value. So, you can't ever second-guess those decisions. We've got models that indicate and we can show you how today we believe we're better off financially from raising the price. If you look at our expectations for bromine at the beginning of the year, it's overperformed. A piece of that outperformance is the increase in pricing that we've been able to achieve, and a piece of that has been clear completion fluids have been stronger than we anticipated. So, I don't look back on it and think it was a bad decision. I think you've got to be able to adapt to the marketplace and you got to get value for your products or there's no sense coming to work.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah, just on that, is that – you're losing volume, is that sort of low-end volume that you are losing or is that because competitors aren't going along with the pricing?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: It's – all I would have would be anecdotal on that. I mean when you're losing volume, if you're losing volume, you're losing it to somebody. So, you got to listen to the other conversations that are having on the analyst calls and see whether they are up or whether they are down or what they are. And then I think, end of the year, you always see a little weakness in bromine. So, we see that every year, people start taking down the inventory levels and that – and people are generally worried about what's going on in the world and what's going on in China, are we getting ready to roll into a problem. So, they don't want to be stuck with a lot of inventory on year end. So, I'm not too worried about the bromine right now today. I think we're in good shape. Glad we took the steps that we did, and we'll play out to see whether or not this is a inventory adjustment that's going to pick up next year or whether it's true demand. And either way, we're going to be prepared to maximize the profitability of the business.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. And just for my second question on free cash flow. You talked about roughly about midpoint of $500 million of free cash flow next year. Maybe you can talk about what are puts and takes on that. And if you want to get leverage down, would you consider selling Surface Treatment at some point? Thank you.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: So, on the free cash flow comment, the $500 million midpoint is really for this year, P.J. We're actually expecting an increase next year. And a lot of that's on the back of reduced one-time costs, also the reduced interest costs that we have and underlying business performance including synergies. And so, all of those components coming together will allow us to grow our free cash flow next year in a variety of different business conditions. So we feel good about that lever continuing to show through next year. And, Luke, do you want to talk about the...
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. If you look at it, we don't need to sell any of these business to hit our deleveraging target. So, it's not a question of do we need to sell something to hit our deleveraging targets? I'm confident that we will deleverage without the need to do that.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Operator?
Operator: Your next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, David.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, Luke, staying on bromine. Why do you think competitors aren't supporting your price increase?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, David, I didn't say all competitors weren't supporting our price increase. What I said is, we're losing volume on price. So, I think that everybody has got a different situation, some people – Chinese are moving it at cash cost. And their cash cost hasn't gone up as the amount of our price increase. So, we knew there's a risk that we were going to lose it. We've essentially lost, Matt, I'd say just about the bulk of our volume that goes into China particularly in flame retardants, we've lost that as result of the price increase.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Particularly in bromine.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, that's what I mean.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Methyl bromides.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, it's – different people have different models. And we knew that going in, and we take that into account when we raise the price.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very clear. Thank you for that. And just on FCC, Luke, very strong performance. Can you discuss the supply-demand and pricing dynamic in the industry currently going forward?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I'm sorry. I didn't quite hear – FCC pricing going forward. Yeah, I'm sorry...
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. FCC supply-demand dynamic and pricing going forward in FCCs?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I'm going to let Silvio Ghyoot, our Head of our Refining Solutions, take that one.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Luke. Well, thanks for the question. You know that the supply-demand ratio that we are running at pretty high rates. Structurally, we see a strong market, new units coming on, as well as strong demand for gasoline, for fuels in general. So the combination of that strong supply-demand and the strong demand for end products create a positive atmosphere for pricing.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: What is pricing up in FCCs year-over-year?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Scott, you have that.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So pricing is up low-single digits on a year-over-year basis, consistent with what we've had in the past.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Harrison from Seaport Global Securities. Please proceed.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Hey.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hi, Mike.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Luke, can you give us some detail on where the additional synergies are coming from?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I'll let Scott go ahead and give a little bit of that. I think a lot of it's coming from we're getting a bigger restructuring than we anticipating to start off with, and at a very high level, from the efficiencies in the system when you bring these companies together, and you just look at the buying power that you have. We're getting a significant amount of leverages by pulling in all our purchasing together, and doing an RFP for all of that volume, from a services standpoint, from everything else. So the team has really done an excellent job, and that supply chain has done a fantastic job in finding ways to make sure we get that – the products and the assets and the services that we need, and that we're doing them as efficiently as possible. Scott?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I would just add that the whole organization has coalesced around this challenge around supply chain and leveraging that scale that Luke talked about, and that's really where a lot of the additional savings are coming from. And as Luke said that, we do have additional savings in the reorganization as well. As we go into next year, you're going to see a bigger impact from supply chain than what we have, as well as the impact to some these reorganization starting to take – starting to hit our P&L as opposed to what we had in this year.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. And then on the lithium business, I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of a weather report. There was some rain in the Atacama earlier this year and I think El Niño weather patterns could potentially bring some more rain. Did you see any impact on your operations and are you taking any precautions to ensure that you don't have any supply disruptions if there is some rain?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. There's not a whole lot of precautions I can take against rain, but what I would say is, we – the main issue that you have on – when that happens is you get – it dilutes the brine somewhat, but you don't get enough rain down there at those ponds that it really dilutes it. So, sometimes we have operational issues getting really – transporting the brine from the cellar to the Atacama to La Negra to be – because of the road, it's desert and a lot of dirt roads over there, but that's – we usually have enough brine at La Negra to do that, and we plan for it. This just happens to be I think one of the wettest years on record down there, but we have not seen any material impact from those rains other than some operational issues that we were able to fix in the plant.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Thanks very much.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Okay, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov from Nomura. Please proceed.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you. Following up on a free cash flow question. For 2016, if we look at this year's adjusted guidance of $450 million to $550 million, can you reach the same level next year on an unadjusted basis, given that restructuring cash costs and tax payments will be lower?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I don't know that we can quite there from an unadjusted basis. We will still have some costs related to synergies in our numbers next year, somewhere in that $75 million to $100 million range. We still have some of the one-time tax payments related to the restructuring we did the Rockwood acquisition of around $30 million to $40 million. Those are going to be drag on our next year's actual reported free cash flow. But that underlying – without those one-time, we'll see a meaningful growth. And obviously, on a reported basis, we'll see significant growth in those numbers.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you. And as a follow-up, on HPC pricing, is it getting worse as you go through the year or is that sort of staying at about the same level in terms of competitive intensity from euro-based producers?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Silvio?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you, Luke. Let me put it straight. On a product comparison basis, it's not getting worse. However, what we do see is that refiners do select some lower cost or lower priced solutions and that has an effect on the reduced margins.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tyler Frank from Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management): Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Tyler.
Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management): Just on FCC, one of your competitors commented they, they were essentially running at 90% utilization rates in Q3 and except that to ramp up to about 95%, which should be at full capacity in the second half of next year. Can you talk about your utilization rates and where you see that going in 2016? And then on order flow, what's the type of mix that you expect in terms of higher margin versus lower margin catalyst?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Silvio?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks. On your first question, I think that the projections on the capacity utilization are correct that we are running at comparable rates. The order flow, hard to predict. We are strong in the polypropylene market and the propylene markets. You know that we ship primarily much in Middle East and Asian markets. Gasoline demands or orders from the U.S. are high also, so it's somewhat hard to predict on what's the exact outlook of next year's order pattern will be.
Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. Please proceed.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. I guess first on the Clean Fuels performance. Can you give a sense for or can you tease out if demand recovered to normalized levels, how much of a headwind the share losses would be? And secondly, can you give a sense at current FX levels, how much of a headwind you're looking at for next year?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: On the demand, if the demand recovered, how much would the share losses be, what kind of – we had – we've lost a little bit of share, maybe a couple of percentage points, but it hadn't been that significant from the overall standpoint. And we'll pick up some too. The way that the CFT works on HPC is their bid – you have a higher likelihood for, if you have that first fill to get the second fill, but once you get to that third and fourth fill, it's really a bid process because they know how much that unit works and what the operating dynamics are, so they are more out to make a swap out there. So, it's more bid. I think next year we'll pick up some business. We always lose some business, we always pick some up, and we keep track of it. This year, we did lose a couple of share points, but I wouldn't expect it. It wouldn't be a significant detraction. On the free cash flow numbers, Scott, I don't know if we have that, can you...
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, on the foreign exchange, I haven't really fully modeled that out yet, because obviously you've got some moving parts even as we speak today. But as you look at the 2015 numbers, a lot of the foreign exchange impact in total occurred in the fourth quarter of last year as well as early first quarter of this year. So, I'm not expecting a huge impact going into next year, although there will be some. We'll have to see as the Fed and the ECB starts to make their decisions here in the fourth quarter how those numbers start to change though.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Operator?
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Sison of KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning. Nice quarter.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Mike.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks a lot.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Luke, I know – in terms of 2016, you did talk about headwinds from – I don't know about a headwind, but you're not going to see the FX gain next year, nor the divestitures, so you are somewhere in a $100 million hole.. Can you – I know you don't want to give specific guidance, so maybe talk about some of the areas where you have EBITDA growth next year within your control to offset some of those?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well, I mean, we've said we're going to get synergies. So if we get $60 million this year and we'll add a $120 million next year, that ought to be $60 million right there. So I – the way I think of it is the additional synergies kind of offsets the divestitures, or it should, and that's what we're expecting. And then, I think if you look at our overall businesses, we've talked about the Surface Treatment, we ought to have growth there. I would expect lithium to continue to grow with the demand and pricing. I would expect Surface Treatment to continue along its path that it's shown over the last five years from a continual growth. And then it comes – PCS has nice more like GDP growth and it comes down to bromine, and what I just don't know about bromine is, what's going to happen on completion fluids. Eventually, if these – if we keep seeing these projects – at some point in time, if we keep seeing these projects delayed or canceled, there will be a reduction in Clean Fuels – and I mean, in clear brines. I just don't – I don't know enough today to see where that's going to be. So bromine's probably flat to down next year and the rest of them I see growth. So I think, we'll roll out more – a lot more detail on that, Mike, in our next call, what our 2016 forecast will be with regard to EBITDA, free cash flow and items like that. But I think we see a path to be in good shape there.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, you know PCS continues to have a pretty good momentum there. Can you – is there any big share gains for the new products that are coming out that continues to give that business momentum?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I wouldn't say there's a whole lot of share gains there. I mean, this is a pretty – as we've talked about, it's a pretty – particularly for aluminum alkyls, that's a pretty tough market. We still need some pricing momentum there that we don't have. It's very, very competitive. Pricing has not been good from an aluminum alkyl standpoint. But we've done some shuttering of facilities, as you know, and the team has really worked hard to get cost right-sized of what that market is, because it – it adds a tremendous amount of volume. We've seen some growth in some of the lithium specialties that are in there. So, and curatives has done quite well. The competitor had a shutdown in 2015 that we've benefited greatly from that they're back up and running, their business is still doing fine. So, I think that, overall, it's just good, sound fundamental of operations, Mike.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Sheehan from SunTrust. Please proceed.
James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. Could you talk about how much of your portfolio has taken bromine price increases so far? Do you expect more ramp up in the next couple of quarters and your pricing be higher in 2016 as a result? And I'm thinking about your polymeric flame retardants there. If you could talk about what pricing level you're going to have on the polymeric product? Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. If you look across our bromine portfolio, remember, we did not include a price increase on clear completion fluids given the dynamics. So, the bulk of our portfolio we pushed through price increase, and I think pricing is up year-over-year about 6%. So, we had a 30% increase. Price is up about 6%. So, you can kind of see that model and we're losing volume. I don't see a whole lot of pricing opportunity going forward. We still got work to do to get this one included. So, I wouldn't model in a significant price increase for next year. I think we'll get the full-year benefit of what we've got year-to-date so far and wouldn't see much more opportunity in that, Jim.
James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. And then lithium, could you talk about what your normalized margins are – where you see normalized margins in that business, and also what was the contribution from Talison in the quarter?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yes. Scott, you want to talk about Talison?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Talison, on the quarter, we were probably in – on a year-over-year basis, probably kind of mid-single digits millions of dollars, maybe high-single-digit millions of dollars overall. Normalized margins for lithium. We continue to expect that to be in the high 30%s, as the product portfolio continues to shift toward battery grade. And as you know, we're doing some of that tolling work out of spodumene from Talison as well. That will affect the margin rates. Although, we continue to expect very healthy dollar growth rates in that business.
James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Ritzenthaler from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: Yeah. Good morning, guys.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Mike.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: If I could just go back real quickly on one of the previous questions on lithium pricing, the way that I guess I understood that previously is that's pretty much negotiated earlier in the year versus sold on a merchant basis. Is that a fair way to kind of think about how lithium pricing might kind of phase in through 2016?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. The bulk of the pricing is negotiated in the fourth quarter for the following year. And we are looking at trying – because the market is going to get really tight, we're actually exploring ways to enter into longer term agreements with customers who want to make sure they have the security of supply.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: That makes sense. And is it mostly contract-based, I mean in terms of the volumes. I'm not looking for anything specific, but just in terms of direction.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. The bulk of the lithium, particularly battery grade products, is contract-based.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay. And then just maybe just to get a sense for some of the needle movers in the full-year 2015 outlook. Just because we look to model kind of Q4, so $3.65 to $3.80. How much of that is kind of CFT shipments that are previously scheduled versus, I don't know, clear brines, some of the cautiousness around that?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I mean if you look at the change on the top end, it's all custom services.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: Right.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: I mean all other businesses are performing about or either about like we said they were going to perform in July. The only delta for the second half of the year is custom services, that business that we're trying to sell. So, it's always, you can have a Clean Fuels or a HOU shipment that moves out one way or the other in or out and it can have an impact in Clean Fuels and clear brines. Obviously, the volumes on that, people, that can be really quick. But at the end of the day, all that's really built into our guidance. The thing that moved our guidance was the Fine Chemistry Services.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: Yeah. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn from Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good morning, guys.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Hi, Dmitry.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks for taking my call. I just wanted to follow up on a couple of things that were said earlier. First of all, on the FCC part of your Catalyst business, I think you said you're getting double-digit volume growth there, not a normal level of growth for the industry or your business in this area. So, have you picked up share somewhere or accounts or got a new product that you're entering into a new sector of the FCC market that you weren't in before? Can you talk about sort of where this strength is coming from?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Dmitry, we said profit was up. We didn't necessarily say volume was up double digits.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. I thought I read your slides that said that volume was up.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: And maybe volume's up, I'm just not sure it's up double digits but it's up. So, it's a relative same question. I think what's happened is if you look, we've had this year-to-date six new FCC units have come online, gasoline demand in the summer was very strong and saw some really good addition rates. All those big new units coming online is meaning a volume increase and that increased demand means some of the other ones aren't coming offline. So we're seeing – I think across the industry, are seeing volume increases from the catalyst suppliers and seeing good opportunities to continue to do that. Now, I think long term, Dmitry, this is 3% to 4% -- it's based on what transportation fuels are, it's 3% to 4% growth. We've outgrown over the years, over the last few years because of our technology and the strength of our technology in these emerging markets and these new units that are being brought online where they're looking to handle that heavy resid feed and maximize their propylene yield.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Luke, that's helpful. So, I must've misheard about the 10% growth on volumes. In the Surface Treatment business, it's holding up okay. You've gotten sort of good growth there and it's performing in line with your expectations and it sounds like you still expect the business to do well, but if you sort of look at the end markets in some of the important geographies, things are slowing down. Metal and mining is not doing particularly well. The automotive industry reaching a peak in North America and Europe and is down to no growth at least in the third quarter in China and maybe some ramp-up in the fourth quarter. As you sort of look at the end markets in the industries that this business serves, how do you maintain this growth level when the industry overall is subsiding?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, I'm going to let Joris – he's on the phone – let him handle that.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay.
Joris Merckx - CHEMETALL GmbH: Yes. Thank you, Luke. Well, the observations are correct, but you have to realize that we are serving a very well-balanced portfolio of segments. We are not depending only on the automotive industry. We have a very steady business in aerospace, where we see order patterns in, for instance, at our customers, they have back orders for the next four years or five years. We are on a strategy of diversification, like you mentioned China, where we have low market shares in other segments, except for automotive. So we can grow in other segments. Apart from that, you mentioned North America, where we are a very small player in the automotive industry. So, we have potential to grow, meaning capturing market share from other competitors, and we do that year-on-year, and we have – we are weathering other crisis, just like the crisis in 2008, 2009. We have seen areas where like South America, where we gain tremendous market share, when the economy would pick up. Again there, we would be in good shape. So we are confident to maintain this growth pattern as we have been doing over the past 8 years, 9 years, 10 years.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then one final question on synergies and again, now that I've been corrected on the FCC, I want to make sure I didn't mishear what was said earlier, but you're getting $60 million in savings in 2015 and did you say you're going to get $85 million in 2016?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, it'll be a total – let me – from 2014 actuals, we will have $60 million of savings in 2015. Those actions that we've taken in 2015 to get that $160 million, when you put them on a full year run rate basis, they add up to $85 million on a full year run rate basis, Dmitry.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, okay. I got it.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: And then, what we're saying is we still have our target of $120 million savings by the end of 2016. So, you take that $85 million, put another, what's got – $35 million on top of it, that would get you to the $120 million, okay?
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. That's what I misunderstood from Scott's part because when he said $85 million in 2016, I thought it was the absolute level of savings, not the run rate. I got it. Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Kapsch of BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Yeah. Hi. Good morning, guys. I wanted to follow up on a comment that you made a few minutes ago. I believe you said the bringing in of the high end of your guidance range was due entirely to the poor performance of the FCS business and so I guess, put another way, if you were to look just at the core business guidance for those business would've been either unchanged, maybe even slightly higher. So, I guess the question is, remind us why maybe you haven't classified these all other businesses, the ones being divested, as disc ops and it seems like, in this case, with the guidance reduction, those effectively discontinued ops are distorting the optics of the guidance here?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. The guidance, I mean, the accounting rules related to disc ops changed at the beginning of this year, and at this point in time, these businesses did not qualify for that kind of reporting. So, obviously, we had looked at that, but it's one that – they just don't qualify. So we can't put them in there. But as a result of that, obviously, we're trying to split out the impacts so that you guys have a clear view as to what's going on, at least as clear as we can make it for you.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Right. And excluding FCS with the rest of the businesses, would've the guidance been unchanged or actually slightly higher?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, I would say that we saw a little bit of a decline in bromine like we talked about. We saw some impact from foreign exchange fully offset by positive synergy activity.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: And in a day, it would've been the exact same or slightly up.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Same, yeah?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Exact same or slightly up.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Right. That's what I thought. Thanks. And then just a follow-up on the CFT business. I know you guys track very closely systematically all refinery activity and anticipate change-out activity. So based on your comments prior about maybe losing a little bit of shares, I was just curious what -- in terms of the negative variance year-over-year, what's a bigger contributor, is it this sort of trade-down effect to cheaper catalysts or is it more just delayed change-out activity? And then to the extent that refiners are trading down to lower-quality, lower-priced catalysts, does that effectively -- are those catalysts going to lead to a higher cadence of change-out going forward since the activity level or the robustness of those catalysts might not be as good as some of the higher-quality catalysts? Thanks.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think the answer there would be that it depends on how they're operating. So if they don't have to run hard, if they have benign operating conditions that weaker catalyst could last the same amount of time, it's just we – or you don't know exactly what's going to happen. A lot of can move in with moly and things like that and moving on moly price and it can make people buy different types of catalysts. So, overall again, I believe that next year will be a better year for CFT than what we had this year. It won't be back to the 2014 levels, but we'll definitely see improvements in CFT as we go forward.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Right. But the negative variance this year, was it a...
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: It's hard to really pull that out and say is it that, because if we lost a unit, was it that we lost it because somebody was offering a cheaper catalyst or not. I would say that it was about – it would be more mix than it was delaying the change-outs.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: It would be more downgraded than mix, but I don't have a specific number that we can give you.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp. Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp. Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp. Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp. Joris Merckx - Albemarle
Analysts: Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Michael Harrison - Global Hunter Securities Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management)
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter Two 2015 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Matthew, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt Juneau, Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy & Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you, and welcome, everyone to Albemarle's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation, and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Silvio Ghyoot, President-Refining Solutions; Joris Merckx, President-Chemetall Surface Treatment. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all non-operating or special items. Reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are both posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott to discuss our second quarter results.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by discussing the quarter at a high-level and then cover some P&L and balance sheet details, and then close by reviewing the performance of our three GBUs in more detail. Following that, Luke will discuss progress against our key strategic objectives, and close our prepared remarks by updating the outlook for the rest of 2015. To start, the key take away from the second quarter is, we delivered on all of the operational commitments we made at the beginning of the year and that were affirmed in our first quarter call. We are on track to meet our expectations for the year. The second quarter performance of all three of our core GBUs was in line or better than our expectations at the beginning of April. On a constant currency basis with 2Q 2014, these GBUs delivered sales growth of 7%, and adjusted EBITDA growth of 10% in the quarter lead by Performance Chemicals, which delivered double-digit growth in both sales and adjusted EBITDA. At a total company level, including the three businesses targeted for divestiture, net sales in the quarter totaled $931 million, down 3.7% from 2Q 2014, with adjusted EBITDA of $230 million, flat with last year. Adjusted EBITDA margins of 25% were up slightly. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales and adjusted EBITDA would have increased by 3% and 5% respectively. The second quarter results demonstrate the strength of our core businesses with three GBUs delivering adjusted EBITDA margins of 30%, up from 29% in 2Q last year. Our synergy program contributed to these improved margins as most of the new synergies achieved in the quarter were in areas directly related to our GBUs. Performance Chemicals adjusted EBITDA increased by over 24% versus 2Q 2014, with our bromine and lithium businesses driving most of the increase. We also benefited from a large bromine related order moving up to 2Q from 3Q. Chemetall Surface Treatment results were similar to both 1Q 2015 and Q2 2014, despite significant FX headwinds. While down versus 2Q 2014, Refining Solutions performance improved sequentially, as heavy oil upgrading or FCC catalyst returned to more typical levels of volume, revenue, and profitability. However, results in Clean Fuels Technology were again negatively impacted by delayed change-outs, cost-cutting initiatives by refineries due to low oil prices, weaker product mix compared to 2014, and increasing competition from euro-based competitors and US dollar denominated markets. Essentially, as you look at the total company, the increased earnings in the second quarter over the guidance we gave in early May were due to the shift in the timing of the bromine related order from the third quarter to the second quarter. The end result is no change for the full year, but a shift in earnings from the third quarter to the second quarter. Now, I'll turn to some detailed P&L and balance sheet items. As a reminder, all year-over-year financial comparisons are based on pro forma 2014 results, as shown in the April 8-K, to facilitate a cleaner comparison. Overall, for the second quarter, we reported all-in diluted earnings per share of $0.46 or $0.84 per share excluding special items. There are a number of one-time special items during the quarter, and the largest of these related to the Rockwood acquisition. The inventory step-up resulted in a $0.25 loss per share. One-time acquisition and integration costs resulted in a $0.15 loss per share. A full reconciliation of these items is in the press release. We now expect our effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items for 2015 to be about 27%, somewhat higher than prior expectations due to changes in the geographic mix of our revenue. The tax rate, along with an estimated increase in depreciation and amortization related to the acquisition, will negatively impact earnings per share by $0.03 to $0.05 per share for the full year. With the commissioning activities underway at our La Negra lithium carbonate expansion in Chile, we now have more certainty on capital expenditures and reaffirm that they will be fractionally over 6% of revenue in 2015. Working capital was somewhat behind our target at the end of June at 26% of sales, partly driven by a strong month of June sales, which increased accounts receivable at the end of the quarter. However, our full year expectations are unchanged as we are maintaining gains that Albemarle made in 2014 and increasing focus on working capital management in the former Rockwood businesses. Putting all of these pieces together, free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations, adding back pension contributions, and subtracting capital expenditures, was at $217 million through June, excluding one-time synergy, acquisition and tax-related costs. While free cash flow may appear slightly behind our full-year targets, this is simply a result of the elevated working capital at the end of 2Q, as I already noted. And we remain on track to reach January guidance of $450 million to $550 million before those one-time costs. Free cash flow including these costs is now expected to be between $150 million and $250 million, as some of the cash tax payments related to the acquisition are scheduled to be paid in the first quarter of 2016. At the end of the second quarter, Albemarle's net debt-to-EBITDA ratio, as measured by our bank covenants, was 3.6 times. Our year-end projection of 3.7 times to 4.0 times prior to any impact from divestitures remains unchanged from the first quarter. And finally, exchange rates, especially against the euro and the Japanese yen, have continued to have a significant impact on our comparisons to 2014. Based on year-to-date results and updated ranges of $1.07 to a $1.11 for the euro and a ¥122 to ¥127 per U.S. dollar, we still expect a negative year-over-year adjusted EBITDA impact of $50 million to $60 million for the full year, with approximately $26 million of that impact already felt in the first half of the year. Now, let me turn to the business unit performance in the second quarter. Before I address the three GBUs, note that the three businesses planned for divestiture, both Mineral and Metal Sulfides performed in line with expectations from the beginning of the year. But Fine Chemistry Services was down significantly versus 2014. Refining Solutions reported second quarter net sales of $165 million and adjusted EBITDA of $48 million with margins of 29%. On a constant currency basis, sales and adjusted EBITDA were down 16% and 26% respectively, versus 2Q 2014. However, compared to first quarter, adjusted EBITDA increased by 14% with adjusted EBITDA margin improving by 500 basis points. The year-over-year decline was driven entirely by Clean Fuels Technologies, which continues to struggle with delayed change-outs, cost-cutting initiatives by refineries in the current low oil price environment, and a weaker product mix driven by fewer first fills in 2015. In addition, we are seeing increased competition from euro-based competitors in markets where sales are made in U.S. dollars. Heavy Oil Upgrading, or FCC business performance, met our expectations with volumes, revenues and profitability returning to more typical levels after a weak first quarter due to a number of customer trials. We ultimately retained all of this trial volume, obtaining multi-year contracts with good pricing, reflecting the value of our catalysts. While these trials impacted first quarter of 2015 profitability, we saw sequential 2Q growth, and we continue to forecast growth in Heavy Oil Upgrading for the full year, with even stronger year-on-year adjusted EBITDA growth now anticipated and compared to our first quarter outlook. With the weakness in Clean Fuels Technologies expected to continue, our forecast for Refining Solutions GBU is now weaker than at the end of 1Q, with full-year EBITDA expected to be down roughly 20% versus 2014. Performance Chemicals had an outstanding second quarter with net sales of $437 million and adjusted EBITDA of $149 million, and margins of 34%. Compared to 2Q 2014, net sales were up 10% and adjusted EBITDA was up 24%. On a constant currency basis, results were even stronger, with net sales up 16% and adjusted EBITDA up 30%. All three businesses in Performance Chemicals contributed significantly to earnings growth in the quarter. Lithium sales were up 9% with adjusted EBITDA up 26% compared to the second quarter of 2014. EBITDA margins were 43%. The primary performance drivers were volume growth in battery grade products, increased pricing in battery grade and other lithium products and the impact of the Talison joint venture. We continue to be bullish on the outlook for battery grade products. The portable electronics market continues to grow at 10% to 12% annual rates, and global battery electric vehicle sales have increased by more than 30% year-to-date. Our sales growth in battery grade products has been consistent with these trends. Overall, the business continues to meet our expectations, and we expect the positive trends to continue. Underscoring our confidence in the growth of battery grade products, we have begun commissioning the new La Negra battery grade lithium carbonate plant and are moving to the next phase of planning for a world scale battery grade lithium hydroxide plant based on direct conversion of spodumene from the Talison joint venture in Australia. Our bromine-based business had a very strong 2Q with sales up 15% and adjusted EBITDA up 31% compared to 2Q 2014. Adjusted EBITDA margin improved to 31% compared to 27% in 2Q 2014 and 28% in 1Q this year. These numbers clearly highlight the incremental earnings power of our bromine business. We saw both sequential volume and price movement in our flame retardants business, improved pricing in our industrial bromides products and benefited from a large sale of methyl bromide for an agricultural synthesis application. This order was similar in size and profitability to an order we supplied in the third quarter of 2014. In fact, we had forecasted this order in the third quarter this year as well. But the customer needed earlier delivery. Finally, our clear completion volumes in the quarter held up okay, driven by demand in the Gulf of Mexico as the rest of the world continues to be weak. Given this strong 2Q, we now expect modest year-on-year adjusted EBITDA growth in bromine, a significant change from the beginning of 2015. We continue to gain pricing traction and are pleased with the modest flame retardants volume growth, but the 2Q timing of the methyl bromide sale in 2015 and a weaker outlook for clear completion fluids in the Gulf of Mexico compared to the first half of the year will result in more difficult sequential comparisons in the second half. Still, the stabilization of the business and overall improvement versus 2014 is very encouraging. Finally, Performance Catalyst Solutions, which also includes Curatives for reporting purposes, had another strong quarter with both our Catalyst and Curatives businesses performing well. Adjusted EBITDA was up 9% compared to 2Q 2014, driven by strong Curatives volumes and pricing. Order timing, some one-time business and seasonality in Curatives will likely lead to a somewhat weaker second half in this business. But we now expect double-digit year-over-year growth, which has markedly improved from our initial flat outlook for 2015. Chemetall Surface Treatment net sales were $213 million, with adjusted EBITDA of $48 million, resulting in margins of 23%. On a constant currency basis, sales and adjusted EBITDA were up 14% and 9% respectively, compared to 2Q 2014. All key end markets are showing solid growth compared to 2014, with automotive, coil, aerospace and aluminum finishing leading the way. We're seeing growth in all regions, with Asia-Pacific, where we benefited from the buy-out of our Shanghai joint venture and North America, particularly strong. Growth was modest in the European region as weakness in Eastern Europe and Russia along with foreign exchange impacts reduced overall growth. Based on our current outlook and the order book for the business, we expect an even better second half of the year, in line with prior expectations. Now I'll turn the call over to Luke to discuss progress against our key strategic objectives and to update our full year guidance.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everybody. Let me start by noting how pleased I am with the first half of 2015. Our team is executing well, and we are on track to deliver our previously forecasted earnings for the full year. All of our businesses, with the exception of Clean Fuels Technologies and Fine Chemistry Services are meeting or exceeding our expectations for January. We are overcoming significant headwinds related to lower than expected oil prices and the strength of the U.S. dollar. Finally, we're making great progress against our strategic and organizational objectives for 2015 and positioning Albemarle to be even more successful in the future. First, our integration team has now executed projects that will deliver at least the targeted $50 million in savings for 2015. This represents an increase of over $10 million from the $40 million or so that we discussed in our first quarter earnings call. On a full-year basis, actions already taken will deliver savings of roughly $66 million in 2016, meaning we are already two-thirds of our way to our $100 – excuse me – two-thirds of the way to our $100 million 2016 target in savings. The team continues to uncover new opportunities and we are confident in our ability to meet this commitment. Second, the consultation process with the various works councils is continuing with much progress made in the second quarter. As a result, our global business unit realignment is substantially complete. Our first half results highlight the progress we're making in our new reporting and operating structure. Commissioning of the La Negra expansion and the announced rationalization of the butyl lithium capacity in New Johnsonville are two additional examples of this progress. Third, as Scott highlighted, in the second quarter we again demonstrated the cash generation power of Albemarle with adjusted free cash flow before one-time items reaching $217 million through June, in line with our forecast at the beginning of the year. Finally, the planned divestitures of Minerals, Metal Sulfides and Fine Chemistry Services are progressing in line with our expectations. While confidentiality obligations prevent any detailed comments, our goal remains to complete these by the end of the year. In short, year-to-date, the team has delivered on our commitments, and we expect that to continue for the rest of the year. Looking ahead, we expect continued solid results from the three businesses: Bromine, Lithium and Performance Catalysts Solutions that make up Performance Chemicals. However, sequential comparisons could prove challenging for bromine due to the second quarter methyl bromide order that Scott highlighted and the expected weakening in clear completion fluids demand for the rest of the year. Similarly, PCS faces tough sequential comps for the rest of the year related to the benefits from order timing in the first half of 2015. Nevertheless, we expect Performance Chemicals' adjusted EBITDA to be up by double-digits year-on-year excluding currency impacts. Given the increased pressure on the Clean Fuels Technologies, our HPC business, our outlook for Refining Solutions has weakened since the end of the first quarter. However, Heavy Oil Upgrading or FCC continues to deliver outstanding results with strong year-over-year growth expected based on strong demand and a favorable pricing environment. Chemetall Surface Treatment continues to perform very well and as Scott noted, we expect even better results in the second half of 2015. Based on the second quarter results and our expectations for the rest of 2015, we now project full year EBITDA between $940 million and $1 billion. On an earnings per share basis, we are affirming our annual guidance of $3.65 to $4.05 per share in spite of the $0.03 to $0.05 earnings per share headwind due to the higher tax rate and depreciation that Scott discussed. In closing, through the first half of 2015, Albemarle and its employees are meeting our commitments. Our businesses are overcoming significant headwinds and delivering outstanding results. Both our total adjusted EBITDA and our margins underscore the strength of our three GBUs. We are operating in a disciplined, consistent fashion with a focus on managing what is within our control. We're effectively managing costs, capital spending and working capital and creating new savings through synergies. We're creating new platforms for growth as evidenced by the commissioning of the new battery-grade lithium carbonate plan in La Negra, the performance of our Talison JV and the acquisition of our partner's shares in the Chemetall JV in Shanghai. Finally, the divestitures of our non-core businesses are on track. Overall, we expect more of the same from our organization and our businesses in the second half of the year as we build on our industry-leading Specialty Chemicals platform to deliver superior returns to our shareholders over time.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Operator, we are ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before you do so, I would remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time, so that everyone has a chance to ask questions. Then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ons, if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: Thank you. And your first question comes from the line of Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Bob.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Luke, I think it's probably human nature to sort of pick on the business that's not doing as well since – you seemed to do pretty well on some of those other business where they were concerns but the HPC business appears to be struggling, I think. Scott mentioned low oil prices causing challenges. I guess I was thinking maybe crack spreads are more important to the health of the refining industry. So can you talk a little bit about why you haven't seen a better response, given that refinery margins are actually reasonably healthy right now?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think, it's a couple of things and Silvio may have some more details. Let me just talk at a high-level, Bob. I think crack spreads are more important, but I think if you look at the announcements that you've seen from the big intergraded's like Exxon, Chevron, BP, they are really looking to cut their costs anyway that they can. In addition – so they are looking for costs everywhere. Maybe that's a cheaper catalyst, maybe that's running the catalyst that they have a little bit longer. The second thing is, they are not having to run as hard because there's a big supply out there of the refined product that greatly exceeds demand. So when you look at the cost cutting initiatives that they are seeing and when you look at the – how the operating conditions are lighter, the catalysts are just lasting longer and then when they're switching out, sometimes they're switching out a cheaper catalyst. Silvio?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: I agree with that Luke, and like you said, that overall it's the demand of HPC, that volume that is lower than we had expected. And that, driven by the fact that the refiners see opportunities to delaying change-outs, to use weaker mix or even going to the extent of not using fresh catalyst, and using recycled materials. And all that adds up that the overall demand is lower than expected.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then if I could follow up, my second question on the Heavy Oil Upgrading part, you mentioned retention of all your customers that had trialed. Should we expect that might require, given the same characterization of your refinery customers looking for cost savings, that they required a cost concession? And then you and Grace don't want to ever say the word Takreer, but it appears there's some progress there. Is that going to tighten up the markets enough to get some, a resumption of the pricing that you guys had started implementing a couple years ago? Thanks.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: I think I can be firm on that; I'm not expecting that trend on the HOU side. The business is strong, the fuels demand is high. There is a globally increase in gasoline demand, which is favoring the HOU or the FCC operations. So I'm not expecting any impact there from the oil price.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: And just to add on that, on all of those refills that we had – not refills, but on those contracts that we got, we weren't giving away price on any of that. That was one on performance trials. So you shouldn't view that in any respect. The market is tight, the capacity is tight. So we're looking – it's a great pricing environment right now, and our product performance is what's wining those. We haven't heard any – the question is have you heard anything on Takreer? We haven't heard anything on Takreer. Our catalyst is in there; it's performing as per expectations in the unit, and we are, just like everybody else, waiting to see what's going to happen.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks, Luke.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, yes, good morning, guys. This is Matt Andrejkovics calling in for Vincent. Thanks for taking the call. Last quarter, you guys had a nice table that broke out equity income contributions by the different segments. I didn't see that this time is; are you going to go back to that at all because it's difficult to parse out how – for example, how lithium progressed during the quarter as you have Talison coming in. So just maybe, if you can help us parse out like what drove maybe the growth, the new order and then Talison and how we can think about that?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So as you think about that, I mean the details will be in the Q, which should be out today, latest tomorrow. As you look at lithium specifically with Talison, of course, that was purchased in the end of May of 2014. So we had one month and a couple days of performance in 2014, of course a full quarter of performance this year. On a year-over-year basis, it's contributing roughly $6 million to $6.5 million incremental performance versus last year. It is performing better than expectations, so we're very happy with what's going on down in Australia.
Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then just to follow up: the free cash flow number, it looked like the range increased by $50 million to $150 million to $250 million, but I didn't see anything else moving in the outlook. Can you just maybe help reconcile how that would have moved?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. The one item that moved in the outlook – so if you look at our normalized outlook, so that's without the acquisition costs and the one-time tax costs related to the acquisition, that did not change. So $450 million to $550 million, we're feeling very good about that range, given the performance and our current outlook in the second half. On an all-in basis or reported basis, that free cash flow number, it did move up to $150 million to $250 million, and it's related to the tax payments for the acquisition. Part of those tax payments, so about $50 million of those tax payments are being pushed into the first quarter of 2016. And so it's really just related to the timing of those payments.
Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from line of David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Luke, nice strong Q2 results, but you maintained the full year guidance. Can you talk about what it would take to hit the low-end or the high-end of the 2015 guidance in the back half of the year?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well, to hit the low end of the guidance, we've got to see completion fluids really fall off more than what we've anticipated for the year. I think that that we've got – we could see additional foreign exchange – you've got bromine pricing. So if we see some more bromine volume and the pricing continues to stick more than we have, we could see more upside there. The Clean Fuels Technologies that go along there, as you know, it always comes to order time. If we have an order slip one way or the other in the fourth quarter, that could have an impact on our earnings. And really, it comes down to one of the non-core businesses that we have that we're looking to divest in custom services, they have got a big second half. So that could move the needle there, and there is some upside if we can get some synergies earlier. But I think really lithium is pretty solid for what we got – the estimate at the midpoint. A lot of those contracts are baked in at the beginning of the year on price and volume, and at the capacity we're running there, not a whole lot of potential for major upside there. And on Heavy Oil Upgrading, we just got to deliver what we said we're going to deliver and feel very, very confident about our ability to do so there. So, some upside in the bromine area if we can get pricing in a broader area than we have today and then some watch-outs on the HPC and on the Fine Chemistry Services.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very good. And Luke just on the bromine price increase you announced in late March, can you discuss how that's progressing and what you're seeing from other competitors, including the Chinese?
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, this is Matt. David, I'll take that. So, overall we continue to be very encouraged by what we're seeing in price. If you remember our original view is that we would not really see any net price versus volume this year, and that's changed a little bit with this update, that we're seeing some net benefit. There has been – your point about China, there has been some movement in China of the price heading down a little bit that I know a lot of people have commented on. We don't view that as anything to be too concerned about at this time. There is always some movement in price to the downside in the summer in China because their production rates go up. The price increase is kind of something we got to deal with over the long haul and we're feeling good about where we are right now, and the modest demand improvement that we're continuing to see to kind of underpin the basis for the pricing as well.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. And last thing, Scott, was the methyl bromide order about a $5 million EBITDA impact into Q2?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So if you look at it, I mean at the end of the day, it was probably $0.07 to $0.08 of EPS.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Yeah. Good morning. My questions are focused on the lithium business. I think you said that, based on contracts, that pricing is generally understood or fixed for the balance of 2015. Just wondering if you could talk about, given those strength in demand for EDVs, how do you view the pricing entitlement for that business, maybe looking beyond 2015 into 2016?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think, if you look at 2016 there's obviously opportunity for pricing; this is a good pricing environment. People are pretty much sold out of battery-grade lithium carbonate and battery-grade lithium hydroxide. If you look at the cost today of lithium in a battery, it's probably around 2%. So it's very critical for the use of the battery, yet at the same time it's a small cost of that overall battery and we're sold out. So we feel good about the opportunities for lithium pricing in 2016 and it's already started having early conversations making sure the markets understand what those expectations are.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then, if you could just maybe qualify a little bit more on the demand shrink in EDV; where was it geographically pronounced and the plant that you're building to directly convert spodumene-based lithium to battery-grade hydroxide, is that intended to supply just Asian battery customers or is that intended to really supply customers globally? If you could talk about the timeline on that. Thanks.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. It will be a world-scale plant. So it will supply globally. We'll be able to do that, not just for Asian customers. Really it doesn't make sense just to do it just for Asian customers because the size and scale that you need to build that world-scale plant to meet the needs of the markets. And the timing on that is, as we've said, we've started the work on that, so it will come on line in a 2019, 2020 kind of timeframe. And in the interim, we're making arrangements to ensure that we're able to meet the market demand of that lithium hydroxide as it grows and we're not concerned at all about our ability to do that. We have great plans in place for 2016. I can expand those. So we're going to be – we're going to meet the market demand. We're going to have the hydroxide available to meet the market demand. And we feel great about our process there and are extremely excited by the growth of battery grade and what it's going to do for this business.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: And Chris, if you want to, I'll touch maybe just a second on the first question around the battery vehicle growth and where it's coming from, and where really the battery grade growth is coming from. One, you ought to think – remember that consumer and portable batteries continue to be a very big driver. And while a lot of that maybe ultimately will be consumed in Asia, it's for global markets. And then if you think about battery electric vehicles, what's continued to really hold up are the true, pure battery electrics. So people think about Tesla, but it's more than just Tesla; it's the other true battery electrics as well – they're also growing. They're holding up very well and continuing to grow. Those are the two combinations that are the biggest drivers for the business. And in a way, I'd say you ought to think of it is the global – where we supply is somewhat irrelevant, it's really global demand that's driving this.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Gotcha. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Ritzenthaler of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: Yes, good morning. Just on Refinery Solutions, I guess with the outlook looking a little softer than three months ago, can you remind us of the magnitude of CFT versus HOU in the revenue mix? And then, could you walk us through some of your assumptions for pricing mix and volume over the next couple of quarters? That would be helpful. Thanks.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Well, I think it was reported before. Both businesses have always been important and contributing both good cash flow and margin. Obviously, with the strength of the FCC today and the weaknesses of the HPC today and foreseeing for the rest of the year, there is an imbalance between the two businesses now. And the FCC is a bigger contributor today than the HPC.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay. Any thoughts on pricing mix and volume or is that just not something you're willing to comment on at this time?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: If you look at the second – if you look at the 2015 versus 2014 in HPC, the volume will be down and we'll have a much worse mix than we had in 2014. 2014 was a pretty high-water mark, but it's really all volume and mix. We hadn't seen much degradation in price at all, when you're looking at Catalyst per Catalyst. So it's really been a mix issue and a volume issue in HPC. And on FCC, volume is strong; we'll see volume up and we'll see earnings up and a really good pricing environment for FCC catalyst, Mike.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay. Fair enough. I'm curious too about the sale process of the three businesses. Has it impacted the year-to-date – has the sale process itself impacted the year-to-date results? I guess especially within fine chemistry solutions, has it been more difficult to win new business? And have those assets at all been, I guess, sort of impaired because maybe it's harder to sign up new customers?
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Mike, this is Matt, I'll take that. In reality, two of the businesses, I want to say, Minerals and Metal Sulfides or what they call trivatech (39:24), those business are doing just in line with what we expected, no impact at all. They're really having solid years. If you talk about Fine Chemistry Services, we knew going into the year we had some tough business comparisons with contracts that were rolling off. We were counting quite a bit on getting some benefit in the electronics material space to help cover the year-on-year change. We've seen some supply chain issues and some delays in that electronics area. That's really been the big driver for the negative year-on-year in Fine Chemistry Services. Don't think it has anything to do with the sales process.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay, fair enough. Thank you, very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hi this is Dan Lizo (40:17) in for Laurence. With – just with the changing, or the unfavorable MATS ruling from the Supreme Court last – at the end of the quarter. I mean how does that affect just bromine demand or does it have a significant negative effect at all, or it's not something you're really counting on? Just a little a color, please.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Sure, if you look at MATS, there is a lot of uncertainty about how MATS will ultimately play out and I won't comment in detail, because there's been plenty of that in the last few days in the various earnings calls. But in reality, our business related to mercury has improved year-over-year, as anticipated up to now. And the uncertainty comes in with what will happen post the Supreme Court ruling. We're just going to have to see how that plays out, what the D.C. appellate court does. MATS has not yet been stayed or vacated. We are still within our guidelines clearly for this year of what we expect from Mercury Control. I don't think it will have any impact on this year's numbers. And then depending on what happens in the appellate court, we'll see what happens longer-term.
Unknown Speaker: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys, nice quarter.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Mike.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: If you think – I just wanted to run through the cadence of earnings in the second half. You had a 7/8ths in (41:45) headwind, methyl bromide it looks like. Sequentially, the third quarter looks a little bit tougher. So, when you think about a third quarter EPS, does it sort of come down from the second quarter and the fourth quarter? Is it a lot better or are there things that, like cost savings, integration, that gets your third quarter maybe up or flat from the second quarter?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Go ahead, Scott.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I would say, Mike, as you look at the third quarter to fourth quarter, that we would expect that the third quarter be at or above the third quarter slightly, and then we'd see sequential improvement going into the fourth quarter. So if you think about that second half, roughly 45% to 47% in the third quarter and the rest in the fourth quarter.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. And then, Grace talked about the FCC capacity largely being slow heading into 2016 and – based on their wins. Can you talk about how your wins are heading into 2016, and where you're going to be in capacity. And are you feeling better about the price, potentially, as we think about FCC catalyst heading into 2016?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, so go ahead Silvio.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Luke. Well, on the capacity I think it has been stated before with the growth in the demand – with a strong demand and the additions of new units, capacity utilization is increasing, and obviously that situation with the tight supply, the dynamics of the market are creating an atmosphere where there is room for price improvements.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: So Mike, this is Luke. As you'll remember we have a debottleneck process going on right now at our Amsterdam site. And we needed that to be able to supply customers in 2016 based on the business that we have. Even when that comes online in early 2016, and again it's a debottleneck, it's not significant capacity, we're still going to be operating at plus-90% in our FCC production units when you look at Amsterdam and Bayport in total.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jim Sheehan of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. On your Surface Treatment business, it looks like you're performing quite well there and some of the macro trends are getting a little bit better. Can you talk about your outlook for the second half? Are you seeing increasing order patterns and an acceleration in your business?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, Joris, can you take that please?
Joris Merckx - Albemarle: Yeah. Sure, Luke. Well, we expect a better second half in 2015. First of all, we will have carryover effect of market share gains we've done in 2014 and in the first half of 2015. We also have a favorable pricing impact and the impact of our acquisition in Shanghai. So we are operating on a global scale, and we see a very positive demand in automotive globally and also from aerospace.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. And just on bromine pricing, can you talk about what impact the strike in Israel had on the tightening of that market? And as that strike has ended, do you think that the pricing environment is moving towards value-based pricing in the industry or do you see any drop-off in pricing power as a result of increased production in Israel?
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: So, Jim, this is Matt, I'll take that one. We've said all along that the impact of ICL strike was much less on supply than you might have expected. They clearly did a good job in preparing for the strike, had an inventory available for the strike and serving their customers during the strike. So, I'd really say that the strike had a lot less impact than a lot of people seem to think. And we're much more comfortable with where pricing is going based on the trends we've seen overall in demand and based on – yeah, that the push to value is one way to describe that, obviously reflected in our adjusted EBITDA margins this quarter. And our outlook is for that to continue right now.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison of Global Hunter Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Harrison - Global Hunter Securities: Hi. Good morning.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Hi, Mike.
Michael Harrison - Global Hunter Securities: Joris, within the Surface Treatment business, you noted higher SG&A costs related to that Shanghai joint venture. Is that just structurally a lower margin business or are we going to be able to rationalize some of the SG&A costs over time?
Joris Merckx - Albemarle: Well, yes, we will see synergies and savings impacting our P&L going forward. The acquired business is pretty much automotive-driven and it is our strategy to diversify also our sales in China towards other segments with traditionally higher profitability as well. But it's more or less in line with what we see in other regions, so there is no big impact there.
Michael Harrison - Global Hunter Securities: All right. And then you announced a butyl lithium capacity rationalization. Obviously you had a key application go away there. Do you envision other applications coming back over time on the synthesis side? And can you also maybe speak to the butyl lithium demand more broadly, particularly as we look at some potential weakness in China. I know that's a key polymerization market for you.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Sure. Michael, I'll take it. If you look at butyl lithium, originally, we thought we would see enough growth in butyl lithium and other applications to fully cover the loss of that synthesis application from last year in 2015. We've covered a part of it, but not all of it. But other, if you will, other specialty lithiums have continued to grow, and that's reflected in some of the numbers. So I think, while we might not have covered it fully in butyl lithium, we've covered it in other ways at this point. And if you look at the outlook for the growth of elastomers over time, which is the key polymer application for butyl lithium or synthesis application, it will grow. It will grow over time. There's going to be – it's going to get covered; it's more a question of will it be 2016 now than 2015.
Michael Harrison - Global Hunter Securities: All right. Thanks very much.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Let me – maybe I should say one more thing though, that if you think about the rationalization, there was always a fair amount of redundant capacity in the butyl lithium supply chain that Rockwood had. And given our setup with organometallics, and the way we've looked at things, it's given us some freedom. So I don't think you should view that we're reducing our capacity to serve the butyl lithium market by this rationalization. We're still in good shape from a supply point of view; it's more just using our assets in a better way.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Tyler Frank of Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management): Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could just give – provide a little bit more color on what you're seeing for the drilling completion fluids? Do you think that this will continue to decline over time if low oil prices stay where they are heading into 2016?
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, I think – remember that we are strongest where our applications are in deepwater drilling. So, I believe that if they continue to come low, it depends totally what happens with the capital dollars related to drilling and where they go to drill. There is a lot of data out – I forget who put it out, but I read it earlier this week, that to keep the production flowing of the oil that they are pulling out, some of them are moving to quicker paybacks on some of the drilling, which takes them into the shallower water. So if oil stays low, I think next year you could continue – we expect the second half would be weaker than the first in 2015. And if oil stays where they are, you just have to see what they're going do from a capital standpoint, but it could certainly stay -w e could see the second half of 2015 longer. And historically, the longer oil prices have stayed down during a period of time, the longer it takes from an E&P standpoint for it to pick back up. And then we're the tail of the E&P. So, the longer it stays down, the longer drought I think you would expect to see. But, again, we're going to control what we can control from a cost standpoint, from a technology standpoint, from servicing our customers and meeting the demand where it's there.
Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management): Got it. And it sounds like demand for bromine remains strong; can you just talk about how you guys look at the overall market demand and price stability in terms of potential future price increases and when we should expect this, the original 30% price increase, to be fully baked into numbers and the model, and then how you guys look at potentially increasing prices again?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: So, Tyler, clearly we're still in the implementation process on the initial price increase. I think we will differ the next price increase until we fully implement this one, but we feel good about the trends. What we've said along is that the demand question long-term around bromine is centered on flame retardants. And it's good now to see that we're seeing growth in 2014 over 2013 and we're seeing that growth continue in the first half of 2015. And we continue to feel good about that. If you look at all of the other applications for bromine outside of FR, really the only one that's really a watch-out right now is the one we've been talking about just a second ago, which is what's going on with clear brine fluids. Long-term, that's still an area we feel very good about. Shorter-term or medium-term with low oil prices, we've got to deal with that. So, the trends are headed the right way in our view for overall bromine demand, with the exception of clear brines, which is more of a short-term to medium-term issue related to oil prices.
Tyler Charles Frank - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Private Wealth Management): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much indeed for your questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Juneau for the closing remarks.
Luke C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. This is Luke. We've got a number of questions probably that I want to go ahead and address about Michael Wilson. When I talked to Michael about joining Albemarle a few years ago, I knew he had career aspirations to be CEO of a publically traded company, but the kind of guy he was I knew it was worth bringing him in and he came in and he has done an absolute fantastic job for Albemarle over the last two years, driving the business, and more importantly, putting in a leadership team in place that can run that business for him. Now, Michael's got – received a great opportunity with Ingevity to become a CEO, to put together a brand new Board of Directors, to build his management team and do it all in a great place like Charleston, South Carolina. So we're very, very happy for Michael and wish him all the best. But that team that he put together in Performance Chemicals is clearly one of the top teams in the Specialty Chemical area in those businesses. And I'm absolutely confident in their capabilities to continue to drive this business, and we don't expect our Performance Chemicals business to skip a beat. Matt?
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call. We appreciate your time and attention. And everybody have a great day. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp. Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp. Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp. D. Michael Wilson - Albemarle Corp. Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.
Analysts: Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kevin W. McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. James Sheehan - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. John J. Hirt - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2015 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Matthew, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session toward the end of this conference. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Matthew Juneau, Senior Vice President -Corporate Strategy & Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you and welcome, everybody, to Albemarle's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation, and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Silvio Ghyoot, President-Refining Solutions; Joris Merckx, President-Chemetall Surface Treatment, and Michael Wilson, President-Performance Chemicals. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all non-operating or special items, and reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin the call by commenting on the company's first quarter results and accomplishments. Scott will review select highlights related to business segment performance and financial results, and I'll end by providing some updated perspective on our full-year outlook. At the end of our prepared remarks, Silvio, Joris, and Michael will join Scott and me to address your questions. Scott will discuss complete company results in just a few minutes, but to start the call I'd like to focus on the first quarter performance of Albemarle's three GBUs: Performance Chemicals, Refining Solutions and Chemetall Surface Treatment. On a constant currency basis, with the first quarter of 2014, these businesses delivered revenue growth of over 4%, including the 12 days of unreported January sales for the former Rockwood businesses. On the same basis, adjusted EBITDA grew by over 6% in the quarter. We are very pleased with our start to 2015, which demonstrates the resilience and margin power of our businesses and our ability to cope with challenges in some of our key markets, and currency headwinds caused by the strengthening U.S. dollar. Indeed, the combined adjusted EBITDA margins of our three GBUs was 28% in the first quarter of 2015. Scott will talk business segment performance in more detail and will help reconcile to the reported numbers, but at a high level, Performance Chemicals had a strong quarter in all segments, with our Lithium and Performance Catalyst businesses both showing strong improvement versus the first quarter 2014 pro forma results, and our Bromine businesses delivering a solid quarter that exceeded our January expectations. Chemetall Surface Treatment showed excellent growth on a constant currency basis, with both volume and price improvement compared to the first quarter 2014. Refining Solutions was weaker than expected, driven by weakness in Clean Fuels Technologies related to delay change-outs, weaker mix and fewer first-fill opportunities. After closing the Rockwood transaction on January 12, we continued to make strong progress toward all of our key 2015 objectives. First, our integration team has already initiated projects that deliver $40 million of synergies in 2015, and we are confident that we will achieve our full year 2015 goal of $50 million through ongoing projects. The $40 million in 2015 savings will become $48 million of full year savings in 2016, putting us well on our way to our $100 million target for 2016. Second, our businesses are already being run in a structure consistent with the global business unit realignment announced in January. This new structure is helping to increase our market focus and push the organization to capture additional synergies. Third, our first quarter adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow and net debt only increase our confidence in our ability to rapidly delever in line with our target of 2.5 times net debt-to-EBITDA by the end of 2017. Consistent with the confidence in our cash generation power, we increased our dividend by 5% to an annual rate of $1.16 per share in February, marking our 21st consecutive year of dividend increases. As a result, in February, we were proud to be added to the S&P High Yield Dividend Aristocrats Index that recognizes companies with 20 years or more of increasing dividends, a streak, we expect to continue. Finally, we have kicked off the planned divestitures of Minerals, Metal Sulfides and Fine Chemistry Services, which will allow us to focus completely on our key businesses and will accelerate debt reduction. All three processes are well underway and we are seeing strong interest in all three businesses. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke, and good morning, everyone. First of all, before getting into the numbers, let me remind you that we are now reporting in our organization structure, which became effective in the first quarter. Our businesses are now aligned and operating in three global business units: Refining Solutions, Chemetall Surface Treatment and Performance Chemicals. Refining Solutions includes our Heavy Oil Upgrading and Clean Fuels Technology's catalysts businesses. Chemetall Surface Treatment will continue its focus on the pre-treatment of metals. And finally, Performance Chemicals is comprised of the Bromine, Lithium, Performance Catalysts, and Curatives businesses. This realignment should accelerate growth and focus even more attention on the identification and achievement of both strategic and cost base synergies. We released an 8-K in April, detailing eight quarters of pro forma financial results for 2013 and 2014 for the combined Albemarle and Rockwood businesses in the new reporting structure. This will allow for a better understanding of underlying business trends. There are two items of particular note that I would like to address. First, the all other category reflects the businesses planned for divestiture: Minerals, Metal Sulfides and Fine Chemistry Services. Second, the corporate line item includes foreign exchange gains and losses related to cash balances and various legal entity accounts. Historically, this has not been significant, but with the acquisition of Rockwood there was notable impact in the first quarter, as I will talk about. As a reminder, our year-over-year financial comparisons will be based on pro forma 2014 results as shown in that April 8-K to facilitate a cleaner comparison. Overall, for the first quarter, we reported all-in diluted earnings per share of $0.40 or $1.17 per share excluding special items. There were a number of one-time special items during the quarter, the largest of these related to the Rockwood acquisition. The inventory step-up resulted in a pre-tax charge of $48 million or a $0.34 loss per share after taxes, and one-time acquisition and integration costs resulted in a pre-tax charge of $59 million or a $0.39 loss per share. A full reconciliation is in the press release. Net sales totaled $884 million and adjusted EBITDA was $266 million for the quarter. While profitability as measured by adjusted EBITDA margin improved to 30%, even though sales were down 7% compared to the first quarter 2014. The stronger dollar impacted our results by reducing sales by $41 million and adjusted EBITDA by $14 million, with most of the impact from the euro and the Japanese yen. Another unique item in the quarter was a gain of $52 million in EBITDA or $0.36 per share driven by per share, driven by a non-cash foreign exchange gain related to cash held in foreign entities after the acquisition and before we paid down our bridge loans. Our European entities held a significant amount of cash in U.S. dollars and the drop in the euro during the quarter created an accounting gain. This situation has always been in our numbers, but never to this magnitude, which was driven by the combination of the amount of cash on hand and the steep drop in the euro. Additionally, the year-over-year, comparison was impacted by stub period sales for the former Rockwood businesses that are not reported in our Q1 results. The 12 days in January that represents a stub period would have increased total company revenue by $33 million and adjusted EBITDA by $3.4 million. If I normalize our results for the impact of foreign exchange, the non-cash foreign exchange gain and the Rockwood stub period, sales would have been up slightly and adjusted EBITDA would have been up by 7%. We now expect our effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items for 2015 to be about 26%, again, driven by the level and geographical mix of our profits, including those generated as a result of the recently completed Rockwood acquisition. While this is a bit higher than what we expected in January, it is fully within the range of our acquisition modeling. In January, we forecasted capital expenditures in 2015 to be close to the top of the 4% to 6% of revenues that we expect to spend on capital over the next few years, with completion and startup of the La Negra lithium carbonate expansion in Chile, one of the items pushing capital to the top end of the range. As we work to complete this project, we now see a need to spend additional capital that could push us a little over that 6% of revenues in 2015. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations, adding back pension and post-retirement contributions and subtracting capital expenditures was about breakeven in the first quarter at a negative $5 million. 2015 will have a number of moving parts and one-time charges as we work through the integration and acquisition related projects. In the first quarter, there were about $100 million of these one-time cash outflows, including various transaction fees. Despite the changes in tax rate and capital, we remain on track to be within our January guidance of $100 million to $200 million of free cash flow for the full year. Excluding the one-time items, our full-year free cash flow will be between $450 million and $550 million, demonstrating the tremendous cash generation of our businesses. In addition, we are working to update our working capital targets. We believe there is substantial upside in this area, with opportunities in both the legacy Albemarle and Rockwood businesses. We closed the quarter with working capital at just under 25% of revenue and our long-term aspirations are to reduce this to about 20%, which represents a substantial cash opportunity. There are a number of complicating factors, but we will work to develop initial targets toward that 20% aspiration over the next several months. At the end of Q1, Albemarle's net debt-to-EBITDA ratio as measured by our bank covenants was 3.6 times. As the full impact of the acquisition rolls into our leverage ratio, I expect net debt-to-EBITDA to creep up toward 3.7 times to 4 times by year-end, before any help from the divestitures. We are focused aggressively on deleveraging based on our strong cash generation, disciplined capital and cash management and by delivering on our synergy targets. We are seeing a high level of interest in the three businesses targeted for divestiture. And our goal is to complete these by year-end and the proceeds will be used to drive additional debt reduction. Our initial guidance of $40 million to $50 million of adjusted EBITDA risk related to foreign exchange was based on a U.S. dollar to euro range of $1.12 to $1.18 and a Japanese yen, U.S. dollar range of JPY117 to JPY121. While the yen remains in that range, the strength of the dollar against the euro has created additional foreign exchange risk. And based on that adjusted expected U.S. dollar to euro range of $1.04 to $1.12, our adjusted EBITDA risk has increased to $50 million to $60 million on the full year. Now, let me turn to business unit performance in the first quarter. Before I address our three GBUs, note that we had a weaker start to the year in some of the businesses planned for divestiture, which negatively impacted both revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Refining Solutions reported first quarter net sales of $179 million and adjusted EBITDA of $42 million, with adjusted EBITDA margins of 24%. On a constant currency basis, sales and adjusted EBITDA were down 3% and 23% respectively. About 5% of that EBITDA decline related to higher freight costs, as a result of the West Coast port strike, as we spent more on freight to ensure our customers received their products. The decline was driven primarily by Clean Fuels Technologies and to a lesser extent by an elevated number of commercial trials in Heavy Oil Upgrading, as we discussed in January. Heavy Oil Upgrading business performance was in line with expectations, and we do not expect ongoing impact from these customer trials. Our expectations for the year in the Heavy Oil Upgrading remain unchanged with both volumes and profits expected to increase versus 2014. In January, we noted are concern that low oil prices created risk to our Clean Fuels Technologies forecast. That concern was borne out in the first quarter as Clean Fuels Technologies saw a more negative EBITDA impact than initially expected from delayed change-outs, weaker mix when compared to 2014's unusually strong mix and fewer first-bill opportunities. As a result, we are now more cautious on outlook for Clean Fuels Technologies in the remainder of the year, and we expect 2015 EBITDA to be down versus 2014. Clean Fuels Technologies remains a lumpy business and while there may be some near-term impact, especially associated with the delayed change-outs in a low oil price environment, on a long-term basis, this business should continue to perform and grow. Performance Chemicals reported first quarter net sales of $388 million and EBITDA of $131 million, with EBITDA margins of 34%. On a constant currency basis, sales were up 3% and EBITDA was up 17%. Normalizing for the equity income from the Talison JV, which closed in the second quarter of 2014, EBITDA was still up 10%. The improved earnings and margins were driven by a combination of improved PCS sales and volumes, and improved sales in our Lithium business. Excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange and including the stub period in the results, Lithium revenue and EBITDA were up 17% and 34%, respectively, compared to the first quarter of 2014. The primary performance drivers were pricing improvement and the impact of the Talison JV, which delivered stronger-than-expected equity income on strong volumes and margins for technical grade spodumene. We continue to be bullish on the outlook for battery grade products. Note that the portable electronics market grew 10% to 12% in the quarter, and the growth in battery, electric vehicles continued with global sales up more than 25% compared to the first quarter of 2014. Year-on-year comps were also impacted by the larger butyllithium customer lost in the second quarter of 2014. Overall, the Lithium business continues to perform well, meeting or exceeding the expectations we set at the beginning of the year. On a constant currency basis, bromine related sales and adjusted EBITDA were both down 4%, but we're above our January expectoration. Completion fluid volumes were better than expected in the Gulf of Mexico, and we also benefited from deepwater fracking sales there as well. These two factors helped to counter weak completion fluid volumes in the rest of the world. Brominated Flame Retardant volumes continued to improve, as did volumes in a number of other brominated derivatives. While pricing was down year-over-year in the quarter, it was sequentially stable and while still early, we are seeing encouraging price and volume trends in this business, even if our outlook for the year still remains down compared to 2014. Finally, Performance Catalyst Solutions, which also includes Curatives for reporting purposes, had a very strong quarter as the polyolefins market continued to show steady global growth. And we benefited from some one-time sales as well as timing of customer demand for our key catalyst component. Net of foreign exchange impact, sales were up 17% and adjusted EBITDA was up 65% year-over-year. In addition to the customer wins, low raw material costs, an improved tight (20:21) utilization benefited the quarter and helped to counter ongoing price pressure in the base organometallics segment. Chemetall Surface Treatment net sales were $192 million, with adjusted EBITDA of $46 million, resulting in margins of 24%. Excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange and including the stub period, sales and adjusted EBITDA were up 8% and 11%, respectively, compared to the first quarter 2014. Surface Treatment is continuing to benefit from broad-based volume growth and pricing gains in most end markets, particularly driven by higher sales in automotive OEM and automotive components, general industry, coil and aerospace applications. Overall, market dynamics remain favorable, with continued opportunities for bolt-on acquisitions, similar to the recently concluded acquisition of our partner shares in our Shanghai JV. Now, I'll turn the call over to Luke to talk about our guidance.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Scott. In January, we projected 2015 adjusted EBITDA of $875 million to $965 million, and adjusted EPS of $3.15 to $3.70, with an earnings cadence of 40% in the first half and 60% in the second half of the year. As you heard from Scott, in the first quarter of 2015, our overall business performance exceeded expectations, generating adjusted EPS of $0.81 per share, exclusive of the non-cash FX gain that Scott explained. A great start to our year. One month into the second quarter, we expect continued solid results from the three businesses, Bromine, Lithium and Performance Catalyst Solutions that make up Performance Chemicals. Similarly, Chemetall Surface Treatment continues to meet our expectations. Refining Solutions is mixed; Heavy Oil Upgrading or FCC catalysts should deliver volume growth in line with our January forecast. However, volumes and profitability in Clean Fuels Technologies will be more negatively impacted by the late change-outs, fewer first-fill opportunities and negative mix than initially projected. Combining all these factors, we are more confident in our 2015 outlook, and now see adjusted EBITDA in the range of $935 million to $1 billion, including the FX gain related to the U.S. dollar cash on hand at the completion of the Rockwood acquisition. On an earnings per share basis, this results in updated guidance of $3.65 to $4.05 per share. This improved outlook reflects the strong first quarter results, as well as our confidence in business forecasts for the remainder of the year and in our ability to overcome the additional headwinds we face from a strong U.S. dollar, low crude oil pricing, and weaker Clean Fuels Technologies performance. Due to the strong first quarter and to better-than-anticipated volumes in our oilfield completion fluids business in the Gulf of Mexico, our projected earnings cadence is now less tilted toward the second half of the year than initially forecasted. While we still expect higher operational earnings in the second half of 2015 compared to the first half, especially in Refining Solutions, the projected EPS split with the inclusion of the foreign exchange gain previously noted is now closer to 50%-50% than 40%-60%. As we look to the rest of 2015, we see the same macro issues that have impacted us year-to-date, strength of the U.S. dollar, sluggish global economy, and crude oil pricing continuing to be major factors. Just as in the first quarter, our focus will be on what we can control, and you can expect disciplined operation of our businesses and our assets, strong cash management and a continuing push to deliver on our integration and synergy targets. In closing, while we are only one quarter into the year, I believe our first quarter results underscore the earnings power of the new Albemarle and demonstrate our ability to deliver results regardless of the business environment. I am more excited than ever about the combination of Albemarle and Rockwood and our ability to deliver increasing shareholder value through our industry-leading businesses.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Operator, we're ready to open the lines for Q&A, but before you do so, I would remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time, so that everyone has a chance. Then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-up, if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: Thank you. And your first question comes from the line of Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, guys. Good morning.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Hey, Bob.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I was wondering, Luke, if you could talk a little bit on the Bromine side? You mentioned some improvements and encouraging trends, but not really changing your view yet. Is that just a function of maybe once burned, twice shy? Or what's the reason for the greater conservatism mix here that some of the production issues in the industry get rectified, why not a little bit more bullish?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think that we're seeing positive trends, and I'll let Michael comment on some specifics, but we're seeing positive trends across the pricing front. We're seeing positive trends on volume, but we also understand that the operational issues of some competitors is ultimately at some point going to come to an end. And so, it's hard to gauge what will happen when that does. So we feel very good about where we're going in Bromine. This price increase is necessary for us to continue to operate the assets, and we're not going to chase volume. So we're going to lose some volume in accordance with this, with this pricing announcements, we expect that. It's built into what we expect to do for the rest of the year, but we're in this for the long-term. And so, don't hear in our comments a hesitancy in what we're doing is right or a concern about the long-term value that these products are going to bring. We're committed to this price increase, and we're going to push it through.
D. Michael Wilson - Albemarle Corp.: Just so, Bob, this is Michael Wilson. Yeah, I got just a comment. We obviously got off to a very solid start in the first quarter. I think clear completion fluids were a positive surprise for us. We really benefited from ongoing activity in deepwater. So, I think that gave us a bit of tailwind that we were cautionary about at the beginning of the year. So, I would say that's a real positive from a volume standpoint. We still have some caution about the second half of the year. Everybody knows that the number of drilling rigs is going down. If deepwater continues to hold up though, I think we'll be fine. I've really not changed the outlook on that since the beginning of the year. If I think about the Brominated Flame Retardants side of the business, we are for now maybe two quarters in a row, seeing higher year-over-year volume growth. It's low-single digits, but it's positive. And then I think to Luke's comments on the pricing front, it's too early at this point to try to quantify any impact from that, but I am optimistic. I do believe we are seeing traction in the marketplace, which is a positive and I can give you a sort of one anecdote, the one place where prices are published publicly is in China. And since the announcement that we put forward, prices in China are up about 20%. So, I see all of those as positive signs for our business going forward.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And can you talk on the lithium side, where you see the ramp of the carbonate plant down in Chile? And then it seems like we're getting some positive news flow out of the EB market (29:02). Can you give us a sense of when you'll have to make a decision on a new hydroxide plant? Where you might place that? What the expense would be? Thanks.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. To answer your first question regarding the capacity on Chile, nothing has really changed from my comments at our fourth quarter call. I indicated at the time that we expected the plant to start up in late second quarter, beginning third quarter. So, mid-year timeframe; we're still on track for that. But I also cautioned that we would not expect any significant volume benefit from that plant probably until mid-2016, just because that plant is designed to produce battery grade lithium carbonate and it is a very rigorous qualification process that we will have to go through. So, we will start that plant up. We'll do some campaigning of it, producing products that we'll send out for qualification, and we'll gradually bring that capacity on. But we're looking forward obviously to doing that as we continue to see strong demand for battery grade materials. We saw that in the first quarter of this year versus last year. Battery grade product demand was probably up 20%, which is in line with the comments that were made about what we're seeing in consumer electronics and EBs overall. So, with respect to the need for lithium hydroxide, that's a decision – an activity that we have ongoing. We've got an active project to evaluate opportunities for investment, and we just got to work through our internal processes on the approval of that and in the process of development design, decide where we're going to invest and win. But as I look at that market, there is definitely a need for additional capacity in lithium hydroxide, and we intend to serve that.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Yes. Good morning. Actually, this is Matt Andrejkovics calling for Vincent. Thanks for taking the call. Just wanted to clarify, in the CFT catalyst business, you mentioned the risk for delays. How long can the refineries typically delay these change-outs? And is that something you might expect to get maybe back within this year? Or might it get pushed out? And then, a follow-up on that, the fewer first-fill opportunities that you mentioned, is that lost business maybe that you expected to get? Just maybe a little color on that would be appreciated. Thanks.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: If you look at the – I'll let Silvio talk about it, but it really varies. I can't tell you whether it's going to move out of the year or whether it's going to move to later in the quarter. Some of them that we look out would definitely move out of the year. Some of them that we had built into the forecast for 2014 – I mean, for 2015, have definitely moved out to 2016. Some of those first-fill opportunities would be lost business, if our partner – in some instances, if our partner, we were expecting to get a fill at a period of time and it's delayed for the quarter or for the year, it would move out. But if our partner loses that design, we would obviously lose that business. But we purely (32:15) have further line of sight into those. So, for what we're talking about today, you're seeing – the two questions would be, one, for the first-fills, it really has a mix issue because we don't get those higher value first-fills that we thought we were going to get in the year. And we're completing out with some lower value products. And then, from a – when they're pushed out, it just really depends on each refinery. Silvio, you want to add some color to that?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Yes, thank you, Luke. On those change-outs, which are being pushed, we have fairly good visibility on how far they'll be pushed out, whether it is further in the year or whether it is into next year. Some of them are pushed out. Some of them have a short-term replacement of catalysts, which like Luke said, a lower mix volume.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Okay.
Matt Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy, of Bank of America. Please proceed.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Good morning. With regard to your free cash flow guidance, just wonder if you could walk us through some of the one-time items, including cash repatriation taxes? And on the subject of working capital, it sounds like you're taking a fresh look at that, maybe you can update us on what you have embedded in the current range for working capital, and what opportunities you might foresee there?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Kevin. Yeah, as you look at that range, obviously, the big movers are around the acquisition costs and the transaction costs and filing the tax repatriation costs. So, those numbers haven't changed. So we're still in that kind of almost $200 million in terms of the acquisition and integration costs. Tax repatriation is going to be in the – just under $150 million. Those are on track. Tax repatriation doesn't really affect Q1 yet, but it'll layer in over the next three quarters. Working capital, as you mentioned, is an opportunity for us. We're not anticipating significant improvement in working capital this year. However, as I mentioned in the script, certainly, it's something that we're looking for the long-term to drive. So, you can expect some minor improvement for this year in generation of cash flow.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. As a follow-up, you've elected to leave the one-time non-cash foreign exchange gain of $0.36 in the numbers. You've been, I think, very overt and clear about what you're doing there, but maybe you could just address why you've elected to leave that in, when there's a whole variety of other adjustments in the quarter?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. No, that's a good question. Foreign exchange gains and losses have always been in our numbers at the end of the day. So, if you go back in time in terms of Albemarle's reporting, we've always had some level of foreign exchange gains and losses. It's the magnitude of this situation that is driving obviously the fact that we have to call it out. And in this case, we had a significant amount of cash in our foreign entities related to the transaction and it was denominated in U.S. dollars. And with a significant drop in the euro, that created that gain in those foreign entities. So, it's really no change in how we've been reporting, but it is a large item. We'd expect as we go forward, that we'd be back into the normal range of a million dollars or $2 million per quarter, plus or minus, and we'd be right back to where we've been in the past, so.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can you hear me?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, we can hear you now, Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, good. Thank you. Your sales adjusted for FX were down 3% in the quarter. Can you describe what your volume change was and your average price change for the company as a whole? And that is – I'm interested in the organic volume and price change. And I know that there's some joint ventures that sort of move around, I was hoping you would exclude that?
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. With the addition of Chemetall, Jeff, volume is less impactful because it's not a volume-based business, much more of a service and the technical delivery-based service. So, it's a little bit more difficult to break that down. We can break down as we go forward into the other businesses. But as you look at the overall company from a pricing perspective, we saw good price traction within Chemetall. We've seen good price traction within our Performance Chemicals businesses, as we talked about; relatively flat I would say in the Catalysts businesses.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So...
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: And if I look – just if I could clarify, if I look at our overall revenue and try to normalize it, there's two big factors. One is foreign exchange. As you mentioned, that's roughly $40 million impact on the quarter. There's also the stub period, which are the 12 days that we did not own Rockwood at the beginning of the year and that represents around $33 million. So, if you adjust for both of those, we're actually up 0.5%. So, just about basically, breakeven flat.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So basically, your prices are up, I don't know, 3%? 3% and your volumes are down 3%, is that the way to look at the company?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: For the quarter...
Scott A. Tozier - Albemarle Corp.: For the quarter, that's probably right, I would say maybe 2% on price, on average across the company.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. For the quarter, that's right. And remember that one of our bigger volume products is FCC catalyst. And on FCC catalyst, our volume is down in the quarter because of the larger turnaround – not turnaround, the larger customer trials that we talked about in the first quarter. So, I would expect over the course of the year that that would even out, because we expect to see nice volume, particularly in the second half of the year for FCC catalyst.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, how much was FCC – what was the volume and price change in FCC and then HPC for the quarter?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Jeff, hold on one second.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Let me just grab it. If I look at High Oil Upgrading, down roughly for the quarter, down about 10% for the quarter. And then for the full-year, we'll be up. Okay, and if look at Clean Fuels for the quarter, Clean Fuels roughly up a hair, and I would expect it to be down for the full year.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks so much, Luke.
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah, man.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Luke, you mentioned that in Bromine that you might lose or you would expect to lose some volume pushing this price increase. To whom and where would you be losing that volume do you think?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Well, I mean, it goes across the board. I mean, there are only so many participants out there in the marketplace, so. But the bulk of the time, as in the past, anytime we've raised prices, what generally happened is we'd lose some volume to some Chinese producers. And so, I wouldn't expect this to be a whole lot different.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Fair enough. And maybe just on lithium, Luke, talk about lithium carbonate pricing trends and potential for higher prices going forward in lithium carbonate?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I'm going to let Michael talk about that, if that's okay?
D. Michael Wilson - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. David, this is Michael. So for 2014, we're going to see higher prices. We're going to have higher realized prices across the lithium salts, particularly for lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. So, that's going to be sort of mid-to-high-single digit price increases on average for the full year. The time – we closed the acquisition in January, a lot of the lithium volume was already contracted on an annual basis. So, there's not significant opportunities, I would say during the course of 2015. But as we see the market developing going into 2016, I would certainly say I'm optimistic about the outlook for being able to raise prices further.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And sorry, Luke – thank you. And Luke, just comment on FCC pricing trends and where we stand on the overall price increase here?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yes. Silvio, you want to talk about pricing?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Yes. Thank you, Luke. On FCC, I do not see any downwards trend for pricing. I think everything will be holding as we have scheduled earlier in the year.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn of Longbow Research. Please proceed. Changed his mind and the next question comes from James Sheehan from Suntrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
James Sheehan - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you. On your commentary on lithium you mentioned spodumene doing better than expected. I think that was in the more technical grades. Can you talk about what's driving the demand for spodumene and whether you think it will continue to be in the more technical grade of lithium?
D. Michael Wilson - Albemarle Corp.: Actually, it's in both technical grade and chemical grade lithium, which is used for conversion into downstream derivatives. So the way to think about is technical grade lithium carbonate is really used in glass and ceramics. So, that's a GD plus, or GDP type of growth businesses, I think, is the way to look at that long-term. So, the real volume growth is for the chemical grade, which is being used to make either lithium carbonate or lithium hydroxide, which is sold either into technical applications or into battery grade applications. In some cases, it's used to make derivatives that are even further downstream. But, that's really what's going to be the long-term driver of demand. So, I think you have to look at overall lithium growth, which is probably averaging 8% to 10% per year, and we should expect that to continue for spodumene.
James Sheehan - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. And just on PCS, you mentioned some order timing issues there. Did we shift orders forward into the first quarter from the second quarter? If you could just discuss what you think the cadence of order timing is for the rest of the year?
D. Michael Wilson - Albemarle Corp.: Well, I think, if I look at PCS overall for the full year, our outlook is largely unchanged from the beginning of the year. I would just say that we had a much stronger Q1 than we anticipated. We're interpreting that that some volumes that might have come to us in the second quarter were pulled forward, but I don't know that with certainty. I mean, the upside may be that volumes continue to be ahead of our expectations. But at this point, we're sort of holding to the forecast that we gave at the beginning of the year, so.
James Sheehan - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. Nice start to the year. In terms of your outlook for 2015, I'm trying to gauge kind of the cadence for upside. You're getting a strong start to the year, it doesn't seem that you've raised the outlook for 2Q to 4Q, yet, you might have some building (44:52) price increases. You've talked pretty positively of Lithium and Surface Treatment, so can you maybe talk through what is offsetting maybe all the positives? And is there potential for a better year, as given the good start?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Sure. It's really a couple of buckets that I'll put them in. First of all, we've got an additional $10 million of currency headwinds, $10 million to $12 million of currency headwinds than we did when we talked about the outlook in January. So, we've got additional currency. The second thing is Clean Fuels Technology the volume and profitability of that business will be weaker than we anticipated it in January, and it'll be down year-over-year. So, we're going to see some reductions in Clean Fuels. From a Bromine standpoint, the first half of the year is stronger, particularly in clear bronze than anticipated, but as the crude prices continue to stay at the kind of levels they are, we are getting more and more information from our suppliers in the drilling fluid about the second half of the year being up in the air. So, we had built some of that into the original model, but you don't see the improvement that we saw in the first quarter carrying through for the rest of year in our forecast. So, those are the big buckets that we've got that we believe we're overcoming in our other businesses to lift the bottom end of our range and hold on to what we did in the first quarter and still maintain that guidance for the year.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then in terms of Bromine, do you need a certain level of demand or volume growth to achieve the price increases? Or do you feel pretty good that given there's, as you mentioned, there's not a lot of you guys that if you push through that you'll get in irregardless of sort of the volume backdrop?
D. Michael Wilson - Albemarle Corp.: Mike, this is Michael Wilson again. And I guess just to reiterate what I said before, I'm optimistic about our ability to get traction on the price increases. I recognize everybody is aware sort of that we've talked about historically about capacity utilization. And there is no question that if you looked at nameplate capacity utilization for Bromine, you probably have global operating rates that are in the upper-60s% to 70% now. But I think what we've been communicating to customers and they recognize is that we're matching our production planning, we're matching our investments in this business to meet contracted demand for products that we're getting fair value on. And as Luke said earlier, we're not going to chase low-margin business. We're not particularly interested in the spot business. We want to contract with the customers who recognize the value that we provide in terms of our products and services. We feel it's only fair to ask for that value. That's the argument that we're making, and we're resolved to push this through.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of P. J. Juvekar of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
John J. Hirt - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, good morning, this is John Hirt on for P. J. today. Given the (48:17) tightness that you've seen in the bromine market that you've talked about, can you talk about kind of the pace with which you anticipate getting pricing through? And then perhaps more importantly in terms of the impact, I mean, how should we think about the timing of the impact? Do you anticipate that starting to impact you in 2Q, but perhaps more of the impact in the second half?
D. Michael Wilson - Albemarle Corp.: Again, this is Michael Wilson. I think the way to look at it is it's going to be a gradual thing that will occur over time. And first of all, you have to realize that we have contracted volume. So, we're raising prices as contracts permit. Some of those contracts will go through the end of this year. So, the opportunity to even have the discussion with customers won't happen until then. But that being said, I mean, some of it's happening now. I would think early on we probably see some volume that will offset some of the pricing benefits, but then over time, I think, the pricing benefit begins to overpower the volume loss and then we see the impact of that coming to the bottom line. So, the answer to your question is we certainly didn't see that in the first quarter because it was late in the quarter when we announced the increase. I would expect marginal, if any benefits, in the second quarter. I think by the time we get to the end of the second quarter, we'll have better insight as to whether we're really getting a significant impact for the second half. And then I think really where we would hope to see the benefit is as we go into 2016.
John J. Hirt - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up on Talison, which you said performed ahead of your expectations, I know capacity there was doubled I think a few years ago. So I'm curious where your operating rates are for the Talison assets? And given that lithium demand has – it sounds like it's stayed pretty resilient despite lower oil prices. I mean, I would imagine you could ramp up production of that rock base resource a little bit faster than you can on the brine base resource. So, can you kind of just talk about that dynamic and kind of where you're operating today? Thank you.
D. Michael Wilson - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So, if I look at the technical grade product, which again is sold directly into glass and ceramic applications and that we take through an off-take agreement for distribution, that's running at relatively high capacity utilization rates. The chemical grade product, which is used for conversion of the downstream derivatives, is running at about 70% of capacity. So clearly, there is headroom as market demand grows to increase that and to grow volumes. However, much like the approach I indicated with Bromine, we intend to manage that capacity in a way that we match the supply to demand. And we do that so that we're matching supply to demand where we're able to get prices that we think are fair value. So again, we're not just going to increase capacity to try to get volume growth at the expense of value.
John J. Hirt - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Understood. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Ritzenthaler of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: Yeah. Good morning. In Refining Solutions, how does the adoption of relatively new products like AlkyClean factor into your outlook? Or are they just too small to move the needle?
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Good morning, Mike. This is Silvio. The AlkyClean, as you remember, we had the first sale last year. That unit has been built at a tremendous speed. And I'm looking at a calendar, it's supposed to be started up in the next couple of weeks. So, that will give us an indication on how that new technology runs, and we are confident that everything will happen as scheduled. But as you know, new technology, new plant that there's always a little surprise.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: Sure. Okay. And then, one question about the three businesses that are for sale, should we be expecting some degree of, I guess, softer performance year-over-year from those three businesses? And are the soft results that we saw in 1Q a function of their sale and perhaps losing customers? Or is it a list of things like that are end-market related and is that impacting the valuation on those entities?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. I think it values across the three businesses. I think Minerals business is about right on where we thought it was going to be. Metal Sulfides, down just a hair, but not too much and the big downsize is coming from custom services. And what that comes from is from timing of some of the products, as they've got a tough comparison on Q1. And then as we look at the electronics business over the course of the year, some of that is moved out into 2016. So, that's what it is, it's a mixed bag. It's not anything related to the business, and I don't expect it to impact the valuations because they're looking at a history of the business and the profitability of those businesses as well as the opportunity. And in custom services there's a great pipeline of products in there that they're real excited about. And there's some opportunities for them to make some moves on pricing and some generics that they're working through right now. So, I think that will work itself out in the course of the year and early next year. And I expect us to be able to get the right value for our shareholders for the investment of those businesses, and if we don't, we'll keep them.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: Fair enough. Thank you, Luke.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov of Nomura. Please go ahead.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you. Could you comment on the difference in the outlook for HPC and FCC catalysts? It seems like lower CapEx at refineries is impacting these two products in a different way. Is there something in the nature of these products that signals that maybe the weakness in HPC is transitory? Or is there anything else going on?
Luther C. Kissam - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. At a very high level, when you think about FCC catalysts, and you look around where we are at the world, remember, we've got some big customers coming on line this year. So we continue to have good growth, particularly in areas where they're looking to maximize the propylene yield in that heavy residual, and so we feel good about that. And you'll see nice growth year-over-year. At the end of the day, it's all about transportation fuels. In FCC, you can think of it as a gasoline maker. When you have lower energy costs, when you have lower gasoline costs, people may be driving more. So I think we'll see nice continued growth in demand for the FCC catalysts. And I'm very confident about our technology and very confident about our ability to meet our customer needs for this year, and I think we'll see that continue to grow. On the HPC catalysts, where we are stronger is in the ultra-low sulfur diesel and into distillates. And what we're seeing is, one, in the U.S. there's some lighter sweeter crude that's been brought to play that you don't have to use as much catalyst and they don't have to run as hard to process. We're also seeing in HPC, remember, it's a fixed bed. So they have to shut the unit down, unload that, and shut down the whole unit and bring it back in. Whereas the FCC, you have a constant feed into the unit, so you don't have to have that. So when they are pushing out those turnarounds, couple of things are going on. One, the catalyst is lasting longer. Two, the demand for those outputs that they have out there is not growing as fast as the capacity. And three, the catalyst is just working better. So we're seeing longer turn-outs and longer delays and the units are running while they can with what they have. So, its two different drivers on hydrotreating catalysts and FCC catalysts. At the end of the day, we've got to be able to provide the technology and the services and the products that help these refineries make more money. And that's what we're looking to do. HPC is a lumpy business, and we're in a lumpy spot this year for where we are the incumbent versus others. We don't have as many incumbencies come and open for turnarounds this year as we did last year or as we expect to have in next year. So, I'm not too worried about it from a long-term standpoint, but this year is going to be challenging for HPC.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Luke, for this explanation. In polyolefins catalysts, how do you view the sustainability of this improvement? Is this based on restocking in some of the polyolefins chains or is there something more lasting in this market?
D. Michael Wilson - Albemarle Corp.: I think – this is Michael Wilson. In the polyolefins catalysts, you have a fundamental growth rate that's probably in that 4% to 6% per year. So, my longer-term expectations are with that. Now, we have our downstream proprietary catalysts, the single site catalysts that are probably growing at double-digit rates. So, that's inherently what's going to drive the business. I think in the near-term, we are seeing stronger demand for products. So, the pricing environment for some of the aluminum alkyls still remains very competitive, particularly in certain regions of the world. But again, I think with the moves that we made last year to rationalize some capacity, with increasing demand we're seeing that pricing begin to plateau in most regions, so hopefully we also get to a point soon where we have some pricing leverage in that segment, so. I think as I look across all the performance chemicals and the questions around what's happening from a pricing outlook standpoint, whether its bromine, whether its lithium, whether it's our PCS products, the approach we're really talking is one of operating discipline, right. We're going to be disciplined in how we manage capacity to be sure that we're getting good value for our products.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much indeed for your questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Juneau for the closing remarks.
Matthew K. Juneau - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, everyone, for listening and for all of your questions. Please feel free to follow-up with further questions with either Zachary [Mestayer] or me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Lorin Crenshaw - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Luther C. Kissam - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Scott A. Tozier - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer and Senior Vice President Matthew K. Juneau - Senior Vice President and President of Performance Chemicals D. Michael Wilson - Senior Vice President and President of Catalyst Solutions
Analysts: Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ramanan Sivalingam - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division George D'Angelo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Benjamin J. Kallo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Aleksey V. Yefremov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2014 Albermarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Glen, and I will be your event manager for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Lorin Crenshaw, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to Albermarle's Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albermarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Matt Juneau, President, Performance Chemicals; and Michael Wilson, President, Catalyst Solutions. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all nonoperating or special items, and reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Lorin, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin the call by commenting on the company results and accomplishments for the year. Scott will review select highlights related to the business segment performance and financial results, and I'll end by providing some perspective on our outlook. At the end of our prepared remarks, Matt and Michael will join Scott and me to address your questions. In 2014, Albermarle delivered full year earnings per share of $4.20, up 5% year-over-year and in line with our guidance. Net sales totaled $2.5 billion, and adjusted EBITDA was $562 million for the full year, resulting in adjusted EBITDA margins right at 23%. We also generated free cash flow of $361 million, up 24% year-over-year. We divested our antioxidant and ibuprofen businesses in order to enhance our margins and strategic focus. And finally, in January of 2015, we closed the acquisition of Rockwood Holdings, which will certainly transform the company. While attaining our financial and strategic goals is critically important, it is essential that we do so in a way that is safe and sustainable. With this in mind, I am very proud of the fact that we incurred 42% fewer injuries in 2014 than in 2013 and dramatically lowered the severity of those injuries that did occur. Our 2014 OSHA recordable rate was 0.327, which we expect will place us in the top quartile of companies in the American Chemistry Council. In a year that marked our 20th anniversary as a public company, we ended 2014 better positioned to grow, innovate and deliver value to our stakeholders than ever before. In terms of our full year financial performance, Catalyst delivered double-digit earnings growth on higher volume and pricing. Our technologies continue to provide significant performance and financial benefits to refiners, which, in uncertain economic times, becomes even more critical to our customers. Within Performance Chemicals, full year sales and earnings were down from 2013, primarily driven by weaker performance within our bromine franchise caused by sluggish demand, cautious customer inventory management, pricing pressure and a slowdown in demand for drilling completion fluids in the fourth quarter. Nevertheless, Performance Chemicals achieved adjusted EBITDA margins in the mid-20s for the year, and the bromine franchise EBITDA margins was north of 35% for the year. During the fourth quarter, we achieved several critical milestones related to the acquisition of Rockwood, which paved the way for us to successfully close a few weeks ago. In November, shareholders of both companies voted in favor of the deal. In late November, we successfully raised $1 billion in U.S. dollar debt, followed by a EUR 700 million issuance in December. We were pleased to execute these offerings, which were rated investment grade at a weighted average cost of approximately 3.20%. Then on January 12, we closed the Rockwood acquisition by purchasing the outstanding shares for $5.7 billion. Our immediate focus is seamless integration, and our team is off to a good start. We have already taken actions that resulted in our achieving over $30 million of annual cost synergies and have actions in place that should result in us achieving our target of $50 million in annualized run rate synergies by the end of 2015. Last week, we announced the realignment of our global business units effective by the end of the first quarter of 2015. This organizational structure of 3 global business units is the most efficient and effective way for us to run these businesses and will help us achieve our goals of capturing synergies, EBITDA growth and cash generation. The 3 global business units will be Chemetall Surface Treatment, Refining Solutions and Performance Chemicals. Chemetall Surface Treatment will continue supplying specialty chemicals and services for the surface treatment of metals across a variety of end markets. Refining Solutions will consist of the Heavy Oil Upgrading and Clean Fuel Technology businesses, delivering a robust portfolio of Catalyst Solutions to the refining industry. Performance Chemicals will combine the lithium, bromine, curatives, aluminum alkyls, derivative catalysts, minerals and Fine Chemistry Services businesses. In our financial reporting, we will continue to give visibility to the financial performance of lithium and bromine. The new company will be structured to leverage the complementary fit between lithium and bromine, 2 of the world's leading mineral extraction and processing businesses, allowing us to capitalize on our long-term lithium strategy while providing immediate ability to leverage its similarities with bromine. Both the lithium and bromine businesses have access to the lowest cost, most geographically diverse sourcing locations in the world. Given their extraction and production process similarities, we expect to realize cost benefits from technology sharing. Additionally, both businesses go to market similarly with several common end markets, including consumer electronics, automotive, polymers and agriculture. This produces opportunities for cross-selling to existing customers as well as the opportunity to attract new customers. The new structure not only brings together bromine and lithium, it also combines Albermarle's aluminum alkyls franchise with Rockwood's lithium alkyls business. These product lines have similar manufacturing technology, packaging and distribution channels as well as a number of common customers, particularly in the elastomers market. As a result, we expect the combination of these 2 product lines to unlock significant synergies as well. Overall, I am confident that we are now well-positioned to achieve the $100 million in cost synergies that we have targeted over 2 years. Let me try to bucket the sources of synergies for you. We will achieve $35 million in elimination of duplicate corporate functions. $20 million or so will come from asset consolidation and manufacturing best practices across all divisions. $35 million will come from leveraging our increased scale to lower sourcing costs. And finally, around $10 million will come from organizational structure efficiencies. We expect the cost to achieve these synergies to still be in the range of $150 million. As we move forward, our resources will be directed toward maximizing the potential of our 4 core businesses: lithium, catalysts, surface treatment and bromine, where we enjoy #1 or #2 global market positions, excellent margins and attractive growth prospects. Consistent with this direction, we will pursue strategic alternatives for 3 other businesses: minerals, which includes flame retardants and specialties; Fine Chemistry Services; and metal sulfides. In aggregate, in 2014, these businesses generated revenue in the range of $550 million and adjusted EBITDA in the range of $100 million. 2015 revenue and adjusted EBITDA would be very similar for these businesses. Given our priority on our 4 core businesses, we believe that selling the minerals, Fine Chemistry Services and metal sulfide businesses represents the optimal choice for maximizing value to our shareholders and giving the management and employees of these 3 businesses the best opportunity for future growth and market success. We will use the proceeds from these sales to pay down debt. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier: Thanks, Luke, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into the details, you'll notice a change in how we will be reporting and discussing GBU results going forward. We will be using adjusted EBITDA as opposed to segment income, which should provide additional clarity on the businesses' performance. The non-GAAP reconciliation give you the details on how to bridge to reported GAAP numbers. Today, the financial discussion will be primarily around Albermarle's Q4 and 2014 results prior to the acquisition of Rockwood. While I will share some high-level comments around Rockwood's full year results, as the Rockwood transaction closed only a few weeks ago, the results discussed and shown in the earnings deck are indicative, preliminary results. The acquisition and reorganization will make comparisons challenging, but we will strive to provide you information to restate our segments and align reporting definitions anticipating a complete view by our first quarter 2015 earnings call. Financially, we ended 2014 by delivering fourth quarter net income of $77 million or $0.99 per share excluding special items. Our U.S. GAAP basis earnings were a loss of $19 million or $0.24 per share including special items. Two special items in particular impacted our results, the largest related to an approximately $0.90 pension-related mark-to-market loss. This noncash loss reflects the actuarial impact of a lower discount rate and longer projected life expectancies partially offset by better-than-expected asset performance. This has no immediate cash impact as we expect our current funding to be adequate for the next 6 years. We also reported $0.30 per share acquisition and financing costs associated with the Rockwood transaction, and other items amounted to a $0.02 per share loss. These items net to a loss of approximately $1.22 per share, which when added back to our reported EPS of a $0.24 loss, gets you to our adjusted EPS of $0.99 for the quarter. Net sales totaled $599 million, and adjusted EBITDA was $137 million for the quarter, while profitability, as measured by adjusted EBITDA margin, was 23%, slightly up from Q4 2013. Revenue was down 6.4% in Q4 and was impacted by the strengthening dollar by about $10 million, or 1.6%, mostly from the euro and yen. Earnings per share were impacted negatively by foreign exchange by almost $0.02. Fourth quarter earnings were hurt by about $0.05 per share on a higher-than-expected tax rate due to geographic mix of our revenues in the quarter, primarily due to the lower drilling fluid shipments out of Jordan. Finally, lower share count due to share repurchases in the first half of the year contributed $0.04 per share. At this time, for the combined company, we expect our effective tax rate, excluding special items, nonoperating pension and OPEB items for 2015, to be 25% or so, again, driven by the level and geographical mix of our profits including those generated as a result of the recently completed Rockwood acquisition. Our diluted shares outstanding after the acquisition are about 113 million. Free cash flow defined as cash flow from operations, adding back pension and post retirement contributions and subtracting CapEx, was $361 million for 2014, up 24% from 2013 and the strongest in our company's history. The growth was driven by improved working capital and more normalized CapEx spend that was at $111 million or 4.5% of revenue. For the newly combined company, we expect CapEx to be between 4% and 6% of revenue. And in 2015, we will be managing to the higher end of the range as synergy projects are executed to deliver cost savings. At the beginning of 2014, we established a goal to reduce working capital by $100 million by the end of 2015. We ended 2014 with networking capital down to 23% of revenue, down nearly 5 percentage points representing a savings of approximately $120 million. Our team has accomplished a great deal and will face new opportunities with Rockwood, which has an even longer cash conversion cycle than Albermarle's. In 2015, our focus will be on pushing that rate below 23% and ensuring those gains are sustainable as we look at setting our next milestone. The strength of our balance sheet is a source of pride at Albermarle and allowed us to execute the Rockwood acquisition and remain investment grade. We are committed to aggressively deleveraging and have a goal of achieving leverage as measured by net debt to adjusted EBITDA in the range of 2 to 2.5x by the end of 2017. Executing the divestitures that Luke discussed will certainly aid us in this objective. During the quarter, we raised $1.9 billion in debt in preparation to fund the Rockwood acquisition. However, net debt to adjusted EBITDA remained low at 0.78x as of year end as the cash proceeds from the offerings remained on our books. We expect that ratio to increase to around 4x when we report our first quarter results, in line with our expectations, and expect to end 2015 at 3.7x before the impact of any divestitures. Although the transaction has only been closed for 2 weeks, the repatriation of our cash has already begun with over $1 billion in cash having been repatriated from overseas as of today. We have already taken out 75% of the bridge loans and expect to remainder to be taken out by mid-February. On another positive cash flow note, we previously estimated that as much as $400 million of our 2015 free cash flow would likely go to onetime tax payments to repatriate that foreign cash. However, we now estimate a onetime cash tax outlay in 2015 of much less at $150 million to return over $3 billion in cash to the U.S. Roughly half of the cash will be repatriated in 2015 with the rest returning as we earn it over time. While the impact of foreign exchange on total company sales and earnings in 2014 was very modest, as we enter 2015, the steep depreciation of both the euro and the Japanese yen represent a major financial headwind. Our earnings are exposed to the movement of these 2 currencies versus the dollar. Specifically, on the combined company, we estimate that every $0.01 change in the euro-dollar exchange rate will have an impact of approximately $1.5 million to $2 million EBITDA. And every JPY 1 change in the yen-dollar exchange rate will have an EBITDA impact of approximately $0.5 million to $1 million. To put that in perspective, ranging the euro between $1.12 and $1.18, and the yen to between JPY 117 and JPY 121, we would expect to see a $40 million to $50 million headwind to EBITDA in 2015, or about $0.20 per share. And now I will turn to each GBU's 2014 financial performance. For the full year, Catalyst reported net sales of $1.1 billion, up 9% year-over-year; and adjusted EBITDA of $300 million, up 12% year-over-year; and adjusted EBITDA margins of 27%. The strong revenue growth in 2014 was driven by volume and price increases and favorable mix within Heavy Oil Upgrading and Clean Fuel Technologies. Of particular note were new customer wins in Heavy Oil Upgrading and a large first-ever sale of AlkyClean, a solid asset alkylation catalyst designed to increase a refinery's octane yield in clean fuels. This growth was partially offset by continued pricing pressure in Performance Catalyst, predominantly in aluminum alkyls in catalyst precursors. In the fourth quarter, with a drop in oil price, we saw evidence of higher operating rate at some of our customers that we think benefited our HOU business. However, we also saw what may be the beginning of a shift by refiners into cost management mode. Catalyst Solutions' 12% growth in adjusted EBITDA was the biggest source of earnings growth for the entire company. Refinery Catalyst was the main driver with double-digit growth and margin expansion driven by volume and pricing gains. And Performance Catalyst Solutions' full year revenue and volumes rose year-over-year, reflecting solid underlying polyolefins market demand, offset by soft pricing and lower utilization rates at our facilities, which we believe is consistent with utilization rates across the organometallics industry. For the full year, Performance Chemicals reported net sales of $1.4 billion, down 3% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA of $337 million, down 6% year-over-year on adjusted EBITDA margins of 25%. The year-over-year weakness was primarily driven by lower Fire Safety Solutions results and the loss of a large custom services contract. Within Fire Safety Solutions, revenue and profits were down, despite higher volumes on lower pricing within certain pockets of brominated flame retardants, or particularly in insulation foam, where product transition is occurring, and continued soft pricing in China. We believe that the higher volumes were predominantly reflective of an ongoing mix shift towards server and automotive electronics markets, offsetting continued sluggish demand in the TV and PC markets. Fine Chemistry Services finished the full year with a modest profit increase, despite unexpectedly losing a major contract during the year on strong results within the pharmaceutical and electronic materials applications and aided by a onetime event related to supply of a pharmaceutical active ingredient in the third quarter. Specialty Chemicals finished the year with modest profit growth on flat volumes. Year-over-year results were driven by strong methyl bromide sales volumes, which we do not expect to continue in 2015, and curatives which delivered record profits. Drilling completion fluids were solid as this business benefited from another year during which the backdrop for offshore deepwater completions remain quite favorable. However, during the fourth quarter, amid the steep decline in crude prices and announcements of CapEx reductions by drillers, we began to experience significantly weaker order patterns for completion fluids. In total, overall bromine-based product volumes were flat year-over-year with a drop in oilfield being a year-end surprise. Brominated flame retardant volumes were up about 5% for the year, but mix shifts to lower-end products and continued weak pricing meant that earnings were down. EBITDA margins for bromine were flat versus 2013, north of 35%. Now let me provide some perspective on a legacy Rockwood business performance. As a reminder, these numbers for lithium and surface treatment are based on Rockwood's historical reporting practices. For the full year, lithium had an estimated net sales of $474 million, down 1% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA of $199 million, up 9% year-over-year, resulting in margins of 42%. The primary performance drivers were battery grade applications rising over 20% year-over-year on growing demand within the consumer electronics market in particular; the acquisition of Talison, which contributed nearly $30 million to full year adjustment EBITDA; and GDP-type growth in most technical grade applications offset by weaker butyllithium and potash results. Excluding potash, lithium's adjusted EBITDA would have been up 15% year-over-year. Surface treatment had estimated net sales of $940 million, up 6% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA of $220 million, up 11% year-over-year, resulting in margins of 23%. The business had a great year on all measures benefiting from broad-based volume growth and pricing gains in most end markets, particularly driven by higher automotive OEM and automotive components, general industry, coil and cold forming applications and aerospace applications. Results also reflect continued market share gains and the impact of the acquisition of the remaining 50% interest in its previously unconsolidated joint venture in India. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Luke to talk further about our outlook.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Scott. As we consider the outlook, we expect our lithium, catalyst and surface treatment businesses will experience nice growth in 2015, but the actual results will be muted somewhat by foreign exchange translations. Ask Scott said, going into 2015, the currency headwind is $40 million to $50 million of EBITDA. The last time we saw crude oil at this price level was in the 2008, 2009 cycle. And applying a similar impact that we saw at that time related to our oilfield related businesses results in an estimated headwind of $30 million to $50 million of EBITDA in 2015. Although certain near-term implications for our businesses are clear today, other impacts, favorable or unfavorable, are not possible to forecast with a high degree of certainty. Against this backdrop, our focus will be on controlling what we can control. That will include focusing on cost and spending levels and ensuring that we are designing the most efficient organizational structure as we integrate these businesses into one company. We will focus on deleveraging by identifying further opportunities to reduce working capital, rigorous scrutiny of capital spending and executing on the announced divestitures. Now let me provide color on each business so that you can understand the fundamental drivers of this outlook. Let me start with Performance Chemicals. We expect meaningful year-over-year growth in lithium, primarily driven by the combination of a full year earnings from Talison and continued strong demand for battery grade lithium salts. The continued proliferation of lithium ion batteries within consumer devices remains the primary driver as demand for electric vehicles is expected to remain a relatively small percentage of the battery market in 2015. As a result, we will allocate an increasing percentage of volume to high-value battery applications at the expense of technical grade accounts. Lithium salt pricing will be up year-over-year across both technical and battery grade products. Within technical grade applications, we expect GDP type growth and within potash, pricing and volumes are expected to be relatively flat. Turning to bromine. A number of factors will make it challenging for this business to grow in 2015. However, the most significant headwind is reality that the sharp decline in crude prices in recent months will place considerable pressure on its profitability as we expect drilling completion fluid volumes to experience a steep decline following a multiyear run of exceptionally strong results for this product. I would note that our current forecast still includes a certain amount of volume for offshore deepwater fracking projects that our customers are still forecasting. Any delay or cancellation of this business is a risk built into our range that I will discuss in a minute. The downturn in drilling completion fluids will be partially offset by favorable outlook from mercury control, where we project an increase in bromine volumes as many coal-fired utilities proceed to implement the EPA's mercury and air toxic standards. Within Fire Safety Solutions, we expect continued pricing pressure coupled with modest volume growth as servers and automotive electronics compensate for flat to declining PC and TV trends, and we get some growth in construction and other nonelectronic applications. Specifically, third-party estimates call for global PC unit growth of around 1%, but with a continued trend toward smaller units; 6% growth in server shipments and flat global TV units, but a 2% decline in developed markets where most fire safety standards exist. Within organometallics, our results should benefit from solid growth in polyolefin demand globally, customers continuing to exploit differentiated specialty polymer opportunities, and the operational benefits of shutting down our higher cost polyolefin catalyst capacity last year. Partially offsetting these factors will be lower polyolefin catalyst component pricing, reflecting continued competitive intensity. We also expect another year of lower pricing and demand for butyllithium, reflecting weak synthetic rubber market fundamentals and an inability to replace the volume that was lost when a key customer switched to a different synthesis route in 2014 that eliminated butyllithium. Finally, profits within Fine Chemistry Services are projected to decline as pricing and volume gains in certain segments, such as selected pharmaceutical applications, are not sufficient to offset a number of contract expirations. Turning to refining solutions. We expect mid-single-digit EBITDA growth from this business year-over-year. As we have discussed in the past, the global demand for refinery catalysts is driven primarily by 2 factors: the demand for fuels and the severity of upgrading required to produce those fuels. The current outlook for global fuel demand, particularly transportation fuels, is expected to continue to grow in 2015. So we don't see this factor as a major risk. The severity of upgrading in turn is determined largely by 3 factors: the crude slate, the end product slate and the refinery capacity utilization rates. It is here where we see some uncertainty as we enter 2015. As the relative availability in cost of crudes, the cost of heavy crudes, light crudes and tight oil shift, refineries will likely adapt their operations to maximize their profitability. In some scenarios, reduced upgrading severity as more stringent cost controls are employed could result in a move by refiners to lower performing, lower-cost catalysts or extend the time period between change-outs and fixed-bed unit operation. Consequently, in high oil upgrading, we see the primary risk being the product mix, not volume, which would be manifested in a lower realized prices. In Clean Fuels Technology, which tends to be a lumpier business anyway, we could see the timing of orders shift between quarters. With these risks in mind, we still anticipate another year of strong volume and solid earnings growth in Heavy Oil Upgrading while we cautiously expect Clean Fuels' performance to be flat to down based on timing and product mix risk and unfavorable FX impacts. Whichever direction our refinery customers choose to turn, we stand ready with a robust suite of catalyst solutions to meet their ever-changing needs. Our current view of the pace of revenue in refining solutions is second-half loaded because our CFT customer change-out calendar calls for a relatively heavier number of turnarounds in the second half of the year.  The other factor creating the second half bias to Refinery Solutions results reflects the fact that a number of competitive trials at some of our HOU customers are projected to occur in the first half of the year versus the second. As these trials are completed, we expect a corresponding uptick in the second half operating trends for this business as we produce at more normalized levels. Turning to surface treatment. We expect this business to deliver mid-single digit adjusted EBITDA growth despite a significant drag from currency. Absent currency growth -- absent currency, growth will be double digits, driven by solid underlying market growth in most market segments, product mix improvement, positive price and reasonable expansion in developing economies. We also anticipate a continuation of the factors that have, in recent years, presented opportunities to gain market share, including the coupling of innovative technology with superior technical and customer service and our close proximity to our customers. Bolt-on acquisitions continue to support these gains, including the latest buyout of our Shanghai joint venture, which is expected to close in the first quarter. Adding all of that together for the total company, excluding the impact of any divestitures, we expect to deliver revenue in the range of $3.7 billion to $4 billion, adjusted EBITDA in the range of $875 million to $965 million. Free cash flow in the range of $100 to $200 million and EPS in the range of $3.15 to $3.70 per share. Depending on how currency plays out, the potential for both upside or downside exist to these numbers. We have assumed the euro is within the range of $1.12 to $1.20, and that the Japanese yen is in the range of JPY 115 to JPY 120 in 2015, resulting in a drag on revenue of about $200 million and a drag on adjusted EBITDA of between $40 million and $50 million year-over-year. As far as the expected quarterly progression of adjusted EBITDA and EPS for the total company, we expect it to be split roughly 40% in the first half of the year and 60% in the second half, with each quarter of the year getting successively stronger. This second half bias is mainly driven by refining solutions for reasons that I explained earlier, while the earnings progression of Performance Chemicals and Surface Treatment is pretty evenly split between the first and second halves of the year. In closing, we currently see much uncertainty in 2015, more than typical. Our focus will be on the fundamentals of our business strategies, integration of the acquisition and deleveraging. In short, we will control what is within our power to control. Our core businesses are strong and the underlying fundamentals over the long run remain solid. Our focus going forward will be 3 things: one, seamless, effective and efficient integration of the businesses that achieves our stated synergy targets; two, actions to accelerate growth in our core businesses; and three, generation of strong cash flow that allows us to rapidly deleverage, invest in organic growth opportunities in our core businesses, return capital to shareholders via dividends and share buybacks and where appropriate, opportunistic, small bolt-on acquisitions to accelerate EBITDA growth in our core businesses. We are better positioned today than we were a year ago to deliver long-term value for our shareholders and have the people and resources in place to execute that strategy. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lorin for your questions.
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, we're ready to open the lines for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] You can proceed.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Ryan Berney on for Bob Koort. I was hoping you could provide a little bit of background on the surface treatment business just for us here. If I recall correctly, a lot of their sales are to Europe, especially into Germany. Could you give us a little bit of a break out there geographically on where else that business sells into?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think, it's predominantly European business. And then you would see other sales in the United States would be the second most, with Asia Pacific and Latin America coming in at a distant third. So there's opportunity for growth there, and that's one of the reasons where you'll see in the first quarter the acquisition of that joint venture partner in Asia.
Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then as a follow-up, we've been following some bromine pricing recently. And it looks like China maybe is getting slightly better. Could you comment there versus kind of what you're seeing, and if your comments on the lower China bromine pricing are more kind of year-over-year versus sequential?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, go ahead, Matt.
Matthew K. Juneau: Yes, I'll take that. Ryan, we have not yet seen a significant change in China. But remember, in our businesses at beginning in the year, you've always got the impact of Chinese New Year, so they tend to start pretty slow for us in China in the first quarter. And Chinese New Year is mid-February this year, so it's about where we expect it in January, but I would not say we see a pickup.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
Ramanan Sivalingam - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is actually Ram Sivalingam, sitting in for Dave. Luke, just a quick question. Could you perhaps give us bromine utilization rates by region? Just to give us a sense for how loose or tight that is? [ph]
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It will be tough for me to do it by region. But I can tell you that in 2014 overall, we were in the high 60s for bromine utilization rates when you're looking at absolute bromine. So -- and it was about the same for JVC as it was for Magnolia. It's roughly the same, within a couple of percentage points, one way or the other. We can move production around based on where the derivative demand is. But roughly, if you look at that blended rate, it's in the high 60s.
Ramanan Sivalingam - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it, that's very helpful. And then in the past, given some demand erosion in legacy TV panels, you've talked about reapplications for bromine. Any progress there, just in terms of demand for products? [ph]
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, yes. We've made some progress in that. We've developed some particularly as it relates into the oil field where there's the most promising for the shorter term and seeing good results there. Some of the longer-term projects have not panned out from a last scale standpoint, so we've reallocated those resources. So we're making progress. There's nothing -- but everybody needs to understand, this is a long term view. We need to do this, but I don't -- well, there's nothing built into our 2015 numbers relative to these new products. It is a development product at this time.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, actually, it's Matt Andrejkovics on for Vincent. Could you just help just clarify some of the competitive dynamics that you're seeing in the Performance Catalyst business? Like, what's driving the soft pricing while you're seeing increase in demand? And then additionally, can you help us understand the decision to move that segment into the Performance Chemicals GBU?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, let me take the second one first, if you don't mind, to move that into Performance Chemicals, and then I'll let Michael talk a little bit about competition. Essentially for competition, he'll go into more detail, but it's overcapacity in the market. We tried to address that somewhat by taking out our highest cost production in Europe last year, but that's essentially what it is. The second question you had is why move it into that? Because when you look at putting the lithium business together with the lithium alkyls business, they have butyllithium and such, along with our aluminum alkyls, that's where we thought we could get synergies not only from a customer overlap, but from a production overlap, from an asset overlap, from the way those markets go to business. So we thought it was the most efficient way to do it. You don't get those efficiencies in the refining catalyst business. So that decision was made to do that. Mike, do you want to talk a little bit about the competitive dynamics?
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, Matt. I think Luke largely answered the question. We've talked about this for most of the past year, and it's just supply and demand. There's overcapacity on the alkyl side of the business. Part of that, we've acknowledged, we've added capacity over the last couple of years, and there were a couple of new competitive entrants. So the good news is, is that demand is continuing to grow. So as that capacity utilization tightens up, we should get back to a point of having some pricing leverage. And of course, as Luke pointed out, we took a significant step last year by taking capacity off-line in Europe.
Matthew Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And just as a follow-up. Have you guys earmarked the net proceeds that you think you would gather from some of these divestitures that you're contemplating?
Luther C. Kissam: Well, I certainly have a number in my head that I think we should have, but I think the market will say what that is, and we'll make a decision on whether we divest or do it. I don't think it makes a whole lot of sense for me to throw a number out there because it sets a floor or a ceiling, and I want to maximize what we can get out of these assets because they're great assets. And in the right hands, they'll be able to grow and be market leaders in each of their respective markets, and we're looking forward to getting through that process.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Luke, can you give us a sense for your rationale in choosing to divest the 3 businesses that you called out as well as a feel for how the $100 million in aggregate EBITDA might be disaggregated among those 3 businesses?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I can do that kind of generally. I think Scott can get into the numbers. But the way I looked at them is this: We've got 4 core businesses, and we need to focus on those 4 core businesses and to continue to drive them because we've got great opportunities in that, and we need to deploy resources both from a capital standpoint as well as from a people standpoint to drive the growth opportunities we have there. It was going to be taking away from that for us to continue to try to develop these businesses. They're solid businesses. They generate nice EBITDA, but they're not going to be a strategic focus for Albermarle in the long run and they're not big enough to move the needle. So we decide -- we made that point that we thought it was in the best interest of our shareholders to divest these businesses at this time, to take the proceeds to allow us to deleverage more rapidly and move forward with our strategy. So that was the thought process behind it, and Scott can give you a little more details on the numbers.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. So on the 3 businesses, Kevin, minerals is the largest, at roughly $250 million and roughly 10% EBITDA margins. The Fine Chemistry Services is the next the largest, around $200 million, and they've got margins that are up in the -- EBITDA margins in the upper 20s. And the metal sulfide business is roughly $100 million with kind of a high-teen level type EBITDA margin. So that kind of breaks it down a little bit as to where they are.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great, that's very helpful. Second question, Luke, on lithium. Chile's National Lithium Commission seems to be reevaluating policy as it relates to long term development of the resource there. What is your view of that? Can you maybe elaborate on any discussions or view on how policy might change in Chile, and what, if anything, that would mean for Albermarle?
Luther C. Kissam: Right. That's a great question. The lithium commission issued their findings yesterday, and so we've had a chance to review them. I'd also say that the week of the 19th, I was actually in Chile and met with a number of officials in the mining industry and other government officials about the business there to understand their thinking. I think, number one, lithium is a non-concessible mineral so that remains unchanged, which is a good progress. Number two, the existing contracts don't change, so the existing contracts to the SQM and that Rockwood have are remained unchanged, and I was assured time after time that those contracts will be honored. Going forward, I think they are going to establish a state entity to manage the development of future lithium projects, and they are looking for participants that are interested in doing that with a track record in the industry, which is very positive, we believe, from an Albermarle and Rockwood standpoint. So we applaud the government for taking these steps. We look forward to the collaboration, not only for the exploitation of the Salar for the development of lithium, but they also talked about the collaboration from an R&D perspective to drive new uses for lithium, similar is what Albermarle's trying to do for bromine. So we stand ready and able and think we're in the best position to collaborate with them with new uses as well as in the long run, allow us to be their preferred partner. And if you'll allow me, I just -- the agreement that we have, Kevin, we have the right for 2000 metric tons of lithium. We started operating there in 1984, it was the first carbonate production, and we've used essentially 80,000 metric tons of lithium through the end of 2014, which leaves us over 120,000 metric tons of lithium, which at our current extraction rates, allows us to operate under the existing agreement that we have into the 2030 kind of timeframe. So it's not an issue short term. Long term, we ought to be the preferred partner of that commission, and we're going to work very hard to ensure that we are active participants in the lithium markets in Chile forever.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies and Company.
George D'Angelo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: This is actually George D'Angelo in for Laurence. First question, given the 35% EBITDA margin in bromine, can you just give some puts and takes on what happened in the rest of Performance Chemicals segment and where the weakness was?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I think Scott can do that. But essentially -- or Matt, both of them are here. But essentially, what it is, is if you just look at it, those have always historically been lower margin business, so there wasn't a whole lot of year-over-year change from a dramatic standpoint. But Matt, do you want to comment just a little more?
Matthew K. Juneau: That's correct. On a year-over-year basis, if you look at the FCS, it was flat to slightly up, that would be Fine Chemistry Services piece. If you look at the minerals business, it was roughly flat as well with a little bit of upside versus 2013. So what you're seeing, really, reflects the impact in the bromine franchise year-over-year. So the EBITDA margins would've been somewhat higher, if you will, in 2013 compared to 2014.
George D'Angelo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And can you guys just provide a little bit of a timeline for selling the 3 businesses?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. We're -- our goal is to divest the businesses by year-end. But obviously, that depends a lot upon the third party. So we'll launch the process in the month of February, but -- and we've got a plan laid out to be able to close them by the end of the year, but it depends on who the specific purchasers will be, what their hurdles may be and what the -- you got to deal with the third party. So it could take longer, but that's our goal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: A couple of questions, if I may. First of all, in terms of sort of the strategic thinking in -- I'm sorry to be revisiting ancient history here, but Albermarle spent some capital to build its flame retardant business beyond bromine with phosphorus and minerals. You've sold phosphorus a couple of years ago when that business profitably deteriorated. Now you're selling minerals. So it seems to be kind of a complete about-face from the strategy of, let's say, 10 years ago. Kind of what -- as you kind of look back on your execution over the market developments, what didn't go right for you in sort of building yourself into a flame retardant powerhouse? And how do you -- what do you see yourselves as going forward if it's not a bromine...
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, that's a great question. So I think one thing I'd say is we're a different company today, because of the acquisition, than we were before. So number one, I think in phosphorus, the acquisition that they made was a small phosphorus business, and you could not compete with the Chinese because you just didn't have the volume. You didn't have a big enough position in phosphorus to get your cost to a level where you could be competitive. So that's ultimately the death of that phosphorus business from an Albermarle perspective. If you look at minerals, minerals has been an excellent, excellent acquisition for Albermarle. It has -- it had an outstanding return overall. I think we paid $20 million and assumed some debt for that. And you can see the EBITDA that is -- the kind of EBITDA that's throwing off on an annual basis. So it has been a great -- if I just look forward, it's not going to get the kind -- I don't see the kind of growth for that business that I do in lithium, surface treatment and catalyst and I don't see the profitability. So I don't know that I'd call -- I'd say it was more of a change in circumstances than it was a failed strategy on the minerals business.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then to stay in the flame retardant topic. I thought you -- I heard you say on your prepared remarks that you expect some headwinds on mix or pricing from the European adoption of the new non-styrenic installation. Can you get a little bit more granular on that, why that's going to be a problem for you? And then also, how will the ICL joint venture in the non-styrenic installation flame retardants work for you when it's active later in 2015?
Matthew K. Juneau: Okay. So Dmitry, this is Matt, I'll take that. So the bulk of that headwind actually occurred really this year for us because if you remember, we've been unable to enter the market for the new polymeric flame retardant that is replacing HBCD until late in 2014. So what we have seen is faster conversion from HBCD toward the polymeric replacement, and that impacted our 2014 numbers fairly significantly, and that's what we referred to in the script. As we look to 2015, with the announced joint venture with ICL, we are already selling GreenCrest with our tradename for that polymeric in the market. We're entering the market already, and we really don't have the same kind of headwind year-on-year in 2015 that we had in 2014 versus 2013.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, I got it. So the headwind was really in 2014, and you actually expect it to be a good guide for you in 2015?
Matthew K. Juneau: We expect it to start contributing in 2015.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Luke, when you think about the Rockwood transaction back in July, I think the expectation that you'd hoped to do in '15 was EBITDA over $1 billion and free cash flow closer to $500 million. And at the midpoint, you're about the $100 million off in EBITDA and free cash flow is certainly up quite a bit. Can you help bridge the gap of -- and I know there's foreign currency, yield services, but just kind of help us bridge the gap of where the delta is? And then I have a follow-up.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. So I'll let Scott talk through the bridge. I think on the cash bridge though, the one thing that's important to remember is, remember that the $500 million was on a full year run rate basis, which did not include the tax payments, okay, that we talked about to repatriate the cash. The $100 million to $200 million that we talked about today includes that tax payment, so it's not that big of a gap, as Scott can go through. Scott, can you walk through the bridge, please?
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. So Mike, you've got the numbers, right? So overall, versus what we were expecting, currency plays a big role as you might expect. Roughly $40 million -- as we said, $40 million to $50 million, the same as what it is on a year-over-year basis. The second key one is a change in reporting that we've made with how Rockwood traditionally reported a JV EBITDA. So traditionally, Albermarle has used a net income from our joint ventures and included that in our EBITDA. Rockwood has used a JV EBITDA rather than the net income. And so we've converted them to that same methodology. That drives roughly $25 million. And then you get down to business results and business outlooks, and that's roughly the $100 million that you referred to. The predominant side of that is really in Performance Chemicals and the lack of growth and the challenge that we've had with the drilling fluids and dropping off on the bottom of us. A little bit of lithium but not much. So those are the big drivers. Cash flow, as Luke said, if you would have looked at our free cash flow with that tax payment, it would have been around $100 million in the model, so $500 million less that $400 million tax payment. We're still forecasting $100 million to $200 million of free cash flow next year on a better tax payment primarily and a little bit better in joint venture dividends.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then Luke, when you think about what the -- your earnings potential should be longer term, maybe take us out '17, '18, it might be early, but where do you think the EBITDA potential combined with all the synergy growth potential could be longer term?
Luther C. Kissam: Well, I think we still -- we've got about $50 million of synergies built into this, so there's another $50 million of synergies on top of that. And we've talked about the growth that we would expect. I think that surface treatment, I see no reason they can't continue with double-digit -- high single, double-digit EBITDA growth as long as they can continue to drive their services. So I see that. Catalyst, a high oil upgrade, we've always said we've been in a period of time, depending upon the crude slate, but I expect our catalyst business, refining catalyst continue to grow. And lithium will grow the way we've described it, in the high single digits as well as double-digits once -- mid-double-digits once we see the, really, adoption and proliferation of electronic vehicles. So there's not a reason in this world when we look out '17 and '18, we can't be at $1 billion. We've got just some issues that are impacting us this year from a macroeconomic trend on that price of oil that I can't tell you where that's going to go, and currency just punched us in the gut. So those are the 2 main factors.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Kallo with Robert W. Baird.
Benjamin J. Kallo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Real quickly, housekeeping on the EPS, did that include businesses that you're going to divest? And if so, how much EPS, roundabout, does that include?
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. So that does include the businesses that are being divested. So we're not assuming that there's any divestitures at this point in time. It's roughly $100 million of EBITDA, so a roundabout [ph] EPS impact for you.
Benjamin J. Kallo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then on some of the commentary on FCC, I know you've addressed this. But what are you seeing on the FCC catalyst business right now as far as your refiners? Are they in kind of a shock mode in purchasing, where they're still waiting on commodity price changes? So is that what some of the uncertainty is that you're seeing there?
Luther C. Kissam: I think what we're seeing in FCC catalyst is more, right now, we've got some change outs in the first half -- I mean, not change outs, some competitive trials in the first half of the year that will reduce our volume. We're seeing more in the high oil -- in the clean fuels or the hydro treating catalysts where they seem to be pushing out some trials, pushing out some change outs in running at a little more cost focus. But, Michael, do you want to address that in a little more detail?
D. Michael Wilson: No, I mean, I would say on the FCC side for the full year, I mean, we're still expecting a significant volume growth year-over-year. Now the timing of that from a quarter calendarization standpoint, as Luke has pointed out, is going to be stronger in the second half of the year for the reasons that he has given. But overall, still strong demand growth. And I think that is attributed both to business that we've already won, that's coming on stream and also just the suite of products that we have to offer refiners to solve their problems regardless of what changes they may see in crude dye [ph] or end products. So I don't really see that much of an issue on HOU. It's going to contribute, I think, strongly both to volume and earnings growth in 2015.
Benjamin J. Kallo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then my last question. We understand the foreign currency translation impact, but how is it -- can you run through the business units from a competitive standpoint where you have foreign competitors? And how that changes the competitive landscape because of the currency impact?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think if you look at surface treatment, surface treatment is really very localized and regional. So I don't -- it doesn't have much of an impact on the surface treatment business from a competitive landscape. It has a big transitional impact for us, but from a competitive landscape, because it so -- such a regional business, it doesn't have as big of an impact. If you look at the bromine businesses from a standpoint that's not a European producer really, so the impact there is -- Chemtura of U.S., they've got kind of the same U.S. production that we do, probably sell in the same currencies that we do. They probably got the same yen issue that we do. And ICL is about the same, it's a bucket of currencies. So it may give, overall, an edge a little bit to the Chinese, some of those producers. And Tosoh is a Japanese producer, but doesn't really participate outside of that region. So I don't see that as much of an issue. If you look in our catalyst business, we -- in refining catalysts we sell in the U.S. We got a plant in the U.S. We got a plant in Amsterdam. We've got joint ventures all over the world. W.R. Grace pretty much has the same thing. BASF, their production facilities are the same. So from a competition standpoint, some of that depends upon where you're building your catalyst and where you have to ship it to. So I don't see a tremendous impact there across the portfolio. And with regard to lithium, not really a huge competitive market. So while we have about $40 million or $50 million of translational issues that will impact the what -- our earnings, I don't see it creating a huge competitive impact in any region of the country vis-à-vis our major competitors, with maybe the single exception of bromine out of Asia.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Alex Yefremov with Nomura.
Aleksey V. Yefremov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question on lithium. What kind of volume growth do you expect there this year and next? And also, what are your plans in regards to lithium carbonate expansion in Chile? What is the status of that expansion?
Luther C. Kissam: Alex, I think what you're kind of -- we can barely hear you. I think what you said was, what are we looking at for lithium volumes in 2015? And then there was a question about lithium carbonate that I just didn't catch.
Operator: Mr. Yefremov removed himself from queue, sir.
Luther C. Kissam: Okay, go ahead, Michael, I guess from a volume and a lithium standpoint.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, I mean, I think from a volume standpoint we expect to see continued growth in lithium salts. Again, battery applications are going to drive the market growth predominantly, the non-battery applications or more industrial uses that are going to grow more like GDP. I think what you're going to see us do in terms of the capacity that we have available will increasingly shift that to higher value battery applications away from technical grades. I do think there is going to be some tightness in the market overall in terms of lithium availability, so -- hence, the guidance that we gave that we expected to see higher pricing in lithium. If you think about the downstream of lithium and the organolithiums, I think the one issue is on butyllithium, where we talked about the major business that was lost last year by Rockwood as a key synthesis account switched to a different route that eliminated butyllithium from synthesis. We'll see the full year impact of that this year. Last year was not a full year impact. So I think overall, butyllithium will grow, but we won't completely be able to overcome the loss of that major piece of business that really affected the industry, not just our lithium business.
Luther C. Kissam: And Alex, we couldn't hear what the last question was on lithium carbonate.
D. Michael Wilson: I think the last question you asked was about the plant in Chile. And from a startup standpoint, we see bringing on that capacity in the second quarter to midyear sort of time frame. So -- and then what I think you need to recognize is that, that capacity, the lithium carbonate that we've added there, is predominantly targeted for providing for battery grade accounts. So there will be a qualification period associated with that. So the impact of that from a volume standpoint will come on gradually over time, probably from midyear this year through midyear 2016.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw for closing remarks.
Lorin Crenshaw: Well, thanks to those listening, and I invite you to call us with any further questions, and -- so you have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Lorin Crenshaw – Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Luther C. Kissam – Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Scott A. Tozier – Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer and Senior Vice President D. Michael Wilson – Senior Vice President and President of Catalyst Solutions Matthew K. Juneau – Senior Vice President and President of Performance Chemicals 
Analysts: Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs  David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research Mike Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets Laurence Alexander – Jefferies James Sheehan – SunTrust Chris Kapsch – Topeka Capital Markets Tyler Frank – Robert Baird 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2014 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jateena, and I'll be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Mr. Lorin Crenshaw, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Frances, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Matt Juneau, President, Performance Chemicals; and Michael Wilson, President, Catalyst Solutions. As an initial matter, I would like to note that our discussion today will include statements regarding the proposed merger between Albemarle Corporation and Rockwood Holdings. Certain statements regarding this transaction as well as certain statements related to Albemarle's plans, strategy and expectations regarding the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our filings with the SEC, including those related to the transaction. That same language applies to the statements today. Please note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude discontinued operations, special and non-operating items. Reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. You should also know that this discussion does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or solicitation of any vote or approval. Our filings with the SEC related to the transaction contain important information the proposed transaction. Stockholders and investors should review those filings carefully. They can be obtained free of charge from the SEC’s website, from our Investor Relations website or by calling our Investor Relations Department at 225-388-7322.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Lorin, and good morning, everybody. I’ll start with some comments on the quarter, Scott will review the performance of our business segments and financial results, before providing perspective on our outlook for the rest of the year. I’ll end by providing an update on the Rockwood transaction. At the end of our prepared remarks, Matt and Michael would join us to address your questions.  Third quarter results exceeded our expectations heading into the quarter, with earnings per share $1.14, up 5% year-over-year and up 4% sequentially. Net sales of $642 million also showed solid growth, 9% year-over-year and up 6% sequentially. EBITDA was $145 million and EBITDA margins were 23%.  All in all, this was a very good quarter. Scott will go into the details, but our performance was primarily driven by Catalyst Solutions, which has a great year so far with 27% segment income growth through the first nine months versus the comparable period of 2013.  Third quarter Catalyst results reflected solid refinery and polyolefin catalysts volume growth year-over-year and positive refinery catalyst pricing. Our catalysts team delivered these results while safely and successfully brining on line additional capacity at our Bayport FCC plant which is a credit to the focus of each of the employees involved as they executed plant turnaround without missing a beat. To date, this expansion which was necessary to meet the projected demand of our existing customers is reducing own spec TOPAZ catalysts at expected operational rates.  Catalyst performance offset weaker-than-expected results within Performance Chemicals. Performance Chemicals’ profits declined year-over-year on lower Fire Safety Solutions pricing and operational issues at some of our bromine units which led to higher manufacturing costs. These headwinds were partially offset by better pricing in specialty chemicals and higher volumes across the GBU.  Heading into November, these operational issues appear to be behind us. As we announced during the quarter Albemarle and Israel Chemicals agreed to establish a manufacturing joint venture for a bromine based polymeric flame retardant to replace HBCD in the construction end markets. HBCD is being phased out in the European Union and other countries.  The joint venture will own two plants, one in the Netherlands which is already in operation and producing commercial volumes and one in Israel which is scheduled to come on line within the next few months. The transaction is subject to certain closing conditions, including regulatory approval, but is expected to close in 2015. This venture represents the most cost effective and timely means for us to bring our GreenCrest product to the market.  We were also pleased to close the previously announced sale of our antioxidant, ibuprofen and propofol businesses to SI Group in the third quarter and received the associated cash proceeds from the sale. The divestiture improves our overall company margins, tightens our focus and places these assets into the hands of a company with a more strategic focus in those end markets.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott, to discuss our business results and outlook. 
Scott A. Tozier: Thanks, Luke. I’m pleased to report that the third quarter came in better than we expected. Those results increase our confidence that we will deliver annual earnings growth well in that (7:40) 2% to 7% range that we shared in January. Overall, third quarter net sales rose 9% year-over-year to $642 million and we delivered segment income of $140 million, up 3% and segment margins of 22%.  Three special items impacted our results this quarter. First, we had acquisition and financial costs related to the Rockwood transaction of approximately $11 million after tax or $0.14 per share. We also had a $0.01 per share expense related to non-operating pension and OPEB items, offset by a $0.02 per share tax-related gain.  In addition, we reported $6.7 million after tax or $0.08 per share in losses related to discontinued operations. These items led to a loss of approximately $0.21 per share, which added back to our reported EPS of $0.93 gets you to our adjusted EPS of $1.14 for the period.  Now, let me turn to the business details. Catalyst delivered an outstanding quarter with net sales of $278 million, up 23% year-over-year. Segment income was $60 million, up 18%, and segment margins of 22%.  As we discussed in July, margins were negatively impacted year-over-year and sequentially by lower production rates in Bayport during our previously announced turnaround and initial sales of AlkyClean, a solid asset, alkylation catalyst designed to increase the refineries octane yield. If I adjust for these two items, segment margin would have been around 25%.  With Refinery Catalyst Solutions, higher FCC and CFT pricing and higher CFT volumes year-over-year have a favorable impact on the quarter. CFT volumes were up double digits even without the benefit of the AlkyClean orders. As a result, Refinery Catalyst Solutions achieved another quarter of double-digit sales and profit growth year-over-year.  Performance Catalysts Solutions delivered a second consecutive quarter of solid growth. Volumes and profits were up double digits year-over-year on growth and demand for polyolefin catalyst components and good traction within finished catalysts from both the volume and new product standpoint. Performance Chemicals reported third quarter net sales of $365 million, flat year-over-year and segment income of $80 million, down 7% and segment margins of 22%. These results reflected Fine Chemistry Services and Specialty Chemical profit growth offset by lower Fire Safety Solutions profits.  Fine Chemistry Services reported its highest profit quarter of the year largely driven by exceptional volumes within the pharmaceutical end market in particular where we able to move quickly accommodate a particularly large order and several other small orders this quarter. We were able to respond to these opportunities due to the flexibility and quality of our manufacturing assets and our ability to quickly move products to market.  It is noteworthy that this division delivered excellent quarterly profit margins despite the headwind of not being able to recognize approximately $3 million of profit on the shipment to SIGA Technologies, a custom pharmaceuticals customer that filed for bankruptcy during the quarter.  These orders helped in filling the gap we had from the contract loss that we discussed in the second quarter. Specialty Chemicals reported strong volume and profit growth year-over-year. Results were driven by strong methobromide volumes and continued strong curatives results. Clear Completion Fluids demand improved where the customer specific inventory management issues reflect last quarter subsided, resulting in a sharp improvement in sequential volume and profit levels.  Within First Safety Solutions, revenue was lower and profits were down double digits year-over-year, reflecting weaker pricing across the bulk of our brominated flame-retardant portfolio, less favorable mix and operational issues at some of our units which led to higher manufacturing costs. As Luke noted earlier, the operational issues are now behind us.  Brominated flame-retardant volumes in the quarter were up year-over-year and we expect full year volumes to rise in the low-to-mid single digit range. In addition, as we have said all year, our order book trends continue to indicate a gradual mix shift in our electronics portfolio toward servers, automotive electronics and other growing digital applications with a corresponding decline in exposure to the slower growing PC and TV enclosure end markets.  If we look at our total bromine portfolio across the Fire Safety Solutions and Specialty Chemicals division, we actually saw volume growth of 8% year-over-year, revenue growth of 3% and margins north of 30%. We would also expect to see a continuation of the trend toward less bromine being used in flame-retardant applications as other applications continue to grow faster. Moving on to a few P&L items, SG&A expenses were $66 million during the quarter and R&D expense ended the quarter at $22 million, both in line with expectations.  Year-to-date free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations adding that pension contributions and subtracting capital expenditures was a $112 million for the quarter and has risen over 80% versus the year-ago period driven by the continued in working capital and lower CapEx spend.  As previously announced, our goal is to permanently reduce working capital by at least $100 million by the end of 2015 as part of a broader supply chain transformation initiative. We continue to make excellent progress and we actually hit our goal this quarter, net working capital was down to 23.7% of revenue which represents $105 million of cash savings from year-end 2013.  With our major bromine and catalyst related growth projects behind us, we continue to benefit from lower CapEx this year and are tracking toward $100 million to $120 million, in line with our prior full-year guidance. For the third quarter 2014, CapEx was $30 million and totaled $77 million year to date. This represents over a 40% decline versus the comparable period of 2013.  We saw a 27% sequential increase in our cash balances to $653 million, reflecting the combination of the receipt of the proceeds from the sale of our antioxidant, ibuprofen and propofol businesses and lower working capital. As a result, net debt, excluding non-guaranteed JV debt, ended the period at $393 million, or just 0.7 times EBTIDA as we continue to position ourselves to fund the upcoming Rockwood acquisition.  Our effective tax rate, excluding special items, non-operating pension and OPEB items, for the quarter was 18.9%, down 360 basis points year-over-year. At this time, with the same exclusions, we expect our full-year rate to be 21.7% driven by the favorable mix of income in lower tax jurisdictions.  I’d like to close my remarks with our outlook for the balance of the year. Catalyst Solutions is tracking nicely toward our target of year-over-year double digit segment income growth with a good balance in both volume and pricing gains contributing to that growth. Performance Catalyst Solutions is performing in line with expectations with top line volume growth, offset by higher costs and tough market dynamics.  The Refinery Catalyst Solutions division has been the largest contributor to growth. Heavy oil upgrading is benefitting from continued strong demand globally for our FCC catalysts designed to handle heavy resin-based feedstocks and maximize propylene yield. We are also benefitting from our previously announced price increase.  Similarly, Clean Fuel Technologies is on track to deliver strong double digit profit growth for the year, despite relatively flat annual volumes driven by favorable mix. Overall, our outlook for Catalyst Solutions still calls for fourth quarter segment income near second quarter levels which would result in double digit earnings growth for the full year.  Turning to Performance Chemicals, in terms of brominated flame-retardants our assessment of the market and our order book trends continue to lead us to assume as we have all year that while volume trends continue to stabilize in most applications, pricing remains relatively soft and we don’t expect absolute growth in earnings or volumes year-over-year.  The Fine Chemistry Services division is working hard to replace the major contract that was lost during the second quarter in time to impact 2015 and made progress toward that goal during the third quarter.  Overall, we continue to expect segment income from Performance Chemicals to come in below 2013 levels as we indicated on our July earnings call. Given the moving parts and normally weaker fourth quarter in flame retardants, we expect Q4 income to be flat for this business versus 2013.  As we enroll all of the various factors up by business and account for the excellent third quarter results, we are confident in our ability to deliver earnings growth for the full year, that is well within the range that we share in January.  And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Luke. 
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Scott. Let me take a few minutes to update you on the Rockwood transaction. First of all, with each interaction with the leadership teams of the two Rockwood businesses, I grow increasingly excited about the growth opportunities ahead for our combined company.  As you know, Albemarle has been pursuing an entry into the lithium market for some time. It is clear from the S-4 disclosures that both the Rockwood and Albemarle boards have recognized the strategic fit of our two companies and the value of a possible combination for over two years.  Let me give you a little more color as to why. From an operational standpoint, Albemarle starts with brine produces bromine and derivatizes that bromine into higher value bromine salts and organic bromine derivatives like flame retardants. Similarly, Rockwood with the ore or brine to produce lithium salts, including lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. We expect cost savings and efficiencies by sharing technology and knowhow related to these processes.  In addition, both companies have expertise in handling metal alkyls which are highly flammable pyrophoric materials. Albemarle is a leader in aluminum alkylage used in polyolefin production and Rockwood is a leader in lithium alkyls used in among markets synthetic rubber production. There is a tremendous amount of knowhow and expertise in the production, packaging, shipping and container fleet management of alkyls. And we are confident that sharing that knowhow will present opportunities for significant supply chain and manufacturing efficiencies.  From a customer standpoint, lithium and bromine derivatives overlap in serving a number of global end markets, including consumer electronics, automotive, polymers, Ag and pharmaceuticals, and the combination will provide increased customer reach and access.  Likewise, Albemarle’s aluminum alkyls and Rockwood lithium alkyls serve both the polyolefin and synthetic rubber markets. Having one company, they can provide both lithium and aluminum alkyls for production of different polymer types, should result in increased selling opportunities for the combined entity.  Ultimately, by bringing these businesses together, we will be able to provide customers with a broader set of value added solutions in a more efficient manner. That should drive revenue and profit growth as well as margin expansion. None of these types of synergies are included within our previously announced synergy target. Obviously, these benefits cannot be achieved without first successfully integrating our two organizations.  Since we announced the acquisition, our integration team has been hard at work preparing to combine our two companies and developing detailed plans to capture the $100 million in cost synergies we identified. Overall, I am more confident today in our ability to deliver these synergies within that two year time horizon.  I am also more confident that we can obtain these synergies without negatively impacting how Rockwood goes to market and serves its customers. Our integration team which includes members from both companies has been meeting regularly with a focus on being ready for day one opportunities and planning for realization of synergies. They have identified concrete plans that give us a clear path to achievement of the $100 million in synergies within the first two years.  We expect about half of the synergies to result from the elimination of duplicate overhead and back office costs, the remainder will come from leveraging our increased scale to lower sourcing costs, asset and site consolidations, implementing the best practices of both companies across the whole and a more streamlined organizational structure with fewer layers of management. We expect to realize at least $30 million of synergies on day one and at least, $50 million in the first year.  Let me give you a bit more detail on the sources of above and beyond duplicative costs. The first opportunity will come from improving the manufacturing operations, primarily by applying best practices and our increased purchasing power to reduce spending in areas such as maintenance, storage and other services. The second opportunity includes several major initiatives to realize significant savings through better supply chain management, leveraging the new scale of the business to our advantage.  We believe the largest savings will come from redesigning our distribution network, leveraging the same suppler contracts for different materials, warehouses, transportation and services and expanding centralized purchasing of raw materials and services. The third opportunity comes from site consolidations around the world where we have duplicative sales offices and facilities. While we are still working through the diligence process of all facilities, Rockwood and Albemarle have a number of sites within a very close proximity of each other. And we have a team reviewing possible opportunities within the plant manufacturing units as well.  The fourth major opportunity includes IT rationalization of wide and local area networks, applications and infrastructure which will provide for further savings. An additional medium term opportunity is using shared services to consolidate back office activities into Albemarle’s existing low cost, shared service centers and common platforms. As you can see, we’re focused on lower value, high cost activities that will not affect Rockwood’s customer service or market strategies. From a regulatory perspective, things are moving forward as expected.  In the United States, the Hartt-Scott-Rodino waiting period expired on September 8. We also recently received clearance from Turkey, Taiwan and Russia and clearance is currently expected from Korea before the shareholder meeting. We expect unconditional clearance from the European Commission at the end of the phase one period on November 13. Finally, we are currently in pre-acceptance review with the Ministry of Commerce of the Peoples Republic of China. We have had good engagement with the China regulatory authorities and do not anticipate any substantive antitrust problems to arise during the review. We expect to receive China clearance during the first quarter of 2015.  In August, we successfully syndicated each component of the financing required to fund this transaction across our bank group. In addition, although we were prepared with committed financing to close the deal without cash proceeds from the sale of Rockwood’s pigment business to Huntsman, we were pleased to see the October 1 close of that deal and receipt by Rockwood of the associated $950 million in cash proceeds. With these milestones behind us and continued strong cash generation, we are well positioned financially to close this transaction as soon as shareholder and regulatory approvals are in hand. In summation, the Albemarle businesses delivered strong third quarter results despite certain obstacles and we are right on track to achieve the full year 2014 earnings growth well within the 2% to 7% range that the forecasted in January.  Integration planning is on track and I am seeing promising early results. I am confident in our ability to achieve the $100 million of synergies within the first two years. I am excited about the long-term growth potential for the combined company and our potential to deliver more consistent and predictable earnings growth for our shareholders. This combination creates a platform of businesses which will generate tremendous cash flow. We will use that cash to rapidly deleverage while continuing to invest in the businesses and return capital to shareholders to drive future returns. The bottom line is that the combination of Albemarle and Rockwood is a tremendously compelling both from a strategic and financial perspective. We have great confidence in our ability to deliver significant value to shareholders over the long term, bringing these two companies together and I am looking forward to closing the deal as soon as possible. With that, at this time, I’ll turn the call back over to Lorin for question and answers.
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, we’re ready to open the lines for Q&A. And I would just remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time, so everyone have the chance, then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ons if time allows. Please proceed, operator.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Bob Koort representing Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs : Thanks. Good morning.
Luther C. Kissam : Hey, Bob.
Scott A. Tozier: Hey, Bob.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: Luke, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you seen on oil price, in fact, on both your catalyst business and clear brine fluids business?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I appreciate the question. From an oil standpoint, oil price standpoint, we really don’t see a impact on the catalyst business. The oil price, that catalyst demand is really driven more by transportation fuel demand and demand for plastics. In the oil price, we haven’t seen and don’t expect it to have any significant impact on our catalyst business. From a clear completion fluids business, I think you have to break it down whether it’s a – you’re just drilling a well in a new field, in an existing field, whether you are using a – extending an existing field or whether it’s a new brownfield project, there has been a lot of conversations, but, if you look at Halliburton, Baker Hughes, Schlumberger and the oil companies on the impact, I don’t think we’re expecting to see any short-term impact, but if oil stays down at that $80 or less barrel, I think you are going to see some of those projects longer term, start pulling back. So we could see an impact not in the short term, but in the longer term, you need to see oil stay down this way for an extended period of time to have that impact, Bob.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: And then my follow-up in the bromine flame retardant business, you talked about some volume improvement, and I guess our expectation is in a relatively narrow market as a competitive dynamic, maybe that should lead to some better pricing, but you continue to see weak price, and can you explain why that’s happening and if there is any opportunity maybe to see some stabilization there?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think year over year, we’re talking about price degradation. So we’ve seen price degradation year over year as we thought we would. Sequentially, I think we’ve seen some more price stabilization. One of the big things that you’ve seen is in the transition from HBCD to the polymeric flame retardant that is underway and we’ve seen some real pricing pressure there both in the new product as well as in HBCD which makes up a lot of the year over year decline. And so, that’s what I’d say about that on a year-over-year basis. But sequentially, it’s not as down as much. And Matt, you want to add any further color to that? 
Matthew K. Juneau: I think Luke has got it right, that’s the right message, Bob. If you look at the HBCD situation, just expanding on that a little bit, remember that’s a construction organic product, it’s very dependent on Europe and as we are in this transition, there has been increasing pressure on HBCD as companies move to the polymeric, plus the weakening economy that we saw in the latter part of the quarters in Europe especially, had some additional impact. On the other spaces in FR, honestly, we continue to see signs of stabilization and less sequential issues, we’re really comparing a year-over-year problem.
Luther C. Kissam: But, Bob, we are always looking for ways to drive value. So, we certainly look for opportunities on a product by product basis where we can move those prices.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thank you very much.
Luther C. Kissam: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter representing Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Good morning. 
Luther C. Kissam: Hey, Dave.
Scott A. Tozier: Hey, Dave.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: Luke, very strong results in catalysts. First, on the pricing and really on the FCC pricing, what types of realizations have you seen here and what’s potential for further FCC price increases going forward?
Luther C. Kissam: I’ll turn it over to Michael to address those. But, you remember we announced over a year ago that we were looking at a 10% price increase in FCC catalysts and we would – that would take about two to three years to implement given the way that the contracts roll and I think we’re right on track where we thought we would be with regard to pricing overall. I mean, there is some pockets here and pockets there, but overall, we are right on track where we ought to be. Michael?
D. Michael Wilson: Yes. I think not to get too granular, as I look across the entire GBU and look at the price impact on revenue, prices have contributed sort of low single digit percentages to overall revenue growth for the year and so – 
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: Okay. 
D. Michael Wilson: Refinery catalyst, I mean, we’ve said all along there has been price pressure on the Performance Catalysts Solutions side particularly in polyolefin. or the products going into polyolefin. So, most of the benefit has been refinery catalyst.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: Understood. And on the volume growth in the quarter, which is a high water mark, how should that trend in Q4? And how much of that was initial – can you break down the 20% a little bit more granularly in terms of sustainability and one-off items?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. When you look at that, I mean, it’s really across both of our refinery and catalyst businesses, so both the Heavy Oil Upgrading or FCC business and Clean Fuels. The biggest volume gain that we saw in the third quarter in terms of year-over-year comparisons was in the Clean Fuels Technologies and we did have a significant sale of a new product that we’ve talked about both on prior calls and in our opening comments here that benefited us. But I think the better way to look at is to sort of take the whole year and I think about the forecast for the whole year on a volume basis and we’re going to see sort of across refinery and catalyst high-single digits of volume growth and that’ll be a little bit higher on the FCC side than the CFT side.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews representing Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Thank you, and good morning everyone. Could you just give us a sense on margins as we trend through 4Q and into 1Q, and I guess into the full your next year, what should the year-over-year progression in margins be? Have we seen the bottoming out, and we should start to see improvement, or what's the cadence going to look like? 
Luther C. Kissam: We’re just rolling up our annual operating plan. We are in the middle of that right now and it always rolls up, always get it back a little bit and get some cost out from the wish list and all that, but – so I don’t really have a feel for next year. I don’t see anything dropping off the fact of the earth. I think you would kind of see similar types of margins on a full year run rate basis that we would see in the second half at a very, very high level for the Albemarle businesses. But, with regard to the quarters, there’s always some lumpiness in the quarter, but I wouldn’t see a whole lot of change from third to fourth, it’s about where I would see it. 
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And just on foreign exchange, if we hold the existing rates constant, can you just give us a sense of the, with the pretty big move coming out of the third quarter, how should we be thinking about transactional and translational heading into 4Q and into next year?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I’ll turn it over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. So, the two big foreign exchange exposures that we have are in the Euro and the Japanese Yen as we previously talked about. So – and both have had relatively high moves in the last month. So, if I look at the fourth quarter, there is about – if I look at the Euro, there is probably about $1.5million of pressure on Op profit from the Euro and about $10 million in revenue, and from the Yen, it is probably about the same amount, $1.5 million of our profit and the same in revenue. Normally, on a full year basis, the Euro is a bit more balanced and it just depends on the mix of what we’re shipping. So, the Euro will generally run about $1 million a year for a 1% move and the Yen is about the same. So, 1% move in the Yen rate will generate about $1 million. So depending what’s going on an annual basis.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks so much. I’ll pass it along.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy, representing Bank of America. Please proceed.
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Yes. Good morning.
Luther C. Kissam: Hey
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America:  Luke, if we rewind to your last call in late July, I think you had sent somewhat more cautious signals referencing the customer order that you lost in Asia in Performance Chemicals and so forth and I know the results are coming in quite a bit better than expected. So, at a very high level, can you just kind of walk us through maybe the two or three most important variances and which particular businesses trended better than you might have expected a few months ago?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. So, if we look back as we said on the call, catalysts outperformed a little bit, better than we expected particularly in Performance Catalysts Solutions where we saw higher profitability than we expected. The big – the other two big changes what I would say was, in July, we did not have a feel for the – that big order that we lost in the custom services business, and we said it was about $15 million over the second half of the year. So we were looking at that as a gap.
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Right.
Luther C. Kissam: I think it’s in Scott’s comments we were able – had some – do a lot of hard work, there was some sales that we were able to fill our assets with and that’s a real tribute to those employees and the flexibility of those assets, but they were opportunistic and they are one time, so they got to do it again. And so we feel that that was a big mover and then we had some methyl bromide that we talked about that was hard than we expected that we didn’t expect in July that came through. So, those are the big buckets right there. Big month of bromide sales and good working custom services and then tax helped us as well.
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: That’s helpful. As a second question, your tax rate is coming down appreciably this year, you referenced 21.7%, what are your thoughts on how that might trend in 2015 for legacy Albemarle and if you were to layer in the Rockwood business, how might that affect 2015 rate as well?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I’m going to give that to Scott. What I think though I – we’re going to really work really hard, not to say legacy Albemarle and the new Rockwood businesses, it’s grow – when we close the sucker we’re going to all be one company. So, we’re going to – he’ll talk to you about what it will be as standalone and together. Okay, Kevin, is that fair?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I’ll buy that. Yes.
Scott A. Tozier: On the former Albemarle company, the big driver as we always talk about is really where the income is being generated, and in the third quarter, really driven by the strong results out of our hydro processing catalyst business; we had great results coming out of Europe which is a lower tax jurisdiction for us. And so that’s what drives our tax rates down as you look at the full year basis. And so, we generally are – we’re trying to watch and plan out where those incomes are and so, as you go into 2015 as Luke said, the AOP is till stock coming together, we really don’t have a good sense of how that mix will come in, I would guide people to that 24% to 25% range because that’s the balanced view of performance across our various regions. 
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Okay.
Scott A. Tozier: As you look at the combination of the companies, we’ve been planning – the Rockwood tax rate is a little bit higher and so we’ve been guiding people to the 25% to 26% range from of effective tax rate. 
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Okay. That’s helpful. And I guess at the risk of overstaying my welcome here, I was wondering if I might ask a clarifying question related to your adjusted EPS, you’ve got quite a few different special items as you enumerated, one of the line items was amortization of financing fees of $7 million pretax or about $0.06 per share.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes.
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Are you backing that out or leaving it in the number of a $1.14 adjusted EPS?
Scott A. Tozier: No that has been backed out of the $1.14. So that is not – 
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn representing Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Good morning and congratulations on a stronger quarter. A couple of questions if I may, first of all, revisiting the first question on the catalyst business and sustainability of the 20% growth in volume, you sounded like most of that was or a large extent was driven by HBC catalysts, that tempts to be a fairly lumpy business, so as we are looking today into the fourth quarter, was there any sort of one-time shipments that we should not project into the fourth quarter and is the overall volume, given the year-ago comps likely to be higher or lower of next year? Or not comparing, not next year, in the fourth quarter?
Scott A. Tozier: Well, for the fourth quarter, they really talk about refinery catalyst in two pieces, if I look at the FCC or heavy oil upgrading, we‘ll definitely be up in volume quarter over quarter since prior year and CFT, just from a timing of order standpoint, I expect that CFT volumes will be down just – if you remember we had a blockbuster quarter in CFT in the fourth quarter of the last year with some really large orders that went through, so – 
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay. So, if I look at it net-net, that volume number for the fourth quarter should be closer to zero?
 Scott A. Tozier: Across all of refinery catalysts?
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Correct. 
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. I’m not sure. I don’t really look at it that way. Again, I’d go back to the comment I made earlier that if I look at the full year, year over year, we’re going to have sort of high-single digit volume growth across refinery catalysts. The FCC or HOU piece is likely to be closer to double digits. 
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Got it, okay. And then second question on or is a follow-up on the catalyst question, you mentioned metals pricing and rare earth surcharges, if you look at the third quarter results on year-over-year basis, were they surcharges for FCC, or rare earth high or lower, also, has there been move quarterly from the second quarter to the third quarter, and as you look out to your sort of raw material the molybdenum, the nickel, the cobalt, the rare pricing for 2015, would you expect there to be a little bit of an inflation or a little bit of a deflation going into 2015?
Scott A. Tozier: The metal surcharges that were in the third quarter are really very minor. And in fact, I wouldn’t characterize those as surcharges, I would characterize those as the pass-through of metal costs that are in our basic formulas in our CFT business. So, it’s predominantly to mole, but to your broader question, as I look at the prices of the those metals across the year, they’ve been trading in fairly tight range, I mean they move up a quarter and move down a quarter. We don’t see anything that’s going to have sort of a long-term significant impact on metals prices now or as we look into 2015. It’s really been a fairly stable market. 
Luther C. Kissam: So, Dmitry, this is Luke. We are not anticipating anything on rare earth like we saw a few years ago, that significant spike in the rare earth pricing. And we are also not expecting the decline in the mole pricing that we saw at the end of 2008 where we got stuck with all that inventory. We watch it consistently. We don’t see any big wild swings approaching us right now, but we remain ever vigilant. 
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay. So if I can finish off the question, the thought, if you look at the FCC pricing where you talk about pricing being up, that would be up exclusive of rare earth surcharges or maybe even overcoming the rare earth surcharges if they are coming.
Scott A. Tozier: I mean you ought to look at rare earth surcharges year-over-year as essentially flat. 
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay. So pricing was real pricing there?
Scott A. Tozier: Is real pricing, that’s exactly, that’s the point, that’s right. 
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: That’s great. Thank you. That’s all I have. 
Operator:
 :
Mike Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey, guys. How are you doing? A nice quarter. You noted increased confidence in integration synergy for the transaction which is great, can you talk a little bit about your confidence about, regarding long-term growth prospects of lithium and surface treatment, have you spent any more time on that front over the last couple of months?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, we have, we look at it and had some more time with that leadership and I’m more – I am just as confident, not wavering at all on the growth aspects long term for lithium as well as for that surface treatment business. They’ve got great plants in place, good team in place to be able to drive that growth and we are excited about closing that deal and getting altogether and pushing it forward. 
Mike Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Great. And then just a follow-up question on bromine pricing, was that – is the weakness global or is it sort of isolated still China and India? And when you think about what could – what you need to happen to see price increases improve in 2015? And maybe comment on those tax increases from the Israelis here that could probably help as well. Just maybe your thoughts on what’s going to help pricing as we head into over the 12 to 24 months?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. There has been a lot of press about the tax in Israel. So, let me start with that. It is so new, I know there has been some analyst reports out on it, we obviously look at that, it is very difficult right now to tell exactly the impact that will have, but I caution everybody that that tax goes into play in 2017, not 2015. So there may be a longer-term impact, but for the short term, so there’ll be no tax impact there. So it’s something we’re keeping our eye on, but a lot can change between now and 2017. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Matt. 
Matthew K. Juneau: So, Mike, as we talked before, the pricing issues have been much more around India and China than the rest of the world and that probably still continues. So, I would say you are right in your analysis that that’s places to watch it out for. And then, if it goes global, it gets back more to like we talked about HBCD where it’s a specific product in issue because of specific circumstances like we’re seeing going on with the HBCD, HBCD transition to the polymeric flame retardant. 
Mike Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Luther C. Kissam: Amen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander representing Jefferies. 
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: Good morning.
Scott A. Tozier: Hey. 
Luther C. Kissam: Hey, Laurence. 
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: So two simple ones, on the working capital improvement, was there an associated earnings headwind from that and what are your new working capital targets? And secondly, just to clarify on the ramp up at TAKREER, what’s your current thinking about potential Tier 1s into next year, I mean any way to quantify the range?
Scott A. Tozier:  Yes. So, on the working capital – let me take the working capital and then Michael can handle the TAKREER question. So working capital, like we said, was below our target, so below 24%, really five quarters are early than we expected, so our challenge right now is to make sure that those reductions are permanent where there is a lot of work to go into making sure that the processes are going to deliver that kind of result on a ongoing basis. So, that’s really the focus. So, at least for right now, our focus on making those process changes permanent and not just a one-time result. From an earnings perspective, certainly, as we planned for at the beginning of the year, with those working capital targets, as you look at the first nine months, there’s probably about a $15 million to $20 million cost headwind from our manufacturing variances as a result of that. So we wanted to – let me say that differently, in order to maintain the inventory levels that we have at the end of last year through this nine-month period, there have been another roughly, call it, $20 million of manufacturing absorption in our numbers. And so, we think this is the right answer for the company, the right balance between both the earnings as well as the cash generation that we have to perform, deliver to you on an ongoing basis. Michael, you want to talk about the TAKREER situation? 
D. Michael Wilson: Yes. In terms of the TAKREER refinery, I mean the latest information we have is that the refinery is slated or start-up in the end of the fourth quarter, so December time frame, however, this is a massive project. So, commissioning on the unit has already begun as we indicated at our end of second quarter call. We’ve begun supplying initial shipments of catalyst to the refinery in anticipation of a start-up. It’s very hard to predict on a refinery this size and complexity. How quickly it will get up to sort of steady state run rates, I mean that could take a quarter, could take two quarters etcetera. So, there is no question that TAKREER will benefit us in terms of our heavy oil upgrading, FCC catalyst volumes in 2015, but we’ll probably be cautious about how quickly that will ramp up in terms of impact as we go through each quarter of the year. 
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Sheehan representing – SunTrust. Please proceed.
James Sheehan – SunTrust: Good morning. Just a follow-up on the Israeli tax increase, if that goes through in 2017, how would that affect your JV plans in Israel, how do you see the economics playing out there and what is your view on the influence that this tax should have on industry dynamics?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I want to be clear, I mean, first of all, let’s be absolutely positive to everybody out there what joint venture we’re talking about, joint bromine company which is located in Jordan where we can produce derivatives as well as our largest bromine production unit, has no impact at all, is not affected at all by this Israeli tax increase. We do have entered into a joint venture, an agreement to form a joint venture with the Israeli chemical company related to the GreenCrest product and we knew there was a possibility of this tax when we were going in and it will have some impact on costs, but it’ll be minimal for our overall brominated portfolio, it’s how I would say it. If you look at industry overall, it’s too early to tell, I mean if it’s going to – I don’t know how it’s going to be viewed, are they going to increase cost, always get nervous any time there’s a tier taxing structure, because somebody is going to do the math to understand what the pricing ought to be to maximize their profitability and lower their taxes. So until we have a chance to study at more, I think – I don’t know how it’s going impact to us, but it’s going to – if it increases cost, that means if ICL is going to need to do something to maintain their level of profitability and that could be a good thing long term. But again, this doesn’t happen until 2017 and there’s a lot of time between now and 2017 to see what happens. 
D. Michael Wilson: Maybe add one thing, remember this does have to go through the Israeli Knesset to – but at this point, it’s still in committee recommendation.
James Sheehan representing – SunTrust: Thank you. And also on the lithium business with Rockwood, just wondering your views on the drop in oil prices and the possible impact that could have on the electric vehicle market, has the decline in oil changed your long term assumptions at all?
Luther C. Kissam: Well. First of all, I haven’t changed my assumptions at all, because what I think what’s driving the electronic vehicle adoption one, is not so much what the gas price is, it’s more from an environmental standpoint, are we using less of the oil and can we develop a cost effective electronic vehicle and they are in the process of doing that. We also have excellent growth in lithium with or without that environment, with or without the electronic vehicles and this is, oil has got to be down for a long, long time in order for it to have an impact. So, overall, I don’t really see the link as much, I think electronic vehicles, there is going to be a niche in the market, it’s going to have a demand for that and it will continue to grow and I haven’t backed off any way what I think our growth opportunities are for that lithum business.
James Sheehan representing – SunTrust: And just on the operational issues you had in Performance Chemicals, about how much business did you lose from that and do you expect to regain any in the fourth quarter?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think, whenever you talk about operational issues, we know for a fact it added costs whether or not it actually cost this business and we missed some sales, it’s hard to say, probably missed some, but those were third quarter sales, those people buy from us and buy from other people at the same time. So I don’t see that’s going to impact us going forward from a loss of business standpoint. I don’t see a catch-up in the fourth quarter either. So I think it’s business we could add, we lost and it cost us some extra money, it’s behind us, and now we focus on going forward and delivering quality product to our customers on time and on spec.
James Sheehan representing – SunTrust: Thanks a lot. Luke.
Luther C. Kissam: Amen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch representing Topeka Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Chris Kapsch – Topeka Capital Markets : Good morning. Luke, you sound like you have increased confidence in the synergy target and appreciate the details surrounding the roadmap in order to drive and achieve those synergies, just wondering in the context of your comments about the combined company generating tremendous cash flow, wondering if, a couple of things, one, maybe quantify that. Also, what sort of cost are you going to incur in order to get after these synergies to accomplish the $100 million in run rate synergies and over what time? And are you contemplating any throttling back in CapEx for either company over the near term in order to help drive tremendous cash flow? Thanks.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. If you look at – let me be short and get all those. I think the cash flow that we outlined in the S-4 is still our most up-to-date view on what that cash flow would be. So, nothing’s changed on that. From a cost perspective, it is going to cost us somewhere to get a $100 million, it is going to cost us somewhere between a $150 million to $175 million to get that kind of cost as best we can look at it today. So a pretty good return on that investment. And from a CapEx standpoint, I think what we say consistently is we’re in the 4% to 6% range of revenue for the combined company and we would expect that that would be consistent still from what we see going forward. I don’t see a need to leverage back in the investments of these businesses in order to deleverage. That was all within our forecast within the S-4 and I still where we believe we are today. We generate sufficient cash to deleverage rapidly and invest in the business that we need to do to maintain those assets and grow the business.
Chris Kapsch – Topeka Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. And then a follow-up, just parsing the commentary more near term about the pricing dynamic in brominated flame retardants, just want to understand if obviously with HBCD being phased out, I understand – I would expect the pricing pressure to intensify as that product line sunsets, just wondering if you could just – if you excluded the impact in pricing, overall pricing from that product line sequentially or brominated flame retardant – brominated flame retardant pricing, is it flat, is it up or is it still down a little bit sequentially, excluding the HBCD mix effect.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It’s hard to – that’s hard to say a broad statement about brominated flame retardant so rough because they are in such different applications. But what I would say broadly is they are flat sequentially.
Chris Kapsch – Topeka Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tyler Frank representing Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Tyler Frank – Robert Baird:  Hi, guys. A great third quarter. A quick question on sort of the Q4 guidance, obviously on the second quarter call, a little bit more cautious and now you maintain through sort of that, the same Q4 guidance that you did then, albeit you had a very, very strong third quarter and said that the operational issues that occurred during the quarter would now be over. So, I am just trying to get a sense for what you are seeing so far in the fourth quarter and what makes you still sort of have that cautious outlook?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Here is what I’d would say, is I am confident in the fourth quarter. If you look at 2% to 7%, I am very confident in being at or above mid-point of that and if we get some things that break the right way, we got a chance to beat the upper end of that 2% to 7%. We got currency that’s flowing through that, we’ve got HBC with some sales that it forwards the very back end, it could slide one way or another. So, I’m confident at mid point. I think as you look across the businesses though, we got to get some breaks to get to the upper end of that. So we feel really good about, that’s why we said well within the range and we feel very confident about being able to deliver that.
Tyler Frank – Robert Baird: Great. And then, just as a follow-up, for the Rockwood transaction, seems like everything is growing as clean, what should we look for as sort of the next upcoming milestones and what are the biggest risks to the transaction that you see at this point?
Luther C. Kissam: Well, the biggest milestone is the shareholder vote on November 14 and that’s the next milestone, and I don’t see any impediments. I am confident on our ability that the shareholders will give you the vote that we need, we remain confident in talking to shareholders, we are excited about the possibility of getting this behind us, closing this deal, and all coming together to integrate these businesses and what I think is going to be the premier specialty chemical company in this space.
Tyler Frank – Robert Baird: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes the time we have for questions. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw for closing remarks.
Lorin Crenshaw: I’d just say thank you to everyone for your time and your attention. If you have further questions, give us a call. Have a good day.
Operator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Lorin Crenshaw - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Luther C. Kissam - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Scott A. Tozier - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer and Senior Vice President D. Michael Wilson - Senior Vice President and President of Catalyst Solutions Matthew K. Juneau - Senior Vice President and President of Performance Chemicals
Analysts: Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Matthew Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 Albermarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Frances, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may proceed.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Frances, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investor Relations section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Matt Juneau, President, Performance Chemicals; and Michael Wilson, President, Catalyst Solutions. As an initial matter, we would like to note that our discussion today will include statements regarding the proposed merger between Albemarle Corporation and Rockwood Holdings. Certain statements regarding this transaction as well as certain statements related to Albemarle's plans, strategy and expectations regarding the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release posted on our website this morning as well as in our filings with the SEC related to the transaction. That same language applies to this call. Please note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude discontinued operations, special and nonoperating items. Reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. You should also know that this communication does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or solicitation of any vote or approval. In connection with the proposed transaction with Rockwood Holdings, we will file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a preliminary joint proxy statement prospectus regarding the proposed transaction. After the registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC, the definitive joint proxy statement prospectus will be mailed to Albemarle shareholders and Rockwood shareholders. You should review these and other materials filed with SEC carefully as they will include important information regarding the proposed transaction. Stockholders and investors will be able to obtain a free copy of the registration statement and joint proxy statement and prospectus, as well as other filings containing information about Albermarle and Rockwood without charge at the SEC's website, sec.gov, by calling our Investor Relations Department at 225-388-7322 or from other sources, which we identify on our website and in our filings with the SEC. Albermarle, Rockwood, their respective directors, executive officers and certain other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies and favor for the proposed transaction. Information regarding Albemarle's directors and executive officers is available in the proxy statement filed with the SEC on March 28, 2014. And additional information will be contained in the joint proxy statement and prospectus, and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they become available. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources previously mentioned. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Lorin, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with some high-level comments on the quarter and then provide some perspective on the proposed Rockwood transaction. Scott will review the performance of our business segments and financial results, and I will end by providing perspective on our current outlook. At the end of our prepared remarks, Matt and Michael will join us to address your questions. Second quarter results exceeded our expectations heading into our quarter with net income of $86.8 million or $1.10 per share, up 10% from the second quarter of last year and up 11% sequentially. Net sales were $605 million, up 5% year-over-year and 1% sequentially. EBITDA was $145 million, up 11% year-over-year and 6% sequentially. And second quarter EBITDA margins were 24%. Scott will go into the details, but this solid performance was driven mainly by Catalyst Solutions, reflecting better-than-expected customer demand across the segment and higher FCC operating rates in anticipation of a planned August turnaround at our Bayport FCC unit. The strength in catalyst offset Performance Chemicals results, where sales and profits declined year-over-year, mostly due to softer-than-expected clear completion volumes. Overall, we were pleased with the results of the quarter and solid first half with sales growth of 4% and segment margins of 23%, up slightly from the first 6 months of last year. On July 15, we announced an agreement to acquire Rockwood Holdings in a $6.2 billion transaction. This acquisition is all about growth: Growth that is more consistent and predictable than either company enjoys on its own; growth that will deliver outstanding cash generation and create long-term shareholder value. The deal will create a premier specialty chemical company with #1 or #2 global positions across 4 attractive growth businesses in lithium, bromine, catalyst and surface treatment. Each segment has attractive growth prospects, excellent margins and solid market dynamics. The transaction will bring together 2 groups of employees with a proven track record of delivering market-leading technology, product innovation and customized performance-based solutions for their respective customers. The shareholder value which we expect to be created in this transaction comes from 4 main areas. First, Albemarle's revenue and earnings growth will be faster, more sustainable, predictable and consistent. The end markets, geographies and applications served by the combined entity are more diverse than either company enjoys today, which will make results less susceptible to a business cycle in any one area. Second, the $100 million in annual cost synergies we will obtain within 2 years. Third, the transaction will be accretive to cash earnings in the first year and accretive to adjusted EPS in the second year. Longer term, the profitability of the combined company will exceed what either company is forecast to deliver on a stand-alone basis. Finally, the combined company will generate stronger free cash flow, enabling us to rapidly reduce our leverage, fund organic growth and return more capital to shareholders in the form of dividend increases and share buybacks. This transaction creates a much larger company. And while there are benefits to larger scale, such as purchasing leverage, SG&A leverage, enhanced credit ratings and others, this transaction is about much more than just being bigger. This transaction is about creating greater value for our stakeholders. This transaction accelerates growth; diversifies the portfolio; enables predictable, consistent and sustainable growth; and generates the free cash flow necessary to rapidly deleverage and continue returning capital to shareholders, all of which lead to higher shareholder value. We are confident in our ability to deliver the $100 million in annualized synergies. About half of that total will come from the elimination of duplicate costs that both companies are incurring today. For example, we don't need 2 CEOs or 2 CFOs or 2 general counsels. The remainder will come from a more streamlined organizational structure with fewer layers of management, asset and site consolidations, implementing the best practices of both companies across the whole and leveraging our increased scale to realize improved raw material sourcing. One example of a synergy that would fall in this latter category is the fact that in Jordan, we self-produce chlorine that we use in the production of bromine. KOH is a by-product of that chlorine production, and KOH is one of the key raw materials purchased by Rockwood's surface treatment business. We believe we can supply JBC KOH to the surface treatment business and improve our overall profitability. We will follow a 2-in-the-box integration process with employees from Albermarle and Rockwood fully dedicated to the integration team. We have also engaged an experienced third-party in Deloitte Consulting to assist with our integration activities. I am confident our team will not only reach its goal, but it will -- that it will find other areas of cost savings once they become more engaged in the process. Also, we have not included any revenue synergies in our $100 million target, but I am equally confident that there will be those types of opportunities as well. The final point I would make is that if one looks at prior specialty chemicals deals over the past decade, realized synergies have averaged around 8% of the acquired company's sales. Our $100 million target amounts to just under 7% of Rockwood's projected 2014 sales. That makes our target slightly below the historical average, which makes sense given that these 4 businesses don't have tremendous overlap, and the premise of the deal is growth, not cost savings. From a capital structure standpoint, we will initially focus on rapidly paying down debt and reducing leverage. Our optimal leverage will likely be in the range of 2x to 2.5x net debt to EBITDA. Our free cash flow forecast calls for us to be well within these levels around 2017, assuming the deal closes in the first quarter of 2015. As you can tell from our public documents related to the transaction, our debt paydown in 2015 is lower than in either 2016 or 2017. While we expect to generate over $500 million in free cash flow in 2015, a significant portion of that cash flow will be necessary to pay taxes due as a result of the structure of the deal. The structure, however, should allow us to repatriate around $4 billion from outside the U.S., both at closing and going forward. This upfront tax payment allows us to efficiently repatriate the cash necessary to close the transaction, deleverage and ultimately return additional capital to shareholders. This transaction creates a premier specialty chemicals company with leading market positions and attractive end markets and a combined history of providing industry-leading returns to shareholders. Both companies share a culture of strong innovation and a passion for delivering customized performance-based solutions to meet the ever-increasing demands of our customers. I am very excited about what the future holds for the combined company and for all our stakeholders. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott to discuss this quarter's results in greater detail.
Scott A. Tozier: Thanks, Luke. I'm going to begin by reviewing the financial performance of our 2 business segments and then turn to the details on our P&L and cash flow. Overall, net sales rose 5% year-over-year to $605 million, and segment income came in at $141 million or 23% of sales, up 12% year-over-year, as strong Catalyst Solutions financial performance offset weaker Performance Chemicals results. Our year-to-date free cash flow was $253 million, triple the performance from 2013 on better working capital results. From a P&L standpoint, this quarter marks the first time reporting with our antioxidants, propofol and ibuprofen businesses classified as discontinued operations. As previously announced, we have agreed to divest these assets in a transaction that is on track to close this quarter. During Q2, we took a $60 million after tax or $0.76 per share charge to reduce the carrying value of these assets. And in the coming weeks, we will file an 8-K to recast our 2013 Form 10-K for discontinued operations. Just to be clear on the quarter, for your models, the revenue and segment income related to discontinued operations are $59 million and $5 million in Q2 2014 and $57 million and $4 million in Q2 of 2013. We also excluded $3.1 million after-tax or $0.04 per share in acquisition-related costs and a $2.1 million after-tax or $0.03 per share charge related to the write-off of certain cost related to the expansion of a custom services production facility. Finally, we had a $0.01 per share benefit during the period related to nonoperating pension and OPEB items. These 3 items plus the impact of discontinued operations net to $0.82 per share, which added to the reported EPS of $0.28, gets you to our adjusted EPS of $1.10 for the period. Turning to the details now. Catalyst reported second quarter net sales of $271 million, up 16% year-over-year and segment income of $68 million, up 56% year-over-year. Segment margins were 25%, up more than 600 basis points versus the second quarter of 2013. Refinery Catalyst Solutions performed well with double-digit sales growth year-over-year and exceptional profit growth due to substantial margin expansion. Heavy Oil Upgrading results benefited from higher sales, primarily mix driven, and higher production rates ahead of the upcoming August expansion turnaround of our Bayport facility. Clean Fuels Technologies also had a great quarter with profits up double digits driven by strong volumes and favorable mix. Performance Catalyst Solutions also reported solid results with double-digit volume growth across finished catalysts and polyolefin catalysts, reflecting an improved tone to the metallocene polyolefin market. Overall, Catalyst Solutions experienced higher pricing year-over-year with refinery catalyst pricing improvement somewhat offset by lower pricing in Performance Catalyst Solutions. Performance Chemicals reported second quarter net sales of $334 million, down 3% from year-ago levels; and segment income of $73 million, down 12% year-on-year on segment margins of 22%. Profitability in both Specialty Chemicals and Fire Safety Solutions was down, while Fine Chemistry Services results were improved from 2013. The lower Specialty Chemicals results were entirely related to customer-specific inventory management on clear brine fluids in the Middle East that resulted in lower-than-expected sales in the quarter. Excluding this impact, we saw no evidence of weakness across any geography. And from our vantage point, underlying deepwater fundamentals remain favorable. Fire Safety Solutions profit was down mid-single digits year-over-year, largely reflecting weaker pricing and demand associated with HBCD, a flame retardant primarily used in insulation foam, which we are transitioning to an alternative polymeric product, GreenCrest. Across the rest of our brominated flame-retardant portfolio, we continue to see evidence of stabilization year-over-year from both a pricing and volume perspective and order book trends supportive of our view that servers, automotive electronics and other growing digital applications having begun offsetting, though slower, PC and TV enclosure end markets. Fine Chemistry Services reported solid profit growth year-over-year, driven by double-digit volume growth. The primary driver of favorability in this business related to strong electronic materials driven demand, reflecting broadening acceptance of select consumer electronics in this marketplace. Results also benefited from a onetime payment from a customer as a result of a meet or release presented by that customer. Note that while the second quarter impact was positive, the impact on the balance of the year will reduce custom service profits. Moving on to a few P&L items. SG&A expenses were $67 million during the quarter, up 9% year-over-year, driven by higher incentive compensation costs and commissions as we continue to accrue for annual incentive based on compensation versus an extremely low payout in 2013. R&D expense ended the quarter at $22 million, up slightly at 2%. R&D expenses around 3.6% of sales and within our realignment goals to redeploy resources to growth areas. Free cash flow defined as cash flow from operations, adding back pension contributions and subtracting capital expenditures, was $125 million for the quarter and has risen sharply year-to-date. Through the first half of 2014, free cash flow totaled $253 million, up from $80 million in the year-ago period, driven by a $63 million reduction in working capital versus a use of cash last year and $56 million lower CapEx. As previously announced, our goal is to permanently reduce working capital by at least $100 million by 2015 as part of our broader supply-chain transformation initiative. I'm happy with the progress made to date with our net working capital rate as a percentage of sales at 23.5%, down over 130 basis points from year-end, nearly halfway to the $100 million goal. However, we do need to show that we can sustain the gains made and continue to make progress in the rest of 2014. CapEx was only $23 million for the second quarter and totaled $47 million for the first half of 2014, down over 50% year-over-year. With major CapEx expenditures behind us, we expect CapEx to continue tracking toward our prior guidance of $100 million to $125 million for the full year. From a total shareholder return perspective, we returned approximately $122 million to shareholders this quarter, of which $22 million reflected dividends and $100 million related to executing an accelerated share repurchase program. With the announcement of the Rockwood acquisition, we have suspended our repurchase program, reflecting a shift toward cash accumulation between now and the closing of the deal and toward rapid deleveraging thereafter. Overall, our balance sheet remains a source of strength and flexibility with strong liquidity of $515 million in cash reserves, net debt of $541 million, excluding nonguaranteed JV debt, and net debt-to-EBITDA of roughly 1.0x. Our effective tax rate excluding special items nonoperating pension and OPEB items for the quarter was 22.6%, up 230 basis points year-over-year. At this time, with the same exclusions, we expect our full year rate to be 23.1%, driven by the level and geographic mix of income and benefits from a favorable mix of income in lower tax jurisdictions. With that, I will turn the call back over to Luke to discuss our outlook.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Scott. Six months into the year, I would characterize Catalyst Solutions results being in line with our expectations and Performance Chemicals results as being below the expectations we had at the beginning of the year. In catalyst, we continue to expect double-digit segment income growth for the year. We continue to believe that Refinery Catalyst Solutions will be the largest contributor to earnings growth. Specifically, Heavy Oil Upgrading will benefit from continued strong demand globally for FCC catalysts designed to handle heavy resid-based feedstocks, maximize propylene yield and address the metal contaminants found in North America shale oil. With the capacity expansion in our Bayport facility, which those of you who attended Investor Day had the opportunity to tour, we have sufficient capacity to meet our growth objectives through 2016. The project is on track for completion in August. Similarly, we continue to expect improved earnings from Clean Fuels Technologies in 2014, driven by similar volumes to 2013 but with a better product mix. Higher prices will also meaningfully impact refinery catalyst results year-over-year. Catalyst segment income is up over 30% year-to-date. Our outlook for the second half catalyst results calls for the third quarter segment income in line with the first quarter levels and fourth quarter results more in line with second quarter levels, which would result in double-digit earnings growth for the full year, in line with our expectations. Third quarter results in catalyst will be down sequentially due to a couple of factors. First, we expect lower FCC production rates in the third compared to the second quarter. Our Bayport plant will be off-line for a few weeks in August to bring the debottlenecking capacity online, reversing the benefits of the inventory build from the second quarter. Second, we anticipate that Performance Catalyst Solutions performance will be down sequentially due to weaker volume and mix versus a strong 2Q, despite an improving market outlook. Third, segment margins will be impacted by our first-ever shipment of AlkyClean, currently scheduled for the end of the third quarter. This product is a new solid acid alkylation technology developed by Albermarle, Neste and Lummus. It's the first of its kind in the world. AlkyClean delivers higher octane without using the corrosive, hazardous hydrofluoric or sulfuric acid used in existing alkylation processes. Several oil refiners have interest in AlkyClean, but are waiting to see the product perform in commercial operations. This initial sale is significant from a revenue standpoint, but margins are well below the segment average. We are excited about the growth potential of this new product given the size of the addressable market and expect future sales to be at margins more consistent with the segment average. It will, however, take some time to develop new sales. Finally, we continue to monitor the dynamics around the potential EU and U.S. sanctions on Russia. At this time, it's too early to tell whether there will be sanctions that restrict us from shipping product for our existing orders. We'll obviously comply with all laws and regulations, but there is a possibility that any such sanctions could negatively impact second half catalyst results. As we entered the year, our outlook for Performance Chemicals called for modest year-over-year segment growth primarily driven by clear completion fluids and curatives performance within specialty chemicals, stabilized brominated flame retardant pricing and mineral flame retardant growth within fire safety solutions, and a robust electronic materials and former pipeline, allowing custom services to effectively manage the expiration of several large contracts. In custom services, as Scott mentioned, we have been presented with a meet-or-release price by one of our large customers, which makes future sales economically unattractive. We have elected to release rather than meet, which will result in a lower expected volumes for the remainder of the year and a loss of approximately $15 million in forecasted segment income from that contract in the second half. As a result, rather than this GBU delivering modest segment income growth in 2014, we now expect segment income to come in below 2013 levels. With respect to brominated flame retardants in particular, our assessment of the market and our order book trends leads us to continue to assume, as we have all year, that while pricing trends continue to stabilize in most applications, we don't expect meaningful year-over-year growth in earnings or volumes. As we roll up all of the various factors by business and factor in the impact of discontinued operations, we still expect overall company annual earnings growth toward the bottom of the 2% to 7% guidance that we provided back in January. We expect earnings in the third quarter to be in between the levels we delivered in the first and second quarters of this year, and fourth quarter results to be close to what we delivered in the second quarter. With that, at this time, I'll turn the call back over to Lorin for questions and answers.
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, we're ready to open the lines for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Please proceed, operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Mike Sison from KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Luke, in terms of -- when you think about your portfolio businesses going forward, assuming you get Rockwood, what in your mind is sort of the growth profile of a company -- or business that you want to keep in the portfolio? And maybe just maybe describe some of the characteristics that you want to have in each of the businesses going forward.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, okay, Mike. I think if you look at the profiles for what we want, we want to be able to -- where we make money and where Rockwood makes money is when we provide customized solutions. We have products, but we're really selling solutions to the customers. And if you look across the catalyst, the bromine, the lithium surface treatment, that's clearly what's going on. They're also, if you look at most of those, it's a very small part of the cost of the overall solution for the product that's being delivered. But it is, in all events, very key to the qualities in that end product that make it do what it's supposed to do. In all events, they're technology driven. You have to -- you're not selling a commodity, you're selling a derivative product that provides value to that end user. So in essence, those are the quantities that we're looking for when we look at the products that we want to have in this portfolio. Because I think that at its core, that's what these businesses that Rockwood excels at, at its core, and that's what we do in our core businesses as well.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And one quick follow-up. When you think about where you want the return on capital of the business in total combined going forward, can you maybe talk about what level you think you can get the business to? And maybe some of the timing there.
Luther C. Kissam: I mean, what -- I'll turn it over to Scott. He can talk a little bit about the return on capital. I mean, when you're looking at organic growth and funding organic growth, we traditionally want to be at twice our cost of capital. And that's the bar that we use. I don't really see that changing from where they are because the projects that I've reviewed with Rockwood in the past that -- they're consistent now. Sometimes in the past, and if you look at Albermarle, and if you look at some of the steps Rockwood's taken, we've expanded recently in advance of demand so that we're there to meet the customers' demand. And it's caused some pain for Albermarle, as you're well aware, Mike, over the last couple of years. I certainly -- we want to learn from that, but we also want to make sure the demand's there to meet the growth, particularly in lithium, as you look toward the announcement about the gigafactory with Tesla and the Panasonic announcement. So we want to make sure that we're able to meet that demand as the market leader.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes, Mike, I'll just add to that. Mike, if I can just add to that. The businesses have substantially invested the capital required to drive the earnings growth that we have projected with the exception of the lithium plant that Luke just talked about. And as a result of that, plus the deleveraging that we're forecasting, we're expecting very good return accretion over the forecasted period over next 4 or 5 years, so we're very excited about that.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Vin Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's actually Matt calling for Vincent. Just on the Heavy Oil Upgrading, it looks like from your slide deck that the volumes were kind of starting to inflect downward. Could you just give us a little bit of color on that in contrast to some of the comments you made in the opening remarks?
Luther C. Kissam: Sure, I'll let Michael handle that.
D. Michael Wilson: Sure, Matt, this is Michael Wilson. It's true that for FCC volumes in the second quarter, they were up fairly marginally versus the prior year quarter. But I would discourage you from looking too closely at a single quarter. I mean, if you look at volumes in FCC for the first half of the year versus the first half of last year, we're up double-digit rates. And if you look -- our expectation is that for the full year, 2014 over 2013, we will see FCC volumes that are up double digits versus the prior year.
Matthew Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then just you saw a fair amount of pick up in margin on the volume that you had this quarter. Is there any color you can give us as to how we should think about the margin rate for the balance of the year? And how that might flow to the quarters?
D. Michael Wilson: Is that -- you're asking about catalyst or...
Unknown Analyst: Catalyst. Sorry, for catalyst, yes.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes. I think in the second quarter, we had particularly strong margins. It was really driven by couple of things. And first of all, we had good volumes. We talked about the fact that we had high production rates as we did build them in before, ahead of the outage that we have planned in August for our Bayport facility. But addition to that, we had strong customer mix. And to be honest with you, the customer mix drove more of the margin improvement than did the inventory build. And that's really because we're seeing that -- this continued trend of refiners processing heavy -- heavier, dirtier feeds, which are causing higher catalyst addition rates. And that happens to be occurring at that account. So customers are very profitable for us. Now I would expect as we go forward in the year, those trends are going to continue. I think the sort of segment margin that we had in the second quarter is a bit of an outlier. But overall, I mean, I think we see margins in the business improving from where they were at the 2013 level as we go forward.
Matthew Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then just quickly on the pricing in Performance Chemicals. Can you just give any color as to what you're seeing that's driving some of the stability in pricing?
D. Michael Wilson: So when you say Performance Chemicals, I'm assuming you're talking about bromine price stability. Is that right?
Matthew Andrejkovics - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Bromine. yes.
D. Michael Wilson: Okay, we'll turn it over to Matt.
Matthew K. Juneau: Okay. Matt. I guess in our area, what I'd say is we've seen kind of this ongoing stabilization that really started late in 2013. It's held up through the first half of 2014. As always, there are pockets, some areas are a little better, some areas are a little worse. But we've talked about the issue of demand, while PCs and TVs continue to be soft, we are seeing growth from the other areas, and that's helping to stabilize overall demand. In clear brines, while we did have this onetime second quarter event, overall demand has continued to remain strong. And that's also helped demand for the bromine chain, if you will, and helped to create a more stable pricing outlook.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Koort from Goldman Sachs.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Luke, I was wondering, I was looking at some of the stuff you guys had in terms of pro forma profile for Newco, and I noticed between now and 2018, you expected to generate something around 50% incremental EBITDA margins. I know you talked about the synergy number around $100 million. Is the reason for the rest of that pretty sensational uplift the take-off in lithium? Or is it the base Albermarle businesses? Can you sort of give us a sense of where you see that extra $450 million, $500 million of EBITDA coming from?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Well, I think, for one thing, you got to remember that in May -- and it's not in any of the numbers. But if you look in the end of May, Rockwood closed on the acquisition of Talison. So that will be a joint venture that will come in on that. From an EBITDA perspective, it won't increase -- it won't -- it's not consolidated, so it won't hit the revenue line, but it will hit the EBITDA and [indiscernible] line. So that's a big jump, Bob. And that business, that Talison joint venture, is projected to grow over and above what the lithium business is expected to grow overall. So that's a big piece of it. And then otherwise, when we look at those numbers, it's consistent from Investor Relations day, that midpoint case that we talked about at our Investor Day in Houston.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then you mentioned KOH as an example of a raw material synergy. And I guess I would think that they're selling at market prices and you're buying it market prices. So is it a function of you're buying it from somewhere farther away and now it's closer? How do you actually get synergy if you're both operating sort of at arms length in the market? Where do you pick up any benefit?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, so we aren't -- we don't buy KOH. We produce it. So we're selling it and they buy it. But KOH is a byproduct for bromine, and we're not -- we don't make enough KOH to be a real player in that KOH market. So we are moving it however we can move it because it gets in the way of our producing bromine. Some years, we make some money on it, some years we don't. It really all depends what the KCl price is that we get when we make -- to use to make the bromine. So I think there is more than a couple of million dollars sitting there for us to go capture by being able, from a logistic standpoint, to take that and ship it. And it really cuts down on what -- whatever profit somebody's making by selling them the KOH should inure to the benefit of the combined company, if that makes [indiscernible].
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Laurence Alexander from Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: If you combine the potential hit from Russia and the meter release in the Fine Chemistry, what is the potential headwind that you face in 2015? And secondly, if you look at performance of the polymers business or the bromine chain, I guess, do you have the right cost structure? Or is that something that could be dealt with in conjunction with integration? Or will that wait until that after the integration?
Luther C. Kissam: Okay, let me take the first one second -- let me take the first one first. I'm sorry, Lawrence. First of all on the headwind, Laurence, that contract that we lost, that's a headwind for 2014 in the second half, that approximate $15 million profit that I've talked about. The second, for the full year, it would be in a range of $20 million or so or something like that because it's back-end loaded kind of contract. So that's kind of the range of headwind. And the team's working really hard to replace that. They've got some contracts. They're not going to be able to replace it in 2014, but they'll work very hard in the rest of this year, and they've already got some leads. And I'm hopeful we're going to cut that down, that deficit down. And I expect they'll be able to fill that for 2015. But there's work to be done for that. From a standpoint on the sanctions, it's not quite as big, but for this -- for the second half of the year, it could be somewhere in the range of, Michael?
D. Michael Wilson: Well, I think from the catalyst standpoint, you're talking about mid-single digit millions in terms of standard gross profit. So it's not all that great.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. And it would be -- I'm not sure that we would have an order schedule in 2015 if hadn't one for 2014. So it shouldn't be a meaningful impact in '15. And as regard to the structure of Performance Chemicals, we just went through a restructuring, looked at that hard. I think that we will obviously, when we -- during the integration, we're certainly going to look across all organizations to be sure we're being as efficiently -- as efficient as we possibly can. And it'll be part of the integration. I wouldn't say it will be part of anything that will follow, Lawrence.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of James Sheehan from SunTrust.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Question on HBCD. You mentioned GreenCrest is being adopted there. What percentage of your volumes now are represented by the new product versus HBCD?
Matthew K. Juneau: So for us, James, it's very small because we are really going to be entering the market in a big way in 2015. So it's -- the big reason for us it's having an impact in profitability now is because as we're seeing this transition, we're seeing reduced sales of HBCD before we're able to deliver GreenCrest to the market. But we will be in the market as that full conversion happens in 2015.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: When you do convert, what will be the pricing benefit to you? Or I should say, how much are prices higher for the Green product versus the old product?
Matthew K. Juneau: Chemtura has commented on that in their earnings call. I'm probably not going to comment beyond what they said. Those kind of numbers are in the right range of delta in price. I think the watch out on that though is there's clearly new capital involved, there's investment involved. So I wouldn't take that delta in price straight to the bottom line.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Guys, can you also, real quick on FCC pricing. What were pricing trends like?
Luther C. Kissam: Michael?
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, I think in the quarter and also for the year-to-date, we've seen some modestly higher prices in FCC. And as I look at the full year forecast, I think across the refinery catalyst business, both FCC and CFT, we're going to see higher prices, and they're going to be contribute meaningfully to our year-over-year profit improvement.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Luke, just on catalysts, really more on your Q4 guidance. If it is similar Q2, I think that would imply it's down versus Q4 a year ago. I might be wrong, but could you just talk about the year-over-year trends in Q4 in catalyst, as well as sequential? And also, what's the impact for TAKREER in the back of this year?
Luther C. Kissam: Okay. Let me -- we will be down year over -- the fourth quarter for catalyst will be down year-over-year. If you remember, we had a huge quarter last year. It was -- that was a record quarter. So we will be down, but still, I think -- we're looking still for a good fourth quarter here. It's not going to be significantly down. But it will be down for the quarter. TAKREER, all the public announcements are still on track for a fourth quarter start up. We are shifting some of the catalyst, the schedules for the end of this quarter at E-cat. And then we'll have, we believe, either 1 or 2, we don't know. Probably 1 of the FCC catalysts for the initial load going in the fourth quarter. So that is kind of an October, November kind of start up. And that's the expectations from the engineering firm, from TAKREER and from the order pattern that we're seeing. So that will be a little bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter, which is in our forecast. But next year, it will be a meaningful impact to our FCC demand.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just on this $15 million hit from this release of the contract. Was that more of a Q4 impact or Q3? Or can you help us with that?
Luther C. Kissam: It's spread across. It's almost half and half.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And this last for me for Scott. Scott, the other -- corporate other line, should we -- what's a good run rate for the back of the year?
Scott A. Tozier: So really where we're head is around that $20 million to $21 million per quarter.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Mike Ritzenthaler from Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Outside of Talison. This is a bit of a follow-up to a previous question, but outside of Talison and the lithium ramp, can you give us a list of the things that have to sort of converge in order for that 2015 to 2018 EBITDA CAGR to come to fruition on the Albermarle side? It's -- just looking at the past 4 or 5 years for Albermarle has been pretty much flat EBITDA growth. Just -- what has to happen on the Albermarle side for that -- for all that to come true?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. If you look at it on the Albermarle side for that kind of segment income growth to come through, if you go back to what we said in Investor Day, it really comes down to -- from a catalyst standpoint, our portfolio management. So exiting the antioxidant business that we've divested, some manufacturing help, some improvements in manufacturing, and from the additional volume that be run into those plants, at the cost that we have that's right. We had a little bit of price built in. And then we had some capacity utilization improvement. You'll know what, remember in PCS in the last quarter, we talked about exiting a PCS facility because the organic pricing, there's just too much capacity out there. So we are exiting that unit, bringing it back to a low-cost area at Pasadena and filling our SABIC center. And then -- but that was generally the ramp up that you would get from a catalyst perspective. If you look at the segment income margins at the level of Performance Chemicals, again, we talked about the portfolio management. So it was the ibuprofen, the propofol divestiture will increase our margins there. Improvement, focus improvement on our mineral flame retardant margins, a way to -- some projects to reduce cost there. And also watching our customer base to be sure we're getting the best mix of products that we can there. And then it became pricing that was built into that as well as increase utilization rates for bromine. You'll remember it in Houston, we talked about, on a run-rate basis, that we have today in 2014. With that allocation of bromine to the derivative products that we do. On average, every additional met ton of bromine results in $3,000 of profit, over and above what we're making today. So tremendous leverage as the growth for bromine and we utilize those assets better. So what we need to do from the Albermarle legacy business to deliver that kind of EBIT margin spread and growth that's in there isn't any different than the middle case that we talked about at our Investor Day presentation in Houston.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. On -- let's switch a little bit to completion fluids. Have completion fluids normalized into 3Q? And I'm curious whether the impact in 2Q was just the Gulf. Or was there sort of softer component internationally as well?
Matthew K. Juneau: So, Mike, I'll take that. No, specifically as I think Scott noted that our issues in the second quarter were related to the Middle East. And it really just a matter of customer inventory management. The trends that we see overall for us are unchanged. The Middle East right now, as you know, has gone through Ramadan and now the Eid holiday. So now we're probably going to see what happens as we head into early August and they really go back to work. Gulf of Mexico for us was okay in the first half of the year. Southeast Asia was a little soft in the first half, has now picked up as we start the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn from Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: A couple of questions, mostly with a follow-up nature, if I may. You talked about -- or your slide presentation as well as your prepared remarks, you talked about the polymerization catalyst market, the performance catalyst market, conditions improving, but you're looking for a down quarter in the third quarter versus second quarter in that business. Is that seasonality? Is it timing of orders? Is there something going on that we should keep in mind as we look towards second half of the year?
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, Dmitry, this is Michael Wilson. I think overall, the fundamentals in that business are improving. But I think the second quarter was a bit exceptional in terms of the product mix we had and the volume. Sequentially, we saying that we will be down third quarter versus second. But overall, I'm encouraged about the demand outlook that we're seeing, particularly in the finished catalyst portion of the business and the component side of the business. Now we've talked about the organometallics, or basically the sort of precursors to those finished catalysts. And there's no question that there's overcapacity in that market, and there's price pressure in that market. And that's the reason that we took the actions that Luke talked about around our contract manufacturing earlier in the year. So pricing on the organometallic side is going to remain under pressure for some time, but the fundamentals of the volume improvement, as well as the components and finished catalysts business are encouraging, So I expect to see continued improvement over a longer time period as we go forward.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then the second question on the strong volume growth that you're seeing in FCC catalyst. I think you talked about double-digit growth expectations for 2014 versus 2013 if I heard you correctly. Some of that obviously is mixed with the heavy resid and some of this other products that the market is demanding right now. But I mean, I think you will have to agree the double-digit growth is very uncharacteristic for FCC business. So how long can you keep it up? And sort of what do we see on the other side of it come 2015, 2016?
Luther C. Kissam: Well, I think of first of all, we get to look -- that is -- it is hard to keep up, Dmitry. I agree with that. So I don't -- you might not have a view we're going to grow volume in FCC catalysts 10% every year. I'd love to be able to do that, but that's hard. Next year, what we'll have coming on line is TAKREER. And that will be a big volume. So I think next year in 2015, I expect to grow our catalyst volumes again in '15 with a full year at TAKREER. Now we've got a -- here's what we got to do though. We've got to keep that business. And the way you keep business in FCC is you meet -- you help those refineries make more money by providing that customized solution, which means our technology has to be cutting edge, and it has to be the best. So we're investing R&D, we're working with our technical sales organization to ensure we do that. But we don't take any of this volume for granted. We don't take any existing volume we have for granted because there are obviously competitors out there who are working on that technology for our sweet spot just the way we are. So we've got to keep that expertise and that technological edge. But if we do that, I'm confident in that '15 will grow. And then we'll see about '16 down the road.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Chris Kapsch from Topeka Capital Markets.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Luke, I appreciate your enthusiasm for the impending Rockwood transaction. How about -- with your stated of objective of generating strong cash flow and rapidly delevering once that deal closes, I'm just wondering if you anticipate or am contemplating any sort of change in behavior either strategically or tactically in your existing business to help enhance the profitability of those businesses or cash generation there to -- with the eye towards delevering?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I -- so from a strategic standpoint, we're not going to run our core businesses any different than way we run them today. I mean, catalyst, we're going to continue to sell for value, as well with bromine. I think the important thing is most of the capital that we need to fund the growth for those businesses, we spent in 2011, 2012. And so I don't see a whole lot of capital coming. We'll continue to work our working capital, we'll free up cash as we -- well, we've started that already. So I don't see any strategic change in our -- in the way we operate our core businesses.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about getting inside your targeted 2 to 2.5 turns of leverage ratio by 2017. And I'm just -- obviously, to reduce that leverage ratio, you don't necessarily have to reduce the numerator, you can also increase the denominator, of course. And then if you'll -- there's slide in your SEC filings where you have a 5-year projected Newco EBITDA bridge. In 2017, it looks like you're sort of projecting $1.4 billion in EBITDA for the combined company. So basically, if you grow EBITDA to that level, it looks as though you would be within your targeted leverage ratio without really paying down any debt. In other words, you just grow into a more favorable leverage ratio. So I'm wondering over that time frame, between now and 2017, if you're generating at least $1 billion in cumulative excess free cash flow, what would be the intention of that $1 billion above and beyond just paying down debt? Because it looks like you don't even necessarily have to pay down debt to get some more coverage -- leverage ratio.
Luther C. Kissam: That's right. Now, look, that's a forecast, and there's upsides and downsides to every forecast, okay? And everybody that lived through 2008, 2009, knows that bad things that can happen. And so what we're going to do is we -- we're not say we're going to deleverage, I also said we're going to pay down debt. So our initial focus is going to be we're going to pay that debt down. And if we're generating that kind of EBITDA, we'll be able to pay it down fast, we'll get to that leverage quicker. And then what we're going to do is we're going to do what we always do. We're going to drive shareholder value. We going to look at organic growth opportunities. We're going to at stock buybacks. And we'll certainly look at increasing the dividend. So our total focus on this is going to be on driving shareholder value and quality returns for our stakeholders.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steve Schwartz from First Analysis.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: First, a nuts and bolts question. Luke, you mentioned lower end of the earnings growth range, 2% to 7%. Is that baseline for 2013 being adjusted with the product line sales? And can you give us that number?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, it'll need to -- if you need to take that into account. And Scott?
Scott A. Tozier: About $0.05 adjustment on last year, so.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, about $0.05 adjustment.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow up, another bromine producer mentioned this week that they were having some difficulties in Israel because of the local strife. Is that an opportunity for you? Or is it impacting Jordan? Can you give us some color there?
Matthew K. Juneau: So Jordan is not being impacted yet, Steve. We haven't seen any impacts on our ability to ship or move bromine. There's only one port out of Jordan, that port in Agaba is still moving product okay. We have not yet seen significant impact related to the issues in Israel impacting shipments.
Operator: This is all the time we have for questions. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw for your closing remarks.
Lorin Crenshaw: Well, just want to say thank you for your time and your attention. If you have additional questions, give me a call. And have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your presentation, and you may now disconnect. Enjoy your day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2014 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today to Lorin Crenshaw, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. You may begin. 
Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Frances, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albermale.com. 
 Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Matt Juneau, President, Performance Chemicals; and Michael Wilson, President, Catalyst Solutions. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. 
 Please note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all nonoperating pension and OPEB or special items. Reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. As a reminder, we filed an 8-K in March showing the reorganization from 3 GBUs to 2, and from a functional to a GBU organization. All year-over-year and sequential comparisons throughout this call are based on those restatements. 
 Before turning the call over to Luke, I would like to remind investors and analysts to continue registering online for our 2014 Investor Day in Houston, Texas. It will begin at 11:00 a.m. within Exhibit Hall on May 15 and with an investor briefing to commence at 1:30. There will also be a tour of our refinery catalyst plant and R&D facilities on the morning of May 16. We look forward to seeing you there. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke. 
Luther Kissam: Thanks, Lorin, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with some high-level comments on the quarter. Scott will then review the performance of our business segments and financial results, and I'll end by providing some perspective on our current outlook. At the end of our prepared remarks, Matt and Michael will join us to address your questions. 
 We began 2014 by delivering first quarter net income of $77 million or $0.96 per share, which was in line with the expectations that we shared with you in January. Net sales were $657 million. EBITDA was $137 million. And profitability, as measured by EBITDA margin, was 21%. Scott will discuss our financial results in detail in a moment. However, at a high level, our businesses performed essentially as expected. 
 Refinery Catalyst was down sequentially after a very strong fourth quarter 2013, but still performed well with double-digit FCC catalyst volume and profit growth year-over-year, driven by strong demand in heavy oil upgrading and favorable mix in Clean Fuels Technologies. Performance Chemicals profitability, while up 9% sequentially, was down year-over-year on lower volumes and pricing and higher energy costs. 
 Previously, we discussed with you our strategy to focus on strengthening our core businesses of catalysts and bromine. During the first quarter, we took several actions consistent with that strategy that we expect to lead to stronger results in the future. Yesterday, we announced that we've entered into an agreement to divest our antioxidants, ibuprofen and propofol businesses, including our Orangeburg, South Carolina and Jinshan, China manufacturing facilities to the SI Group, a leading global developer and manufacturer of chemical intermediates, specialty resins and solutions. In terms of size, in 2013, these businesses generated aggregate revenue of around $250 million on low-single digit segment margins. 
 As we assess the competitive landscape in these businesses, it became clear that consolidation and/or integration in certain other capital investments were needed in order to drive profitability improvements. We believe this transaction represents the optimal choice of maximizing value to our shareholders and giving the business the best opportunity for growth and success in the future. While subject to typical regulatory approvals and closing conditions, we would expect the transaction to close mid-year. And we would expect to take an after-tax charge of approximately $80 million to $100 million, the bulk of which will be noncash. We estimate that the transaction will be accretive to overall company segment margin rates by 100 to 150 basis points. That translates to 150 to 200-basis point improvement for Catalyst Solutions, and a 100 to 150 basis points improvement for Performance Chemicals, all on a full-year basis. 
 We also took steps this quarter that should, in time, lower our cost in our aluminum alkyls and bromine franchises. On the aluminum alkyls side, in recent quarters, it has become clear that the industry is in a position of excess capacity. For over a decade, a strategic partner in Europe has toll manufactured aluminum alkyls for us. We supply a portion of the alkyls back to this partner, with the remainder being sold by us on the merchant market. During the first quarter, we provided notice required by the contract of our intention not to extend the toll agreement past its stated expiration date. This tolling facility represents about 10% to 15% of Albemarle's global capacity. However, we have ample existing capacity at our lower-cost, world-scale facility in Texas to absorb this volume. This move should reduce our overall cost and take our highest cost production offline, resulting in improved alkyls utilization rates and contributing to enhanced profitability within our Performance Catalyst Solutions division at the expiration of the contract currently scheduled for 2016. 
 In connection with the providing of our intent not to renew, we triggered certain financial obligations per the contract on our part. While it is too early to determine the exact amount of the obligations at this time, as we're still in discussions with our partner, we have taken a charge this quarter, which Scott will discuss in more detail, that we believe represents our best guess as to our ultimate obligations. Upon reallocation of the volume to Pasadena, which will likely happen in the 2016 timeframe, we would expect segment margin incomes in Catalyst Solutions to increase by between 50 and 75 basis points.  
 In addition, in February, Jordan Bromine Company and our partner in that joint venture, Arab Potash Company, signed a 15-year agreement to purchase natural gas from reserves extracted from the Tamar natural gas field off Israel's Mediterranean coast from a consortium and investors led by Houston-based Noble Energy. Today, JBC is already the lowest-cost bromine facility in the world. But as is the case with most of Jordan, its electricity costs are tied to #6 fuel oil. For a minimal investment, we will retrofit our JV facilities over the next 18 to 24 months to make it a multi-fuel facility that is able to run on either natural gas or fuel oil. The current estimates would have natural gas flowing to JBC by 2017. I caution you that the timeframe for the completion of the pipeline is out of our control and could be delayed. Once the gas is flowing, however, the cost benefit will make JBC's cost position even stronger in the global bromine market for the term of that contract, and can also provide the opportunity for other capital-efficient cost reduction projects on site. This makes Albemarle an even stronger global leader in the bromine market. 
 Last year, we successfully brought online expanded capacity for clear completion fluids, HBr and elemental bromine in Jordan. In the first quarter of this year, the expansion began paying dividends. This quarter, we shipped near-record levels of clear completion fluids facilitated in large part by the new capacity at JBC, which allowed us to meet customer demand in that region in a timely manner and avoid losing orders due to capacity constraints. Without the new capacity in Jordan, we simply cannot admit the volume demands we saw in March. 
 As growth in these areas of the world continues, we are confident in our ability to continue capturing more than our fair share due to the foundation of our business being stronger and more flexible than ever before. 
 Scott will go into more detail later, but our cash generation exceeded our expectations for the quarter largely due to improvements in working capital. As a result, we were able to increase our dividend for the 20th consecutive year and also execute an accelerated share repurchase program, under which we will repurchase $50 million of stock by the end of April. That program is proceeding on plan and is in line with our guidance in January. 
 As we previously disclosed, absent an acquisition, we would expect to continue entering into quarterly accelerated share repurchase agreements in sizes sufficient to maintain our capital structure target of 1x net debt to EBITDA. Currently, our expectation is that we would enter into another accelerated share repurchase agreement in May of around $100 million. That program would likely be completed by the July timeframe. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Luke. First of all, before getting into the numbers, this quarter marks the first time reporting under our new organizational structure, which became effective January 1. Our businesses are now aligned under 2 global business units. The Performance Chemicals segment is comprised of Fire Safety Solutions, Specialty Chemicals and Fine Chemistry Services, consolidating our bromine, mineral and custom manufacturing assets under one business unit. The Catalyst Solutions segment includes Refinery Catalyst Solutions, Performance Catalyst Solutions and Antioxidants. 
 We released an 8-K in March detailing 4 years of restated financial results, including quarterly data for 2013 and 2012. In connection with this realignment, certain costs have been reassigned and certain divisions have moved around. One change that's clear when you compare numbers under the new structure to the old structure is that a higher proportion of people costs, mostly SG&A and R&D, are now charged to Catalyst Solutions than were previously allocated to them, while lesser charge to Performance Chemicals. This reflects the impact of changing from a functional structure where shared costs such as sales, some technical groups and the like, were allocated to each business on a ratio basis to a more fully accountable GBU structure, under which such costs are aligned and charged directly to each respective business based on the people in that GBU. As a result, Catalyst segment income and margins are somewhat lower than under the old structure and Performance Chemicals segment income and margins are somewhat higher. Fundamentally, of course, nothing has changed regarding the growth expectations or prospects for either business. 
 I'm going to review our 2 business segments and then turn to the details on our P&L and cash flow. Overall, our net sales rose 2% to $657 million year-over-year, driven by solid Catalyst Solutions performance. Segment income was $128 million or 20% of sales, down 5% year-over-year, as modestly higher Catalyst Solutions profits were offset by weaker Performance Chemicals results, reflecting a combination of continued sluggish electronics demand and energy costs. Catalysts reported first quarter sales of $296 million, up 6% year-over-year and segment income of $57 million, up 4% year-over-year on segment margins of 19%. Refinery Catalyst Solutions performed well, delivering double-digit volume and profit growth, offset by lower pricing and the impact of higher fixed cost within Performance Catalyst Solutions and overcoming higher energy costs. Specifically, heavy oil upgrading, which is primarily comprised of FCC catalysts, experienced double-digit volume, revenue and profit growth driven by strong demand and favorable pricing. Clean Fuels Technologies, which is mainly HPC catalysts, also reported double-digit earnings growth despite lower volumes on favorable mix. Within Performance Catalyst Solutions, as anticipated, the impact of higher fixed costs and base-loading our new Saudi joint venture plant with volumes previously produced out of our wholly-owned facilities in the U.S. was a drag on profitability on a year-on-year basis, a dynamic we expect to continue through the balance of the year. Volumes were higher year-over-year, but pricing remained weak within both polyolefin catalysts and electronic materials. 
 Performance Chemicals reported first quarter net sales of $361 million, in line with year-ago levels, and segment income of $71 million, down 11% year-over-year on segment margins of 20%. A combination of lower Fire Safety Solutions profitability and higher energy costs offset strong Fine Chemistry Services growth and modestly higher Specialty Chemicals results. Specifically, profits declined year-over-year within Fire Safety Solutions, which consist of our brominated and mineral flame retardants, reflecting weaker enclosures, printed wiring board and construction demand. These dynamics offset strong growth in several nonelectronics-related applications for 8010, one of our core brominated flame retardant product lines, including wiring cable, as well as plastic films into the construction, household appliances and automotive electronics end markets. The breadth of 8010's application has become increasingly evident in recent quarters. 
 Finally, mineral flame retardants also had a solid quarter profit-wise, benefiting from a better term to the European economy. The soft year-over-year electronics results we experienced matched the tone of several market indicators that tend to correlate with current period results including the IPC book-to-bill ratio, which has improved in recent months, but remained below 1.0 at 0.99 in February, with shipments still well below the 2010 levels. In addition, IDC and Gartner reported first quarter declines in PC shipments of between 2% and 4%. 
 Within Specialty Chemicals, which consist of all bromine derivatives that are not flame retardants, plus our curatives and specialty aluminas, volumes and profits rose modestly year-over-year. The primary drivers were a combination of exceptional clear completion fluid volumes, where strength was evident in the Middle East and the North Sea, and outstanding curatives growth, which benefited from milder winter weather in Europe and the commencement of a number of infrastructure projects globally, including Europe, North America and China. 
 Fine Chemistry Services, which consists of our custom synthesis business, reported excellent volume and profit growth year-over-year, driven by a combination of more normal order patterns within the ag intermediates relative to the year-ago period and good momentum in electronic materials, with select consumer electronics experiencing broadening acceptance in the marketplace. 
 Overall, from the first quarter, we reported all-in diluted earnings per share of $0.71 or $0.96 per share excluding special items, the largest special item related to a pretax charge of $70 million, which amounted to a $0.14 loss per share after taxes, associated with consolidating a high-cost aluminum alkyls capacity. We expect to start seeing benefits of this consolidation in 2016. 
 The second special item of $0.11 per share in nonoperating pension and OPEB items reflects the net of a mark-to-market pension actuarial loss of $15 million pretax, or $0.12 per share after-tax, and a curtailment gain of approximately 800 -- $8.8 million or $0.01 per share after-tax. Ordinarily, we would not be required to record pension gains or losses more than once a year during the fourth quarter. However, the workforce reduction plan we commenced during the first quarter reduced our global workforce by approximately 230 employees. This triggered the curtailment gain for one of our U.S.-defined benefit plans, which required us to remeasure our assets and obligations for these plans. Negative asset performance and a decline in the discount rate for our domestic pension plans year-to-date resulted in the mark-to-market actuarial loss for the first quarter of 2014. 
 SG&A expenses were $67.6 million during the quarter, up 4% year-over-year, driven by higher incentive compensation costs and commissions. Our quarterly SG&A expenses are expected to remain in the mid-$70 million range, with the increase from 2013 driven largely by recurring for on-target incentive-based compensation in 2014 versus an extremely low payout in 2013. R&D expense entered the quarter at $23 million, up 13%, consistent with our realignment goals to redeploy resources to growth areas. 
 Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations, adding back pension contributions and subtracting capital expenditures, was strong at $128 million for the first quarter, up 178% year-over-year, driven by working capital reductions and lower CapEx. As we stated last quarter, we have stepped up our focus on working capital and established a goal to permanently reduce working capital by at least $100 million by 2015. Our initiatives are underway and showing early progress as we seek to achieve a meaningful portion of that $100 million goal in 2014. Specifically, net working capital improved by $40 million versus year-end levels and sequentially fell 165 basis points as a percentage of sales to 22% mainly driven by lower receivables and inventory. 
 CapEx was $24 million, down over 50% year-over-year, a trend we expect to continue throughout 2014 that reflects the fact that our major capacity expansions are now complete. Our current view is that CapEx will likely decline to between $100 million and $125 million this year, about 20% lower than the range we expressed back in January, reflecting changes in the timing of certain projects and investments. 
 From a total shareholder return perspective, we returned approximately $70 million to shareholders this quarter, of which $20 million reflected dividends and $50 million related to executing the accelerated share repurchase program that will be completed at the end of April. 
 Overall, our balance sheet remains a source of strength and flexibility with strong liquidity at $524 million in cash reserves, net debt of $537 million, excluding non-guaranteed JV debt, and net debt to EBITDA at 0.9x, roughly in line with our targeted capital structure of 1x. 
 Over -- our effective tax rate, excluding special items in nonoperating pension and OPEB items for the quarter, was 23.7%, down 90 basis points year-over-year, driven by geographic mix and benefits from a favorable mix of income and lower tax jurisdictions. At this time, with the same inclusions, we expect our full-year rate to remain at that 23.7%. 
 From a raw material standpoint, as we indicated in January, we are currently forecasting an increase in energy costs of approximately $10 million to $12 million for the full year, primarily driven by the impact of higher natural gas prices. The first quarter profit headwind from higher natural gas prices was approximately $4 million. 
 And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Luke to discuss our outlook. 
Luther Kissam: Thanks, Scott. Looking forward, in Catalysts, we expect -- we continue to expect double-digit segment income growth for the year. However, in January, we expect that the earnings pattern for this business to be more evenly split between the first and second halves of the year. Due to changes in the timing of certain refinery catalyst orders, we now expect growth that is more second half-weighted than the first, with the second quarter Catalysts segment income being similar to the first, and both the third and fourth quarters showing year-over-year growth. There's always a risk that refiners will change delivery dates on catalyst orders due to startup schedules or a myriad of other issues or opportunities they may be facing, but this is our best estimate based on the information we have today. We continue to believe that Refinery Catalyst Solutions will be the largest contributor to earnings growth. Specifically, heavy oil upgrading should benefit from continued strong demand globally for FCC catalysts designed to handle heavy resid-based feedstocks, maximize propylene production and address the metal contaminants found in North America shale oil. We have more than enough capacity to meet our growth objectives and the debottleneck occurring at our Bayport facility, which those of you attending the Investor Day will have an opportunity to tour, is on track for completion in the second half of the year. Once online, the debottleneck, which will increase our FCC capacity in Bayport by approximately 15%. Similarly, we continue to expect improved earnings in Clean Fuel Technologies in 2014 driven by similar volumes in 2013, but with a better product mix. The outlook for Performance Chemicals continues to call for modest year-over-year segment income growth. This growth is primarily driven by clear completion fluids and curatives performance within Specialty Chemicals, stabilized brominated flame retardant pricing and mineral flame retardant volume growth within Fire Safety Solutions and a solid electronics materials and pharma pipeline in Fine Chemistry Services. 
 Our current view of the market in order book trends lead us to assume that while bromine pricing trends seem to have stabilized, we don't expect meaningful year-over-year growth in brominated flame retardants. 
 As we roll up all those various factors by business, from a total company segment income standpoint, we continue to expect growth in the range of 2% to 7%, but again, with a greater second-half weighting than we would have expected in January. That assumes Catalysts orders, specifically the Clean Fuels Technologies division, shift as per our customer's current expectations. Second quarter segment income should be roughly flat sequentially with the first quarter, with the third and fourth quarters showing around an 8% to 10%-type year-over-year growth. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Lorin for questions and answers. 
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, we're ready to open the lines for Q&A at this time. [Operator Instructions] Please proceed, operator. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Mr. Robert Koort from Goldman Sachs. 
Angel Castillo Malpica: This is actually Angel Castillo on for Bob. Congratulations on the announced transaction. I just wanted to actually ask you guys about that. So could you quantify what you have remaining in your portfolio from API and maybe just help size that contribution still there? And then kind of along those lines, with that remaining in the portfolio, what other parts are candidates for further asset sales? 
Luther Kissam: Yes, I'll try to take that. If you look at the business, the only thing we divested from our custom services business was ibuprofen and propofol. That was it. So 2 really product lines. We still have the full resources and capabilities and product lines that we offer at our South Haven facility, as well as Tyrone, Pennsylvania. So we'll give more color when we're able to. We've got some confidentiality obligations, obviously, so you'll see some things in our Q which will outline that more clearly, but we remain committed to the custom services businesses, and in fact believe that this move will strengthen our overall custom services. With respect to candidates for divestiture, I'm obviously not going to speculate as to what may or may not happen in the future. 
Angel Castillo Malpica: Got it. And then just going on to BFRs, you talked a about a little bit of improvement there with -- or you're seeing a stabilization in bromine pricing, and also you've seen some improvements on trailing 12 months for BFRs. Could you talk about what you're seeing in that market, specifically in enclosures, just more volume in the end market there? 
Luther Kissam: Yes, Matt, you want take that? 
Matthew Juneau: Sure. So if you look at BFR overall, volumes continue to trend in line with our expectations in the first quarter. The enclosure segment was not particularly strong in the first quarter, as expected, but it was about where we thought it would be. The -- as noted in the call, where we're really seeing improvement, I'd say, are in the areas that go beyond enclosures. So some of the areas that we sell 8010 into that go into broader applications are -- continue to show volume growth. Wire and cable market showed good volume movement in the first quarter. But enclosure is specifically about in line with expectations. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mr. Kevin McCarthy from Bank of America. 
Aleksey Yefremov: This is Alex Yefremov for Kevin. Just wanted to follow up on a previous question on the weakness in enclosures. Can you maybe talk about the reasons why you see that? Is it sort of the number of units of consumer electronics that is being sold? Or is it just smaller volume of plastic being used on those units? Or maybe it's a competitive BFR solutions that are being used? What are the main reasons there? 
Luther Kissam: Sure, I'll take that one. If you really are talking enclosures again specifically, the biggest use, single use for enclosures for flame retardants is in the television space. And what we're seeing in the television space right now is just relatively flat sales, particularly in the developed world, where most of the televisions are flame retardant, and that those flat sales are translating to relatively flat to soft demand in the enclosure space. I don't think the competitive dynamics have changed significantly, frankly, over the last year or 2 in terms of whether it's inner resin substitution, FR competition, it really reflects the sluggish demand in the TV market. 
Aleksey Yefremov: And again, a follow-up on the same business. Can you talk about price trends in brominated flame retardants? 
Luther Kissam: Sure, I'll do that. We talked in the first quarter call that we were seeing more signs of stabilization, and that's really where we are right now. We'll continue to be watching and observing what's going on in the market for demand and seeing where things are going. But right now, we feel we can, overall, maintain pricing about where it is for the year. 
Aleksey Yefremov: And just a follow-up, when you talk about stabilization, do you mean basically flat prices on a sequential basis or is it something else? 
Luther Kissam: Our model overall calls for flat pricing sequentially. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ben Kallo with Robert Baird. 
Ben Kallo: I wanted to stay on the bromine business. Can you just talk about the competitive landscape and any new volume coming online, and how that's impacting pricing in the context of you guys are also bringing on your new volume? 
Luther Kissam: Yes, I'll take that to start off with, and then I'll turn it over to Matt, and he can talk a little bit more about it. But if you really look at the volume that we brought online, there's a lot been written about because of that, that's pressuring price down. And if we were running those assets flat out, I could build some credence in that. But the fact of the matter is when you look at the way we're operating our facilities in the first quarter, we were down at 60%, which is not bringing that JBC volume online. So I don't think that it is a supply situation that's causing the price. As Matt has alluded to time after time, it's really the volume. I'm not aware of any other new volume for bromine coming online at all. 
Matthew Juneau: There's no new additional volume that's been brought online over the last year other than the small amounts that we've run in JBC when it makes sense, as noted in the call. 
Ben Kallo: Great, because there were some rumors out there of new volume coming online. One follow-up question. As you look at bringing on all of your new capacity, do you still think that this is a ramp up when we see this kind of running to closer to full utilization rates by kind of mid-end of next year? Is that how we should think about it? 
Luther Kissam: Are you talking about bromine? 
Ben Kallo: No, not just bromine, but everything is -- all new capital projects as you go through them. 
Luther Kissam: Yes, I think that if you look at bromine, I think it's probably a little bit longer window map. I think that was really designed for the clear completion fluids that were coming online, as well as the mercury removal. So I think that there was some good news that Matt can talk about, a little bit about from the EPA court ruling that we got yesterday that came out. But I think that's a little bit longer term. I think that's over a 3 to 4-year kind of timeframe. You'll see that level in the end is my expectations on bromine. If you look at in the Performance Chemicals, in the PCS business in Catalysts, I think that we've got to see the LED market take off. We're 1 of 4 people in the LED market there. So for that capacity to fill up, it's going to be -- we're going to need that LED market with lighting and back lighting to really take off, is get that filled. So it's a matter of when that is going to happen. And then I think you saw take some actions with the facility in Europe, where we're going to try to take some of that capacity to SOCC, as we'll take some of that capacity to our Texas site. So we're going to take the steps. I think it's a little too early to say it's going to happen next year. But I think over the course of the next 2 to 3 years, you're going to see those facilities filling up. 
Operator: Your next audio question will come from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. 
Dmitry Silversteyn: Just wanted to get a clarification on a couple of things. First of all, when you talk about the back-end loading nature of the catalyst market expectations or catalyst business expectations for this year, was that mainly related about -- around HPC capital projects? Or are there some delays in FCC catalyst sales versus your previous expectations? 
Luther Kissam: Yes, I think versus previous expectations, the second quarter will be weaker from an FCC standpoint than we expected. But we have a contract. It's a matter of there's some refiners doing some commercial trials with some other products that will have the volume down. And we expect to get that back in the third and fourth part of the contracts. 
Dmitry Silversteyn: Okay. So it's an FCC side. Not the side -- not the HPC side? Okay. 
Luther Kissam: It's both. It's both, Dmitry. I'm sorry. 
Dmitry Silversteyn: Okay. It is both, but FCC is involved as well. Okay, that's the point. 
Luther Kissam: Yes, sir. 
Dmitry Silversteyn: Very good. Can you give us a little bit more detail on sort of the performance of the businesses within the Performance Chemicals, especially on the Specialty Chemicals side? And sort of, I'm still a little bit confused, and forgive me if I'm not as fluent with your new divisional structure, but are the curatives now part of the Fire Solutions or Specialty Chemicals? Or where are they now... 
Luther Kissam: Yes, I will give that to Matt, and he can take that. But I think, generally, if you look at -- you have Fire Solutions, you've got all non-brominated flame retardant plus non-mineral -- non-flame retardant minerals and bromine, as well as curatives in Specialty Chemicals. And then in custom services, you've got all the custom services work. He can talk to each of those. What I would say is Specialty Chemicals had a very good quarter. And if you look at custom services, remember what's muted in custom services is the good work that, that group has done to replace those contracts that expired at the end of 2013. So with that, I'll turn it over to Matt. He can give a little more clarity. 
Matthew Juneau: Dmitry, you've got it right. So Specialty Chemicals contains all of the bromine derivatives that are not flame retardant. So that's our products for oilfield, water treatment, elemental bromine, HBr, frag and pharma, et cetera. It also contains curatives, and then the alumina products, minerals products that are not flame retardants. And so in first quarter, Specialty Chemicals performed basically as we expected in January. As always, there's a few little ups and downs in there, but the overall business performed as expected. And we highlighted 2 areas that really were truly outstanding, great oilfield volumes within record levels by about 200 tons, frankly. So very close to an all-time record quarter in volume, driven by the Middle East, the North Sea. And then the curatives business had a very good quarter. It was very strong globally. And we got some benefit, I think, from mild winter in Europe. We didn't have that in the U.S., but the U.S. itself was strong as well. That's specialty. FCS or Fine Chemistry Services, really unchanged from a business point of view. It's the same products that were in there before. The one thing that will change now is with the announced sale of the ibuprofen, the propofol business. And as well, it performed as expected to a little better, I'd say, driven by electronic materials. And last year, we had some ups and downs in ag that were related to timing. We did not have that in the first quarter this year. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mr. Steve Schwartz from First Analysis. 
Steven Schwartz: I think it was on the fourth quarter earnings call, you noted that the former Fine Chem segment was facing some expiring contract. And I'm wondering what portion, if any, of that comment related to the ibuprofen and propofol businesses that you've sold? 
Luther Kissam: Yes, it didn't. It was none of it. 
Steven Schwartz: Okay. So that's still something we should factor... 
Luther Kissam: Yes, there were no expiring contracts in ibuprofen and propofol that we're figuring when we're talking about that. Those were ones that were tied to our Tyrone facility and I think in our South Haven facility see's that all. 
Luther Kissam: We refer to the custom services part of that business where you have kind of one supplier, one customer-type relationship. 
Steven Schwartz: Got you, okay. And with respect to your opportunity for lower energy cost in Jordan, how or to what extent can that benefit some of your other competitors' who work on the Dead Sea? Or is it isolated just to Jordan's side? 
Luther Kissam: Well, what's happening is there's -- they're building a pipeline from -- and there's been a -- it's been very public about agreements between Jordan and Israel for the shipment of natural gas. I don't see that it's going to -- my competitors on the Dead Sea already have the natural gas. They are already using it. So I don't see it as an additional advantage to them. Whereas our electricity, while somewhat subsidized by the government, as all of Jordan is, is based on #6 fuel oil. So it's going to be cost-efficient. It's going to be a lower cost for us based on what the contract is today and what we're paying. And in addition, Steve, what it does is it opens us up for some other capital projects that could further reduce our costs there that will make sense based upon natural gas that financially don't make sense today. So it's not going to happen tomorrow, it's not going to happen next year. But over the long term, getting natural gas to that facility will make it a much stronger facility than it even is today. 
Steven Schwartz: Okay, that sounds really good. If I could ask just one question on the reporting segment change? The Catalyst Solutions business less the Antioxidants business you sold, is it now just the old Catalysts segment? 
Luther Kissam: Once the sale goes through, that is correct. 
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Mr. Mike Ritzenthaler from Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Klein: This is actually Mike Klein filling in for Mike Ritzenthaler this morning. One quick question on the divestiture, what are stranded cost expected to be once the sale is complete? 
Luther Kissam: Stranded cost is expected to be minimal, a couple million dollars. And we'll have a plan to manage that. 
Michael Klein: Okay. And have the tetrabrom price increases from last year been sticking? And would you stand by your comments from January that pricing has stabilized? Or have flame retardant prices been showing signs of life? 
Luther Kissam: Matt? 
Matthew Juneau: Sure. I think as I've already said, I'd stand by the January comment, rough stabilization overall. There's ups and downs in there always, but if you look at overall brominated flame retardants pricing, we've stabilized sequentially. And as we talked in January, the tetrabrom price increase has not totally stuck at this point. 
Michael Klein: Okay, great. And if I could just ask one more. We've heard that rates for deep and ultra-deep rigs are declining, signaling that demand is waning. Now are there industry dynamics that give you conviction that clear brine supply will remain tight for the rest of 2014? 
Luther Kissam: I think the way I'd answer that is that you have to look at the business beyond just deepwater drilling. Deepwater drilling, for us, is still holding up okay. The Gulf of Mexico was okay in the first quarter. But as we highlighted, I mean, our benefit was really the Middle East and the North Sea. Those were very strong regions. This business has become a lot more global in the last 5 to 10 years, and specifically in the last 5, I'd say. And so I look at it as more of drilling overall is what's driving our growth as opposed to just deepwater, and deepwater in the Gulf specifically, I probably ought to add. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mr. Robert Walker from Jefferies. 
Robert Walker: With respect to balance sheet leverage, you've given a floor target. Do you see a path to move net debt to EBITDA to 1.5x or higher for buybacks? 
Luther Kissam: Yes, I mean, at this time, I don't see that. We always have the flexibility to do that going forward, but I would like to maintain some dry powder for acquisitions and some other organic growth opportunities. So right at this time, I think that's a good level for us to be. But we always have that flexibility in the future if we were determined to do that. 
Robert Walker: And I guess given the high valuations private equity is placing on free cash flow streams, is Albemarle the best owner of the bromine business? Or do you think it would make sense to find a way to swap into a more technology-driven business? 
Luther Kissam: I think right now, if you look at Albemarle, I think Albemarle certainly is the best owner of the bromine business. I think it is core to what we do. There's great growth opportunities out there for that business over the long term, our technology that we have in that business. And if you look at the cross-selling opportunities we have in Catalysts and some of our elemental bromine customers and things like that. So I think that Albemarle is the best owner in the world for bromine assets. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. 
Jermaine Brown: This is actually Jermaine Brown filling in for David Begleiter. Can you provide more color on the near-to-medium term trends that you're seeing in Catalysts, particularly pricing within FCC and then volumes within HPC? 
Luther Kissam: Sure. Michael, you want to take that? 
D. Wilson: Sure. This is Michael Wilson. First of all, on pricing in FCC, I mean, as we indicated in the fourth quarter call, we expected pricing to be moderately favorable in 2014 relative to 2013. We saw that play out in the first quarter. So again, we announced a price increase in the second quarter of 2013, and we continue to work diligently to put that through. With regard to our Clean Fuels business and HPC volumes, I think on the whole for the year, we see those relatively flat, although with an improved mix, which we certainly saw play out in the first quarter. And we would expect that trend to continue. 
Jermaine Brown: Understood. And what areas -- regarding the sale of the antioxidants, ibuprofen and propofol businesses, you made a comment in the, to answer the question before mine, that you'd like to retain some dry  powder to make some strategic investments. Within your portfolio, what areas would you consider making these strategic investments in? 
Luther Kissam: I mean, as we've said before, we're looking for something that would either drive new uses of bromine or make us a stronger bromine to strengthen and grow our bromine franchise or strengthen and grow our Catalysts franchise. So if you look, it will be tied in the area that we're looking in one of those areas. 
Jermaine Brown: Understood. And then within BFR inventory levels at the customer levels, what are you seeing there? 
Matthew Juneau: I'll take that one. I don't see that we have any significant inventory overhang from what we can tell from our customer levels. I would talk before, as you go down the value chain, there's always some risk that we lose track. But the messages we're getting is that there's not an inventory issue out there. And we, as well, are operating our assets very carefully and managing inventories very closely. We don't have an inventory overhang in our sites at all. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Chris Kapsch with Topeka Capital Markets. 
Christopher Kapsch: A follow-up on the pricing discussion on FCCs, in particular. Just wondering, the variance that you saw in the first quarter, is that more a function of just the absence of benefit from
 the rare earth pass-through, that which we're cycling now here in the first quarter? Or is there net-net positive pricing with your mix of customers? 
Luther Kissam: We don't see any rare earth comparison issues at all right now. So it's really all business performance that's driving that. 
Christopher Kapsch: Okay. And then so the volume performance of greater than 10% growth year-over-year. Last year, you did win some business based on technology, as you put it. And I guess it takes, once you win a trial, it takes a while to -- for refiners to shift over the FCC unit. I'm just wondering if this volume performance is a function of that more so than the overall market? Or maybe you could disaggregate the growth that you're seeing from, say, the overall market versus share gains that are now sort of starting to flow through your top line? 
Luther Kissam: Yes, I'll take a piece of this, and I'll turn it over to Michael. I think it's hard to determine whether or not you've got share gains. So let me give you an example here. Where you've got a customer, an FCC unit that goes out of business or shuts down in the U.S. on the East Coast and a new one comes online in the Middle East or a new one comes online in Asia that's bigger and larger, and you win that unit, I don't see that as really a share gain in the traditional sense. I mean, you've got volumes moving to other areas of the world that are looking for different types of technology because they're handling different types of crude. So I think a lot of the volume shifts going on. And I think market share has been relatively stable through the years if you go back and look at FCC volume. We've got some movement going on from new refiners coming online, handling new crude slice that have really benefited our technology portfolio. And we continue to do well there. And I think this year, we're still confident in the growth that we're seeing in spite of some of our customers using some commercial trials for some other suppliers in the second quarter. Michael, you have anything to add on that? 
D. Wilson: I mean, I would just say there's 3 components to the growth overall. You talked to the sort of customer wins piece that in some cases is coming from new refiners. A piece of it clearly is market growth. And then I would say the third aspect is just how turnarounds vary from year to year. We noticed before that in 2013, there was a higher number of customer turnarounds, particularly in the first half of the year than certainly that we've seen in the first quarter of this year. So I think that's a benefit year-over-year that's helping contribute to double-digit volume growth, which clearly seems out of line with what you would expect from a market growth-only standpoint. 
Christopher Kapsch: Can I just follow up on the -- so you're calling out that some... in the second quarter, your guidance is for the growth not to look as strong, and it's a function of commercial trials. So you're suggesting that some customers are a commercial trial. You have to run an FCC unit on a new catalyst for a period of time to determine if the refinery economics still works. So you're suggesting that that's disrupting you or your core business and affecting the comps in the second quarter, but you feel like, for the full year, your growth is going to be comparable to what you've seen in the first quarter. Is that... 
Luther Kissam: Yes, what I would say is if you look, but that always happens. So I'm not... I don't want to use that as a problem. That happens every quarter. Somebody's got a commercial trial. It just happens how much volume's moved around in those. So we've got a difficult comp in the second quarter. I think you will see sequential volume in FCC down somewhat, rebounding in the third and the fourth because we've got new units coming online that we've won that business. And overall, I think, for the full year, you'll see the second half strong, the first in FCC catalysts, assuming all the -- everything goes as our customers anticipate them to go today. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mr. James Sheehan from SunTrust. 
James Sheehan: Luke, I recall you speaking in the past about some areas of your business like Antioxidants being on a short leash. You were looking to address those, focus on raising profitability before you might consider other strategic options. I was just wondering where is your focus now on similar efforts like this to improve operational performance? 
Luther Kissam: I think it's across-the-board. If you look, I mean, one of the main focuses that we have, and we've taken some steps this quarter, is if you look 2.5 years ago at the profitability of our PCS business, and you look at it today, there's been a degradation. There's too much capacity in the marketplace, prices and the electronic materials. 1.5 years ago, 2 years ago versus what it is today, prices have fallen almost 75%, 80%. So there's a lot of people. When you make solid margins on business and other people see it and try to get into that business. And that's what we've had. And as a market leader, we've had to protect our turf from some actions of some competitors. So we've got a plan over the long term. It's not going to happen overnight, but we've got to focus on PCS. It's core to our business, and we'll continue to try to find ways to drive that, as we will on all our businesses. I think, every day, we wake up trying to figure out how we are going to help our customers make more money and how we are going to get a piece of that so we can also make more money. So I don't look at it as we're going to fix business A then turn to business B then turn to business C. It's every day, every business is looking up to seeing how they can be more profitable by helping their customers be more profitable. 
James Sheehan: Very good. And in the new segment, Performance Chemicals, I was just wondering if you could update us on what is the breakdown of bromine derivatives usage by end markets such as electronics or clear completion and what-have-you? 
Luther Kissam: Yes, go ahead, Matt. 
Matthew Juneau: I'll take that. Generally, if you look at electronics, it continues to be an important part of the business. It's roughly between 15% and 20% of our sales. When you talk electronics, there's a lot of pieces there, some that are performing better than others. Where I think people have been focused is on that weakness in PC and televisions. Those are, frankly, becoming less important as other parts of electronics grow. The next biggest space from a volume point of view is the oilfield or clear brine set space, the completion fluids. And that's on a very strong growth curve, which it's been on for -- going on about almost 2 years now. 
James Sheehan: And where do you see the mix of your bromine derivatives going over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Matthew Juneau: So if you go back and look 5 years ago, it probably would've been in excess, so 60% related to FR. Today, it's down less than that. FR is still important. It's still the biggest use. But what we're seeing is some of these other businesses and the Specialty Chemicals space are growing faster, and they are helping to balance the portfolio. This is one of the topics we'll tackle at Investor Day if you have someone there at our event in Houston in May. And clearly, there's -- it's becoming a declining portion of the business right now because of the -- not that it's not really growing that much, it's that the other businesses are growing faster. 
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw for your closing remarks. 
Lorin Crenshaw: I just thank everyone for your time and your attention, and invite you to call me with any further questions. Have a good afternoon. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Enjoy your day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Lorin Crenshaw - Director of Investor Relations and Communications Luther C. Kissam - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Scott A. Tozier - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Chief Risk Officer and Senior Vice President Matthew K. Juneau - Senior Vice President and President of Performance Chemicals D. Michael Wilson - Senior Vice President and President of Catalyst Solutions
Analysts: Neal Sangani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John Hirt Jermaine R. Brown - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ian Bennett - Morgan Stanley, Research Division George D'Angelo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Aleksey V. Yefremov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 4 2013 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Patrick, and I'll be your moderator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Patrick, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Matt Juneau, President, Performance Chemicals; and Michael Wilson, President, Catalyst Solutions. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all nonoperating or special items, and reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. Before turning the call over to Luke, I would like to take this opportunity to ask investors and analysts to mark their calendars for our 2014 Investor Day in Houston, Texas with an investor briefing scheduled for the afternoon of May 15 and an opportunity to visit our refinery catalyst plant and R&D facilities scheduled for the morning of May 16. We look forward to sharing with you the growth drivers and industry outlook for each of our core businesses and showing off our world-class production units and R&D facilities. Further details will be made available in the near future, but please be sure to save the dates of May 15 and 16 on your calendar. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Lorin, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin the call by culminating on the company's results and accomplishments for the year. Scott will review select highlights related to business segment performance and financial results, and I'll end by providing some perspective on our current outlook. At the end of our prepared remarks, Matt and Michael will join Scott and me to address your questions. In 2013, Albemarle generated excellent cash flow, maintained top quartile profitability levels and returned over $660 million to our shareholders via stock repurchases and increased dividends, the highest such annual cash outlay for a single year in our history. Even with that record cash outlay, we ended the year with a strong balance sheet and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of approximately 1x. We finished 2013 by delivering fourth quarter net income of $88 million, or $1.08 per share, that resulted in full year earnings of $342 million or $4.06 per share. Net sales for the quarter totaled $692 million and were $2.6 billion for the full year, while EBITDA was $147 million and $576 million for the quarter and year, respectively. Profitability, as measured by EBITDA margin, was 21% for the fourth quarter and 22% for the full year. Scott will discuss our financial results in detail in a moment. However, at a high level, Refinery Catalyst delivered double-digit volume growth over 2013. Lower metals pass-through drove over 70% of the 10% year-over-year catalyst price decline highlighted in the earnings deck accompanying our financial results with the balance being driven by product mix and lower pricing within Performance Catalyst Solutions. Delivering superior end use performance continues to be the only sustainable way to create value in the refinery catalyst industry, and 2013 was no different. Our technologies continue to provide significant performance and financial benefits to refiners challenged to meet tighter, ultra-low sulfur diesel regulations around the world; those managing new contaminants present in North American tight oil and those in the Middle East and Asia, seeking to use heavier feedstock while pushing for higher propylene yields. Within Polymer Solutions, we continue to manage through an uncertain environment, characterized by reduced demand, cautious inventory management by our customers and some price degradation. Nevertheless, the business maintained high margins in the -- excuse me, nevertheless, the business maintained margins in the high teens for the year. Fine Chemistry results were down year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower utilization rates and some price degradation in the bromine and HBr. Clear completion fluids had a fantastic year, setting revenue and volume records and was able to offset some, but not all, of the weakness in these other areas. In 2013, we executed several initiatives that strengthened our competitive position and laid the foundation for greater innovation and organic growth going forward. We successfully started up 3 new facilities: a polyolefin catalyst center in South Korea, a world-class aluminum alkyl facility in Saudi Arabia in partnership with SABIC and a significant expansion of our bromine and clear completion fluid capacity in Jordan. These new units, while unlikely to reach utilization rates -- high utilization rates for 2 or 3 years given current market conditions, are all state-of-the-art units, designed using the best technology and benefiting from our many years of hands-on operating experience. Each site strengthens our competitive positions in key markets and will certainly pay dividends long into the future. We also realigned our organizational structure into 2 globally integrated business units: Catalyst Solutions and Performance Chemicals. Going forward, our strategy will be to grow and strengthen our catalyst franchise; maximize the life cycles and profitability of our current bromine products; identify, develop and commercialize new applications for bromine; and improve operational excellence through One Albemarle. The reorganization allowed us to simplify our structure, reduce management layers and free up resources to redeploy to areas such as R&D, sales and business development in our core businesses to accelerate growth. We believe the successful execution of these strategic initiatives will drive top quartile returns for our shareholders in the coming years. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier: Thanks, Luke. Before I get into the details, please note that within the presentation we issued with our press release, we added a slide showing the year-over-year change in volumes on a metric ton basis by major product groups on both the quarterly and trailing 12-month basis. I hope that will provide some clarity around demand trends and visibility to longer-term trends rather than quarter-to-quarter variations. Catalysts reported fourth quarter net sales of $306 million, up 4% year-over-year, and segment income of $80 million, up 2%, with segment margins of 26%. Heavy Oil Upgrading, which is primarily comprised of FCC catalysts, experienced double-digit revenue and profit growth year-over-year, driven by new customers and strong order growth for resid upgrading applications. Clean Fuels Technologies, which is mainly comprised of HPC catalysts, delivered year-over-year earnings growth and doubled revenue sequentially, driven largely by strong volumes. There was a concern heading into the quarter and in our December press release about some Refinery Catalyst orders sliding into 2014. But thanks to great execution by the team, we delivered on essentially every order in the quarter. For the full year, Catalysts reported net sales of $1 billion, down 6% year-over-year, and segment income of $246 million, down 16%, resulting in segment margins of 25%. From a revenue perspective, lower metals pass-through offset solid volume growth. FCC enjoyed double-digit volume growth in 2013 despite heavy customer turnarounds during the first half of the year. HPC volumes also were up in the mid-single digits in 2013. Excluding the timing impact of the metal surcharges in Refinery Catalyst, segment income for the segment was down 12% year-over-year. The lower profitability was driven by lower profitability within Performance Catalyst Solutions, driven by increased fixed costs related to new capacity additions, lower sales prices and softer market conditions. Profitability within the Refinery Catalyst division was essentially flat year-over-year, excluding the impact of metal surcharges, with strong volume growth offset by an unfavorable mix in CFT. Polymer Solutions reported fourth quarter net sales of $201 million, up marginally year-over-year, and segment income of $27 million, down 24% with segment margins of 14%. The revenue increase reflected favorable mineral flame retardants and stabilizers trends, offset by lower brominated flame retardant volumes and pricings, particularly within products for the enclosures and construction foam insulation end markets. The double-digit profit decline, despite flat revenue, was driven by a combination of lower pricing and utilization rates, as well as significant volume growth in lower-margin mineral flame retardants and volume decline in the higher-margin brominated flame retardants. For the full year, Polymer Solutions reported net sales of $864 million, down 3% year-over-year and segment income of $158 million, down 22%, resulting in segment margins of 18%. Both top and bottom line results were principally driven by lower flame retardant pricing and higher costs in flame retardants and mix issues offsetting mid-single-digit volume growth for both mineral and brominated flame retardants. Notably 2 to 2.5 points of the total 3% decline in Polymer Solutions sales were a function of the reversal of substantial HBCD price increases taken in 2012 in the wake of a major industry supply chain disruption. Fine Chemistry reported fourth quarter net sales of $185 million, down 4% year-over-year, and segment income of $29 million, down 20%, delivering segment margins of 15%. Segment results for the quarter were primarily driven by clear completion fluid volumes coming in lower than originally expected, due to tight inventory management at year end by certain Middle Eastern and North American customers and a number of delayed well completions in the Gulf of Mexico. These factors offset year-over-year growth in custom services, which finished the year with a strong second half, driven by agriculture and electronic materials-related contracts. Annual net sales were $750 million, down 4% year-over-year, and segment income was $132 million, down 21% year-over-year on segment margins of 18%. Within Performance Chemicals, revenues rose 2% but profits were down 10% as record complete -- clear completion volumes in revenue were offset by lower HBr and elemental bromine pricing and higher fixed costs related to new capacity. Additionally, 2013 was the first year of the change from a 70-30 to a 60-40 profit-sharing arrangement at Jordan Bromine Company, which impacted our bottom line by approximately $6 million in 2013. Overall, for the quarter, we reported all-in diluted earnings per share of $1.91 or $1.08 per share, excluding special items. The largest special item related to a $139 million pretax pension mark-to-market actuarial gain, which amounted to $1.08 gain per share after taxes. This gain was caused by a combination of positive asset returns in the pension portfolio and an increase in our discount rate from 4% to 5%, roughly tracking the movement of 10-year treasuries. Offsetting that gain were pretax charges of $33 million or $0.27 per share after-tax for termination benefits related to a workforce reduction initiated in connection with realigning our operating segments. Most of these reductions will be completed in the first quarter of 2014. I would caution you that this exercise was to enable us to redeploy resources to drive growth and we do not expect to take these savings to the bottom line in 2014. Our quarterly and full year effective tax rates were 19.7% and 21.9%, respectively. The full year rate is down 260 basis points compared to the 2012 rate of 24.5%, driven by the geographical mix of our profits. R&D expense ended the year at $82 million, up 4%, as we continue to invest in a number of organic growth opportunities. For the full year, R&D expenses as a percent of revenue were 3%, up roughly 30 basis points year-over-year. SG&A expenses, adjusted for nonoperating pension and OPEB items, ended the year at $263 million, down 3% versus 2012, driven by lower performance-based incentive and compensation levels. And we're essentially flat as a percentage of net sales at 10%. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations adding back pension and postretirement contributions and subtracting capital expenditures, was $291 million for 2013, up 27% from 2012, due mainly to lower capital expenditures. During the year, we repurchased $582 million of our stock or approximately 9.2 million shares at an average price of $63, ending the year with a diluted share count of 80.1 million shares. There are approximately 6 million shares remaining in our current board authorization. Overall, our balance sheet remains strong with net debt of $588 million, excluding nonguaranteed JV debt, up $383 million year-over-year, and a net debt-to-EBITDA of 1.0x, right on target with our expectations. Net working capital as a percentage of sales ended the year at 23% versus 21% in 2012 as net working capital rose to $612 million. The increase was primarily driven by higher accounts receivables. Although the successful shipment of several large HPC orders toward year end did skew receivable levels somewhat higher, overall, we were simply not successful at reducing net working capital, an opportunity that will receive greater focus in 2014. As we stated on our last earnings call, our initial target is to permanently reduce working capital by at least $100 million by 2015 and we have initiatives underway right now to ensure we make meaningful progress toward this objective in 2014. Looking forward to 2014, we expect CapEx to decline to somewhere between $120 million and $140 million, a level that is still expansionary, but down 20% year-over-year. We expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 25%, excluding special items, driven by our expected geographic mix and the current lapse of U.S. tax credits, including the R&D tax credit. Foreign exchange-wise, we hedge our balance sheet exposures. However, our most significant exposure from an earnings standpoint relates to the euro and Japanese yen. For every 1% change in the euro-dollar exchange rate, we would expect a pretax earnings impact of approximately $750 million. And for every 1% change in the yen-dollar exchange rate, we would expect a pretax earnings impact of approximately $1 million. There don't appear to be any major increases in raw material costs in 2014, but we continue to monitor it very closely. We are currently forecasting an increase in energy costs, however, of approximately $10 million to $12 million. Given the current weather conditions in the U.S., we are forecasting a headwind in the first quarter as well. If U.S. natural gas prices stay where they are for the full year, we would have an additional $6 million to $8 million of headwind on the year, totaling $16 million to $20 million. Additionally, we would expect corporate expenses to increase $25 million to $30 million over 2013, driven by performance-based incentive compensation. As previously announced, effective January 1 of this year, we realigned our organizational structure into 2 Global Business Units: Performance Chemicals will include Fire Safety Solutions, Specialty Chemicals and Fine Chemistry Services, consolidating the company's bromine, mineral and custom manufacturing assets. The Catalyst Solutions GBU will include Refinery Catalyst Solutions, Performance Catalyst Solutions and Antioxidants, consolidating our assets focused on the refining and petrochemical industry. We will report in this manner for the first time when we release our first quarter earnings in April. However, in March, we plan to release an 8-K providing 4 years of restated historical financial data. Upon that 8-K being filed, as usual, we will be readily available to answer any question that you might have as you adjust your financial models. With that, I will turn the call back over to Luke to talk further about our outlook.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Scott. Looking at 2014, we expect double-digit segment income growth from Catalyst with Refinery Catalyst expected to be the largest contributor to our company's overall earnings growth for the year. Within Heavy Oil Upgrading, we expect to benefit from continued strong demand globally for FCC catalysts, designed to handle heavy resid-based feedstocks, maximize propylene production and address the metal contaminants found in North America shale oil. We have ample capacity to meet our growth objectives in light of a capital efficient de-bottlenecking project at our Bayport facility that will be completed in the second half of this year, which will increase our FCC capacity there by approximately 15%. FCC is poised for a great 2014. Improved earnings in Clean Fuels Technologies will be driven by solid volumes, better product mix and increased catalyst intensity driven by more stringent fuel specs. Sulfur specs in fuels continue to decline around the world. In 2014, China is planning to decrease the maximum sulfur content in gasoline from 150 parts per million to 50, and in diesel from 350 parts per million to 50. Brazil is also expected to mandate ultra-low sulfur diesel by commercial vehicles within cities this year. Saudi Arabia appears committed to reducing sulfur in gasoline and diesel to 10 parts per million by 2016, down from 500 parts per million for diesel as recently as 2012. Gasoline sulfur levels in the U.S. could decline by more than 60% to 10 parts per million by 2017 if the EPA's most recent proposal is approved. All of these bode well for continued growth in our CFT business. In Performance Catalyst Solutions, we expect top line growth to be offset by a combination of the full year impact of fixed costs associated with the units brought online last year, the full year impact of TEA volumes previously produced in our U.S. facility shifting to the new joint venture plant in Saudi Arabia and a continued highly competitive environment within aluminum alkyls. Within Polymer Solutions, our view of third-party market indicators and order book trends has led us to assume that bromine pricing trends stabilize, but earnings remain flat overall in 2014. The IPC book-to-bill ratio, which has historically correlated reasonably well with our tetrabrom volumes, has now declined for 3 straight months to 0.91. PC shipments declined by between 6% and 7% in the fourth quarter, according to IDC and Gartner, and by roughly 10% for the full year. Both data providers project a smaller rate of decline in 2014 relative to what occurred in 2013, but both expect further declines. From a TV standpoint, third-party projections call for a 1% decline in global sales in 2014 with units in the developed world, where fire safety standards are most stringent, declining 4%, offset by growth in the developing world. The one sector of electronics where indicators are more favorable is connectors. The connectors market is exceptionally diverse, encompassing areas such as automobiles, household appliances and mobile networks and devices, in addition to PCs and TVs. In December, the Bishop Report Connector Confidence survey was at 74.1, up from November and almost 27 points higher year-over-year with North America and Asia driving much of the improvement. Throughout 2013, our order patterns for brominated polystyrenes were consistent with the upward trend of this survey, although they have not shown further acceleration in the early weeks of 2014. Mineral flame retardants demand in Western Europe stabilized in 2013, but pricing was a struggle. We are forecasting modest year-over-year growth within wire and cable applications in automotive, construction and infrastructure, the primary application impacting this business. Our efforts to grow this business in the Asia Pacific region are continuing to meet our expectations, resulting in sales to that region becoming a meaningful percentage of this business. Our Curatives and Stabilizers business is expected to follow a strong 2013 performance with another year of growth, driven by new lubricant antioxidant customers, polymer antioxidant growth in China and an improved global infrastructure environment benefiting curatives. We expect modest segment income growth from Fine Chemistry in 2014, nearly entirely driven by Performance Chemicals as the profit outlook for Fine Chemistry Services is flat. Within Performance Chemicals, growth is primarily expected to come from clear completion fluids, elemental bromine and specialty bromides. Specifically, after an exceptional 2-year run, clear completion fluids are expected to grow at a healthy rate but more slowly than in recent years. Based on the current delivery schedule of new rigs, the offshore Gulf of Mexico rig count is forecasted to rise from 43 today to near 50, up 16% by year end with growth in developing countries, particularly the Middle East and Asia, continuing to drive growth in fuel consumption, offsetting flat to declining demand in developed markets. Factors that could cause downside to our view would include a continuation of the recent destocking and well completion delay episodes that we observed in the fourth quarter and a meaningful decline in oil prices or increase in regulatory pressure on offshore drilling, which can lead to delays in deepwater and ultra deepwater spending Fine Chemistry Services has a solid pipeline and good growth in contracts linked to electronic materials and agricultural applications. However, in 2014, profits will likely be flat. 2014 will be a year of transition in that we will lose almost half of our 2013 profits from Fine Chemistry Services due to the expiration of certain contracts. Our new projects will offset that loss and set us up nicely for future growth. The long-term prospects for this business are better than ever. As we roll up the various factors by business, our plan anticipates revenue growth of the order of 7% to 8% to around $2.8 billion for 2014. From a segment income standpoint, we expect growth in the range of 2% to 7% to between $485 million and $510 million with Catalysts driving the bulk of that growth, Polymer Solutions should be essentially flat and Fine Chemistry up slightly. This would result in cash flow from operations growing in the range of 10% to 15% to between $475 million and $500 million with some meaningful upside if we are successful at reducing our days of working capital through our One Albemarle initiatives. We will deploy that cash to drive shareholder value and would expect to end the year, absent a meaningful transaction, with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of approximately 1x. To that end, from a capital allocation standpoint, you can expect us to allocate our cash flow roughly as follows: 25% for CapEx, 10% for restructuring-related payments, 10% for potential investments and the balance or roughly 50% for dividends and share repurchases. Consistent with that approach, we anticipate entering into an accelerated share repurchase program in the coming weeks for the repurchase of approximately $50 million of stock by the end of April. And absent an acquisition, we would expect to continue to enter into accelerated share repurchase agreement of a shorter duration throughout the year. In closing, in 2014, we celebrate 20 years as a public company. During that time, our revenue has grown at a 5% CAGR, segment income has grown 9% per year and our market capitalization has risen at a 53% CAGR. Our challenge going forward is to extend our legacy of being among the highest performing, most innovative companies in the global specialty chemicals pace. I am confident that we are taking appropriate strategic steps towards extending our impressive historical track record and that we have the employees, management team, assets, strategic position and financial strength to meet that challenge. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Lorin for questions and answers.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thanks, Luke. Operator, we're ready to open the lines for Q&A at this time. [Operator Instructions] Please proceed, operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Neal Sangani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is actually Neal Sangani on for Bob. I was hoping you could discuss maybe a little bit about the cadence of margins in Fine Chemistry. You brought on some new capacity and are absorbing the fixed costs. Is the fourth quarter absorption or the margin decline kind of where you're expecting things to reset absent utilization improvement?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I'll turn it over to Matt. But I think if you really look, we were at the high teens in 2013 overall, and that I think we could maintain that. I think it's difficult to look at any one quarter because you have moving parts back and forth, but I think the cadence of it for the full year is going to be in that range. Go ahead, Matt.
Matthew K. Juneau: No, I would say that is right. If you look overall, fourth quarter did have some impact because of slightly lower clear brine volumes. We're seeing this come back in the first quarter. So I think if you look at 2013 on average, it gives a better predictor of 2014 then just the fourth quarter.
Neal Sangani - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in Catalysts, I know you get the question a lot, but maybe you could update us on the latest on your thoughts on FCC market share, given the positive outlook?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I'll let Michael talk about that. From a share standpoint, though, if you looked in the fourth quarter, there wasn't a whole lot of movement for the year on market share in FCC. We won a few, we lost a few, but overall, is roughly the same. Michael?
D. Michael Wilson: Yes. I mean, I think for the year, overall, our share percentage is up 1% to 2%. So not a big movement there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
John Hirt: This is actually John Hirt sitting in for P.J. Can you talk about where your inventory levels are for brominated flame retardants and non-BFR derivatives and just sort of put that in the context of how that might compare to the previous year?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I'll let Matt talk the details. But I think that really in the bromine chain, we've done a fairly good job of pushing down our inventory levels there. And Matt can talk more about details.
Matthew K. Juneau: If you look at brominated flame retardants, actually we brought inventory down on a days basis throughout the year. And we ended the year in what I would characterize as about the appropriate level of inventory for the brominated FR business, so we don't have an inventory overhang. If you look at the non-FR bromine derivatives, similar story, except in the fourth quarter we did get caught just a little bit by the slowdown in clear brines and we'll be adjusting that as the year goes on.
John Hirt: Okay. And then as a follow-on to that, where are your utilization rates today for your bromine assets and then also for the BFRs? And where do you see those going in the first or second quarter?
Luther C. Kissam: We're not -- we had to be careful there because, remember, we added some capacity in bromine and in clear brine. So if you look, overall, and Matt, I think this is generally where we are, if you look at bromine rates at -- for 2013, we ended the year roughly at about 68% for bromine and we're going to run a little -- maybe a little bit slower in the first quarter because of what Matt said in clear brine, a little bit stronger in the second quarter, but for the year maybe up 1 point or so but about there for bromine. If you look at all BFRs, for the year, we ran about a little over 50% capacity utilization for -- on all brominated flame retardants and we'll again start off the year a little slower because maintaining that inventory and Matt will talk later, I'm sure, about Chinese New Year. But we'll end the year roughly -- to hit the forecast roughly the same level as we did '13.
Matthew K. Juneau: That's exactly right. Nothing to add, that's exactly right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
Jermaine R. Brown - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is actually Jermaine Brown sitting in for Dave. Two questions. Within brominated flame retardants, where do you see pricing trends -- where do you foresee pricing trends going forward? And what was the success rate of the price increases late last year? And then what do you expect volume growth to be for BFR in 2014?
Matthew K. Juneau: Okay. I'll take that one if you look overall at pricing trends, clearly, we've had some price degradation, but that has mostly stabilized at this point. And we are really seeing 2014 as roughly flat with the way we ended 2013 right now. And if you look specifically at what we did in the fourth quarter when we announced the price increase on tetrabrom, we did see some support for that from the major producers of tetrabrom. We didn't see the type of support we'd like to see if you look specifically at the Chinese-type suppliers.
Jermaine R. Brown - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Understood. And for the 2 polyolefin catalyst plants that came on in Korea and Saudi Arabia, what do you expect the impact from the start-up costs to be in 2014?
Luther C. Kissam: I think the start-up costs -- we keep calling start-up costs. There are some that are actually start-up costs, but what you're seeing in '13 -- what you saw in '13 and what we're seeing in '14 is the full year impact of the cost that it takes to operate those sites and they're still in qualification runs, so you're not getting the revenue to offset that start-up, if you will. So I just want to be sure -- those start-up costs aren't going away. The costs are going to be there. We need revenue to fill it up, post qualification, to be able to drive that. Why don't I turn it over to Scott or Michael for more detail there.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, I think to quantify the cost that Luke's talking about is probably in the midteens in millions that we'd expect is really in 2 components: it's the additional operating costs that we brought on, plus the fact that we'll be shifting some volumes from production in Pasadena to our joint venture in Saudi Arabia. So that's part of that midteens millions headwinds I'm talking about, in addition to the costs that we've had.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Ian Bennett - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Ian in for Vincent. In Polymer Solutions, I think some comments were made last year about $160 million or so of costs being taken out of the business since 2009. And I had kind of thought of trough earnings in that business around the $35 million level. So if you'd just talk what's changed since 2009 and I guess since the expectations were kind of laid out in the end of 2012 and the beginning of 2013?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I'll take that. I mean, largely what's happened is you've seen costs continued to rise that we've had there. Some of it is raw material costs, some of it is depreciation, some of it is costs relative to people because you've got kind of 3% going up every year. You've also got price from 2009 till the day you've seen it go up and then you've seen it come back down. So Matt can add to it, but just a combination of increased prices, but the bigger driver is some price degradation.
Matthew K. Juneau: That's an accurate statement. We've had some cost creep that we're working on right now. And we have had some price erosion, as we've talked earlier. Again, that price erosion is basically, at this point, stabilized as we enter 2014.
Ian Bennett - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. And for that price erosion, are you guys seeing in the market other competitors that are shutting down, that are not profitable at these levels? Or what is your expectation? Or is it just tied to the volumes that we're seeing in PCs and TVs?
Luther C. Kissam: We're not seeing anybody shutting down anything. I mean, I think at the end of the day when you look at bromine, it all comes down to what happens with the Chinese bromine because those guys will run for cash and at the levels -- even today at the levels that everybody is glowing [ph] about, about the profitability. We're still making a very good return on bromine and there's a -- from a cash operating standpoint, there's a lot of cash to be made at these levels. It's an excellent business. We get wonderful leverage on it. And I think people forget sometimes that the value that it creates and the cash it generates at the levels that they are here, we're still talking. If you look at polymers, I guess, the way I would say this, if you look at polymers, we had high teens margins. But not every product across the portfolio has average margins. And if you look at that, your brominated flame retardants are going to be at much higher than that average that you see in polymers and any antioxidants and mineral flame retardants is going to be much lower. So at the end of the day, you're looking at a blended average of that margin. It's still -- there are very good margins to be made in these brominated flame retardants at the prices that we saw in 2013.
Ian Bennett - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And just one last quick one. On the working capital reduction, how much of the $100 million is attainable in 2014? And what kind of incentives are being put in place to reach that goal?
Luther C. Kissam: It's roughly half. And there are incentives tied to management's AIP and long-term incentive to ensure that we're properly incented to drive that working capital out and keep it out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
George D'Angelo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: This is actually George D'Angelo on for Laurence today. What is your initial expectation for the HPC mix outlook in 2014?
Luther C. Kissam: Michael?
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, we're actually anticipating a favorable mix in HPC relative to what we saw in 2013. So that's going to be a contributor to earnings growth in that division.
George D'Angelo - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And on Polymer Solutions, can you guys give any pricing outlook?
D. Michael Wilson: We have budgeted pricing roughly flat with the way pricing ended the year. Obviously, we'll be looking for opportunities if demand trends would help us. But right now, we're assuming flat pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Sheehan with SunTrust.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just on the acquisition front, you alluded to some potential for doing acquisitions this year. I'm just wondering if you could provide your insights on to how you're looking at the acquisition market right now. Do you see bolt-on acquisitions focused on technologies or maybe focusing on achieving cost positions? What are your priorities there?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, from a priority standpoint, acquisitions need to be consistent with the strategy that we laid out. So that strategy is strengthen and grow our Catalysts franchise and really seek new applications for bromine. So if you look at it, I can see either an -- any acquisition or any type of bolt-on or collaboration will be something that would either be in the bromine area to drive -- strengthen our current products or drive additional use or to strengthen and grow our Catalysts business. So I think you can look for us to work on projects in those areas.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on Catalysts, what's your outlook for FCC pricing in 2014?
D. Michael Wilson: This is Michael. We're actually expecting higher pricing in 2014. We announced a price increase, I think, midyear 2013. We're in the process of implementing that just given contract cycles and customer cycles. It will -- that's going to happen over a couple of year time period. So I would say prices will be modestly higher in FCC 2014.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Ritzenthaler with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: On the pricing weakness called out in PCS, I'm assuming it's mostly concentrated in polymer catalysts. I guess is that a fair assumption? And can you give more detail about why pricing was weak there?
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, you're exactly right. The pricing weakness is in the polymer side of the business and it's really related to global overcapacity for organometallics that we sell into that segment. We're in part responsible for that with capacity that we brought on, but others have brought capacity in as well. So that's a very competitive market at the moment.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Luke, does the strategic decision to pursue the Saudi JV to secure those volumes look more favorable now than it did, say, 12 months ago?
Luther C. Kissam: I would say that as we get it up and running -- one thing I'd say is that is the best aluminum alkyl facility in the world. It is the most efficient and it should be the low cost once we get it up and running and we expect to do that. So we're going to be strategically able to supply that growing region better. Do I wish that all of -- a lot of that volume wasn't coming out of our Pasadena site? Certainly. But that's the nature of the beast. And I think what you've got to watch is what happens in Europe over the long term, and also when these other ethylene and polyethylene plants come online in the U.S. over the next 5 years, we're going to be in the single best competitive position of all the producers. So we may be a little early, but I still love it from a competitive standpoint.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And just a follow-up, if I could. Trying to reconcile pretty differing world views on the bromine outlook for 2014 that we've heard recently. So I guess, the question is what industry factors could lead to results that are more positive rather than just flat year-over-year? Is it all shouldered by how much price can be captured? Or are there other factors that we should be watching?
Luther C. Kissam: I'll let -- as a general rule, and I'm going to turn it over to Matt for a second, if you don't mind. I think as a general, anytime you're looking at anything, it's demand. So what is the demand out there for the products? Are consumers going out? Are they buying in the developed world -- where you have flame retardant standards, are they buying the electronics? What kind of electronics are they buying? Are they building houses? Is the construction market moving? Is automotive moving? So there's that whole host of consumer-driven confidence on what's going on with markets to drive more demand that you've got to look to. And then we've got to be competitive from a resin system or the products that we're in, in those ultimate end markets. So it's not -- I don't think it's one thing that I can -- that you could point to. But I think overall, we need demand to pick up. And once demand picks up, we have unbelievable leverage for every additional pound of bromine that is produced and where it goes and what it does. And that -- I'm only focusing on the electronics. But Matt, you want to talk a little broader about mercury and other...
Matthew K. Juneau: Yes. Maybe worth adding a little bit on the non-FR side. So obviously, we had a very good year on volume in clear brines in 2013, as Luke alluded to. The trends out there for 2014 are for continued growth in that business. And we feel we are very well positioned when you look at where our assets are, having the assets in the Middle East and the assets here in the U.S. or the Gulf of Mexico, which are still the 2 key regions for clear brine demand. So our outlook for that business is for growth. Luke alluded to mercury as well. Mercury -- total demand for mercury control is growing and it will continue to grow as we get into 2015 when the EPA mandates come into play. So that's going to also drive, I think, additional consumption of bromine. Anything that drives additional tightening of the overall bromine supply demand chain is ultimately good for the industry from a supply/demand point of view, obviously.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Aleksey V. Yefremov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Aleksey Yefremov for Kevin. In one of your slides, you talked about a net debt-to-EBITDA floor of 1.0. I guess the question, should we really consider this a floor such that if you go below that level, you'd be looking to -- for maybe incremental share buybacks? And a related question, are you planning to use additional debt for buybacks in 2014?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I'll let Scott answer that.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes, so we set a target for net debt-to-EBITDA of 1x. So as we get close to that with cash generation, we're evaluating whether or not we need to do additional buybacks or not. Our expectation, as Luke mentioned in the call, was that starting in the first quarter, we're going to do about a $50 million share buyback. That will take about 3 months to do and be completed around the end of April. So started driving toward that, holding that target. So call it a floor or a target, that's really the goal, is to maintain around that 1x net-debt-to-EBITDA. Will we increase debt? Probably not. I think we'd have to reevaluate that target long term for us to be able to drive toward that increase in debt for that situation.
Luther C. Kissam: But if we look -- if you fast-forward into the future and you see that we're not going to be able to close a meaningful transaction consistent with our strategy at a price that we think delivers, we can deliver long-term value to our stakeholders and -- because we're generating sufficient cash that we can fund our maintenance capital, the growth capital fairly easily, then you could see a situation where you could go above that 1.0. That's not a magic line. That's not the Mendoza Line in baseball or anything like that. It's just the line that we've done that we think that gives us a lot of flexibility. We can always lever up if we need to, but that gives us the room as we look at acquisitions to go -- to fund our strategy to give us a comfort level that we can have that capability while at the same time delivering real returns to our shareholders.
Aleksey V. Yefremov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And just a follow-up on polymers, on BFRs pricing, really. I think Luke, you mentioned that returns and margins in that business are fairly good still. And given that fact, what gives you confidence that there is no further downside to pricing in that business? Are your competitors also enjoying good returns or maybe they're close to cash costs at this point?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, well, first of all, I don't know what my competitors' returns are other than what I read in their public documentation. And a lot of producers in China have no idea what their costs are. I mean, I have a view but I don't know whether it's accurate, just I believe. So I don't know what kind of money they're making. I know from what the figures we have that there's still some room in there. But you also got to look at, at some point, what's happening in the marketplace. And as that volume grows with this mercury emission, whether it's bromine use somewhere else, whether so on, that gets allocated and becomes less and less volume available to fund some of these products that are at low pricing right now. So there's going to be opportunities, I think, for pricing there. I mean, if you look at the pricing, there's still a little ways it could go. I mean, sure, you could -- I lived through 2009, so I could always find a scenario where it could go lower. But that's certainly not our expectations today. And as I think Matt said, we've seen stabilization in the second half of 2013 and don't see any reason -- don't see anything right now on the horizon that would lead us to believe there is precipitous potential for a default further.
Matthew K. Juneau: And we'll get another view of the market clearly after Chinese New Year. So we're in that stage right now that you're in every year with this business, where you're waiting to see how things are going to play after Chinese New Year. But there's nothing out there now to say that demand is going to hit south on us. We don't predict that of all.
Aleksey V. Yefremov - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then final question, if I may. You mentioned that operating rates in BFRs are at around 50% and will perhaps remain there for a while. Is there an opportunity to cut fixed costs given this view?
Luther C. Kissam: Well, it will be tough to cut too many fixed costs out. We're always looking at a way to do so. There is some leverage that we pulled back in 2009 that we haven't pulled yet because, quite frankly, we haven't had to do so. There's still cost levers that we can pull. We're all working on continuous cost improvements. And I think there's opportunities there should the situation warrant it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Welcome back to these calls, Michael, so I figured I'd start with you. In terms of your new segment here, maybe give us a perspective of how you're going to manage the Catalysts business maybe differently from the past, and any thoughts on how you can accelerate filling up that capacity expansions that were made over the last year there?
D. Michael Wilson: Sure, Mike. And first of all, I'm glad you didn't ask me about [indiscernible] pricing. These are really performance businesses. And we sell based upon that performance in solving customer problems. And the comment that I made to our leadership team in the last week was we may ship products that we really create value by solving customer problems. So we're going to manage this as a specialty business. Our objective is to accelerate growth in Catalysts and I think we've got the platform and the technology to do that. Technology leadership is going to be very critical to us going forward. It's key to our long-term success. On the Performance Chemicals side, the PCS side, where we've got some overcapacity situation, we're working very hard to build the volumes to fill out that capacity. I think you've got a market segment overall and polyolefins is probably growing today at 5% per year. As Luke pointed out, that could get accelerated as some new projects come on in the U.S. because of the advent of the shale gas. But In addition, participation in the electronics segment of that, specifically LED segment, we're looking at double-digit growth rates. So yes, we do have excess capacity today, but I think we'll fill that out over time and the returns and the economics of that business will improve sequentially as we do that.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then one's for you, Luke. You guys do have a cost savings, meaningful cost savings program, being implemented here. Can you update us on what the total potential cost savings are? I know you want to redeploy a good amount of that to organic growth. But if you need some help to generate some earnings growth this year, could you use some of that to get to where you want to this year?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I mean, Scott, on a full year basis, it's roughly $30 million, right? It's roughly $30 million that we're freeing up to redeploy, but there's a lot of timing issues on that, Mike, about when people leave and when new people come in. So I really -- I caution you, guys. I'm going to redeploy that money. I'm going to redeploy it in the R&D, into business development and growth so that we can kick -- we've got to maintain our competitive advantage in the Catalysts business. I could listen to the competitors calls. You know that their technology that they're working on is aimed right at our sweet spot. We've got to find new uses for bromine and accelerate it. We will continuously in this demand questions that we're getting on all these calls and rightly so about what the demand is. So we've got to deploy those resources, and I'm not taking it to the bottom line.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. So your outlook for this year for the segments do not include the cost -- any cost savings?
Luther C. Kissam: They do not. And Mike, your model should not include it either or you will be hot.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Schwartz with First Analysis.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: You mentioned that you had fulfilled all your catalyst orders in the fourth quarter. So I'm wondering what does the run rate through 2014 look like for FCC and HPC?
Luther C. Kissam: When you say run rate, you mean sales volume or do you mean production?
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: The shipment trend because it can be volatile, right, from quarter-to-quarter? So I'm wondering, if at this point, you're seeing any significantly up or significantly down quarters?
Luther C. Kissam: Go ahead, Michael.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, this is Michael Wilson. I think as you look at sort of the calendarization of our outlook, it's going to strengthen from the first quarter as we go into the second and third quarters. So the first quarter sequentially will be down a bit from the fourth quarter. We had a very strong fourth quarter, but still good in the first quarter and then we'll see it strengthen then as we go into the second and third quarters. So I think typically people would tell you that, at least on the FCC side, the first and fourth quarters typically are weaker quarters. That hasn't necessarily been the case over the last couple of years, but it is a general trend.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Okay. And so -- and that trend does apply consistently between HPC and FCC?
Luther C. Kissam: I think as you look at the breakdown between those and you think about the first quarter, FCC will be stronger in the first quarter than CFT just because of the quarter that we had in the fourth quarter in CFT. But if you look at Refinery Catalyst overall, we're just going to see a strengthening as we go forward.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Okay, sounds good. And then, if I could, as my follow-up. I think in your prepared remarks, Luke, you said 2 to 3 years for high utilization on these new facilities. At what point do you think you get to a utilization rate where they are no longer a headwind?
Luther C. Kissam: Well, I hope that end of this year, on a run rate basis, we'll be there. Steve, one other thing is I just want, in terms of priority, people ask -- what Michael's talking about the earnings and where it would shape for the year, that's really -- that's about Catalysts, not about the whole company. I just want to caution everybody about that. I think if you look at our 2014, the first quarter probably similar to the first quarter of 2013. And then we're going to make probably 55% to 60% of our earnings for the year in the second and third quarter and then see the fourth quarter be kind of similar to the first. So you're going to see kind of a hill for the year, if that makes sense, not a huge hill, but a little bit of a slug. It's going to be, first, similar to the first of last year; second, strong; our third, the strongest; and then fourth kind of back a little bit like the first quarter whenever you look at our full year from an earnings standpoint.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: So from a contribution standpoint, 20%, 30%, 30%, 20%?
Luther C. Kissam: Not quite. I wouldn't put -- the third will be stronger than the second. So it's going to be -- the third will be stronger.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: 20%, 25%, 35%, got you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw for any closing remarks.
Lorin Crenshaw: Well, thanks, everyone, for your attention and for joining us. And as usual, we're available to answer more questions throughout the day and the coming weeks. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Lorin Crenshaw - Director of Investor Relations and Communications Luther C. Kissam - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Scott A. Tozier - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Chief Risk Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Angel Castillo Malpica - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Ian Bennett - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lacey, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Lorin Crenshaw, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Lacey, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all nonoperating or special items, and reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Lorin, and good morning, everyone. Scott and I appreciate the opportunity to share Albemarle's third quarter results with you today. As usual, at the end of our prepared remarks, we'll open it up for your questions. Throughout the year, we've expressed the view that the second half profitability would be stronger than the first half of 2013. In line with our expectations, third quarter earnings were sequentially higher and the highest we've reported year-to-date. We ended the period with net income of $89 million, or $1.09 per share, and net sales of $649 million. EBITDA was $153 million and profitability, as measured by EBITDA margins, was 24%. Our operations continue to generate excellent cash flow with $318 million of cash from operations being generated through the end of the third quarter. Scott will go into more detail shortly about each segment. But at a high level, Catalysts showed sequential improvement and is poised to finish the year strong. Fine Chemistry results were also up sequentially with custom services strengthening sequentially and clear brine volumes staying strong. In Polymers, while results were in line with expectations, they remain below the inherent earnings potential of this business as we continue to see weak demand in European construction and global electronics, particularly television enclosures. Stabilizers and Curatives was a bright spot, reflecting successful efforts to drive geographic expansion of that business. During the third quarter, we announced a business restructuring that is designed to reduce management layers to speed decision-making, increase customer focus and enhance innovation, all designed to accelerate growth. The new structure will be effective January 1, 2014, and I'd like to take a moment to provide the context behind why we're making these changes. Albemarle has, and continues today, to focus on creating sustainable long-term value for its shareholders. The value of our company, including dividends, has risen 425% over the past decade compared with 216% for the S&P Chemicals and 100% for the S&P 500. The core competencies that have driven the success in our core businesses are chemical process innovation and strategic product management. By chemical process innovation, we mean the ability to bring complex products to market faster and at lower costs than our competitors. This capability is most clearly embodied in our Fine Chemicals Services division but is actually an essential part of the DNA of the entire company with many examples across our bromine and catalysts franchises. Strategic product management relates to the fact that, over time, we have been successful in understanding customer performance requirements, delivering products that meet those requirements and pricing for the value of the products we provide the customer. Refocusing on these core competencies and applying it to our core businesses will fuel our future growth and enable us to increase value to all our stakeholders. Since 2005, bromine and catalysts results have accounted for, on average, 70% to 80% of our annual gross profit. It is logical that our organizational structure, strategy and resources be focused on protecting and growing these 2 core businesses. The new structure positions us to do that by aligning our assets under 2 Global Business Units with a stronger customer and market focus in the divisions within each GBU. The Performance Chemicals GBU will include Fire Safety Solutions, Specialty Chemicals and Fine Chemistry Services, consolidating the company's bromine, mineral and custom manufacturing assets. The Catalyst Solutions GBU will include Refinery Catalysts Solutions, Performance Catalyst Solutions and Antioxidants, consolidating our assets focused on the refining and petrochemical industry and combining antioxidants and polymer catalysts under 1 GBU with the goal of increasing sales synergies of these products into the polyolefin marketplace. As we look to the future, our growth strategy will be focused on developing and commercializing new applications for bromine, protecting and growing our flame retardants business and protecting and expanding our Catalysts business into new markets. This business reorganization is consistent with that strategy. To grow our bromine franchise substantially over time, we must grow the pie by developing new applications. I don't mean incremental innovations like the next new bromine and flame retardant or biocide, although we are working on those as well. I mean breakthrough innovations that create new uses for bromine and solve new challenges for existing or new customers. As we shared on the last quarterly earnings call, our bromine task force is at the core of this effort. Additional resources to be directed to this effort as part of our restructuring should accelerate the achievement of key milestones on the journey to commercialization of these new bromine applications. Of course, the stepped up focus on investments in R&D will take time to pay off. In the short run, we will continue to maximize the value of our existing bromine derivatives portfolio through line extensions and to new end markets and continued incremental innovations. In the long run, we expect our focus on developing breakthrough innovations to drive meaningful new sources of growth. Our strategy for growing our Catalysts business over time is by defending, protecting and building upon our strong existing positions in Refinery Catalysts and organometallics and pushing into adjacent areas that leverage our existing capabilities. A number of megatrends bode well for the long-term demand for refinery and polyolefin catalysts. In polyolefin catalysts, we intend to drive growth by leveraging our new facilities in Saudi Arabia and Korea to capture growth in the Middle East and Asia and free up U.S. production capacity to capture more than our fair share of sales to the Gulf Coast ethylene and derivative production capacity projected to come online over the next 5 to 6 years. We also plan to move downstream in finished catalysts and establish a meaningful position in the electronic materials market with our PureGrowth line of high purity metal organic products. With regard to our PureGrowth family of products. During the quarter, we closed on a small but strategic acquisition of Cambridge Chemical Company. Based in the United Kingdom, Cambridge developed a proprietary technology for the production of certain high purity metal organic chemicals used in the laser market. Adding Cambridge's technology and products to Albemarle's current product offering now gives Albemarle the total product portfolio necessary to service electronic materials market, including the LED, semiconductor, OLED and laser segments. We also expect to benefit from R&D collaborations as we integrate this asset. To maintain the competitive advantage in the Refinery Catalyst business, it is essential to have an intimate understanding of the refiner's needs and introduce new products on a timely basis that help them maintain or increase their profitability. This is particularly true amidst changes in the crude slates and overall refinery operating environment. As North America's oil production has been reenergized with the advent of tight oil, our R&D and technical service teams have successfully utilized our high throughput experimentation processes to deliver highly tailored solutions to customers seeking to integrate tight oil into their refineries and FCC units. Specifically, our UPGRADER T and AMBER T catalyst solutions for tight oil were launched earlier this year and are establishing themselves as among the most effective solutions to deal with the unique contaminants prevalent in the tight oil being processed by our customers. In addition, we continue to focus on technical improvements to our FCC catalysts to address the needs of refineries refining heavy resid crude slates across the globe. We are the preferred supplier of catalysts for heavy resid feeds and our technical innovations should allow us to remain so. Within our Clean Fuels Technologies division for ultra-low sulfur diesel application where refiners are looking to lower their fill costs without losing activity levels, we have recently launched a new product, KF 758, with lower density and higher metals activity to meet that need. In addition, within cat feed hydrotreating application, which is the hydrotreating unit before the FCC unit, we are launching 2 new products in view of the introduction of the tighter gasoline specifications to be implemented in the U.S. in 2017. These products provide for improved denitrification and desulfurization, both of which allow refiners to meet these increasingly stringent regulatory requirements and maintain their profitability. While neither will result in a step change for volume or profitability, it does demonstrate our capability to meet the need for constant innovation in this business. Finally, as you know, in order to capture our fair share of the market for nonhalogenated flame retardants, Albemarle developed a unique phosphorus-based product, Gemini, that delivers superior electrical properties and heat resistance in printed wiring boards used in mobile and cloud computing applications. In the third quarter, we had some limited commercial sales into high-end printed wiring board applications. In addition to printed wiring boards, we believe Gemini can be used in specialty films, fibers and wire and cable applications and we are optimistic about the long-term potential of these exciting new products. These are the types of innovations that are necessary to meet the ever-changing needs of our customers. As we restructure our business and organization, we are looking to both increase the number of these types of innovations and shorten the time to market. We will do this by increasing customer focus, enhancing resources dedicated to innovation and capitalizing on operational efficiencies. These actions should accelerate our growth and ultimately increase shareholder value. Here's why we think this is achievable: as previously discussed, the restructuring aligns our assets, business and resources with our strategy. Second, it provides clear accountability to the GBU to grow their businesses. Different from the functional matrix under which we currently operate, most functions will now report directly to the GBU leader from R&D, process development and sales to manufacturing and strategic sourcing. Third, it provides for a leaner management structure, which should drive 2 primary results: quicker decision-making and lower G&A spending. However, this is not a cost-savings exercise but rather one to allow us to redeploy resources into areas such as R&D, sales and business development, which will accelerate growth. Fourth, this change will serve as the catalyst to better our operations and supply chain. Operational excellence is at the essence of the strategy we launched back in 2009 that we call One Albemarle. Step one was the establishment of shared service centers in Budapest, Hungary; Dalian, China; and Baton Rouge, Louisiana where we now conduct the vast majority of the company's transactional activities such as payables, customer service, accounting and collections. The next phase of One Albemarle will be driving supply chain efficiencies and standardizing business processes across the company. With our current net working capital as a percentage of revenue of approximately 24%, we need focus here and have established an initial target of reducing working capital by at least $100 million by 2015. Finally, the combined resources freed up by management delayering and our supply chain and business process efficiency initiatives will allow us to boost our R&D spending as a percentage of sales to around 4%, providing financial support behind our goals of delivering breakthrough innovations that drive growth in both bromine and catalysts. We won't get to that level in 2014, or maybe even 2015, but that's where we're headed in the long term. We also must execute on all of this while maintaining our focus on safety and environmental performance. There's never a good time for change such as this, but waiting is not a viable alternative either. The restructuring will have us better aligned to implement our stated strategies and will allow us to redeploy resources to regain an intimacy with our customers and markets and drive future growth. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier: Thanks, Luke. I'm going to start with a review of our business segments and then turn to the details on our P&L and cash flow. Overall, our net sales were $649 million, down 2% year-over-year, but up 2% from the second quarter. Segment income was $136 million, or 21% of sales, down 10% year-over-year and up 6% from the second quarter. Catalysts reported third quarter net sales of $226 million, down 10% year-over-year; and segment income of $57 million, down 7% year-over-year on segment margins of 25%. Sequentially, from the second quarter, segment income was up 13%. 5% or 1/2 of the year-over-year revenue decline was due to the impact of lower metal surcharges within Refinery Catalyst Solutions, but this had no impact on segment income. Operating profits at heavy oil upgrading, which is mostly fluid-cracking catalysts, were up 23% year-over-year, driven by higher volumes from new and existing units, a number of new trials, fewer FCC customer turnarounds and favorable production leverage. Within Clean Fuel Technologies, which is mostly hydroprocessing catalysts, volumes and profits were down year-over-year, driven by unfavorable mix, lower specialty sales and the timing of several orders slipping into the fourth quarter. Combined, Refinery Catalyst segment income was up 24% from the second quarter, driven by the heavy oil upgrading results. Performance Catalyst Solutions revenue declined 5% and segment income was down 26% year-over-year, driven by the impact of our new factory start-up costs. Overall, polyolefin catalysts and co-catalysts volume growth was offset by lower MAO and custom catalysts sales. PCS pricing was down due to competitive pressure, but seems to have stabilized. Our third quarter traction in electronic materials is lower than expected even though revenues associated with our PureGrowth products has nearly doubled year-over-year. We are also starting to see the effects of TEA production shifting to our joint venture with SABIC, which reduces Albemarle's revenue and increases joint venture income. We expect to -- we continue to expect the unfavorable impact of factory start-up costs, including Korea, to amount to a full year drag on the order of $20 million to $25 million. Fine Chemistry reported third quarter net sales of $198 million, up 3% year-over-year and segment income of $37 million, down 15% year-over-year on segment margins of 19%. Revenue was up on higher custom services, specialty bromides and ag volumes while profitability fell principally due to the mix of custom and pharmaceutical contracts, higher clear completion sales out of Jordan, which led to a higher minority income to our partner and favorable -- unfavorable manufacturing variances. Within Performance Chemicals, clear brine fluids remained strong with volumes up double digits and specialty bromides led by food-safety also reporting strong results. This was offset primarily by lower amines pricing and lower elemental bromine volumes, reflecting a more sluggish tone to the global radial tire end market. Throughout the year, we have forecasted a stronger second half for Fine Chemistry Services. Third quarter results were in line with those expectations, driven by stronger ag volumes and select new product launches driving electronic materials-related growth, particularly offset by weak ibuprofen profitability and overall contract mix. Sequentially, overall, Fine Chemistry Services segment income was up 21% from second quarter levels. Polymer Solutions reported third quarter net sales of $224 million, up 3% year-over-year. Excluding the impact of exiting our phosphorus flame retardants business in 2012, sales were up 7%. Segment income of $41 million was down 8% year-over-year on segment margins of 18%. Brominated flame retardant revenue was up 3% and segment income was down 12% year-over-year. Higher year-over-year volumes in enclosures, connectors and printed wiring boards were offset by connectors mix and enclosures price. From a brominated flame retardants demand standpoint, we continue to see sluggish trends within the electronics and insulation end markets. HBCD volume and pricing benefits from a prior year supply disruption amounted to an approximately $6 million negative impact on current quarter earnings as pricing has come full circle, declining significantly back to levels prior to our announced price increases a year ago. European residential construction remains weak, impacting our volumes in the quarter. Mineral flame retardant revenue rose year-over-year by about 10%, mostly driven by China wire and cable, North America auto and specialty cable applications and a more stable European end market. Segment income was up only slightly due to the mix of product and pricing as the cost of sales to China are higher for our Bergheim, Germany plant. We continue to prepare to build a new fine precipitated ATH plant with our partner, Senze Meilu Company, aimed at wire and cable applications within the energy sector, which is benefiting from a rising energy consumption in China and throughout the Asia Pacific region. Finally, Stabilizers and Curatives revenue and segment income rose 13% and 58%, respectively, year-over-year, driven by solid demand in polymer, fuel and lube antioxidants, which continue to benefit from new customer wins, growing sales outside of China and an improved cost position in a key raw material. Now to highlight a few other P&L items for the quarter. SG&A expenses were $63 million during the quarter, flat sequentially, but up 17% year-over-year and higher as a percentage of sales at 10%. Excluding nonoperating items, SG&A is up 14%, mainly due to an increase in personnel and some third-party costs. R&D expenses were $19 million for the quarter, down 2% year-over-year and flat as a percentage of revenue at 3.0%. Third quarter free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations adding back pension and postretirement contributions and subtracting capital expenditures, was $112 million, up $76 million year-over-year driven by lower working capital usage and CapEx levels. Our year-to-date free cash flow is up 80%, driven mainly by the lower capital spending. CapEx was $32 million in the third quarter, and at $135 million for the year-to-date period, is down $83 million year-over-year. For the full year, we still expect to spend approximately $175 million. Net debt, excluding the nonguaranteed debt of Jordan Bromine Company, dropped to $673 million, driving a corresponding decline in net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA to 1.1x, which is just above our targeted leverage ratio of 1.0x. Adjusted EBITDA excludes restructuring charges and nonoperating-related pension adjustments. Net working capital of $624 million ended the quarter 8% higher than the end of 2012. At 24% as a percentage of sales, it is above our 20% target for the full year. The principal driver of the increase has been higher inventory levels, which we expect to decline as we approach the end of the year, particularly driven by shipments in Refinery Catalysts. Excluding nonoperating items, we expect our effective tax rate for the full year to be 22.6%. This is no change from our expected full year rate at the end of the second quarter. As a result, our effective rate for this quarter, Q3, excluding nonoperating items, was 22.6%. And our rate continues to be influenced by the favorable mix of income and lower tax jurisdictions. As we look forward to Q4, we expect to take a special charge in the fourth quarter in connection with the organization restructuring we are implementing. We're still in the design phase, so it is too early to give a detailed estimate, but we'd expect the charge to be less than $20 million. In addition, we expect that our fourth quarter 2013 mark-to-market adjustment related to our pension and postretirement plans will likely be material. Based on asset returns and interest rate levels as of September 30, the mark-to-market adjustment would result in an actual gain of approximately $100 million. Finally, the accelerated share repurchase program that we entered in Q2 continues until the end of December as we originally stated. We expect the diluted share count to be approximately 80.5 million shares starting in January 2014. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Luke.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Scott. I want to take a minute to update you on the market conditions we're seeing for each business segment. We continue to forecast demand for clear brine fluids to remain strong, following an excellent third quarter. Gulf of Mexico average rig counts increased sequentially again from 51 in the second quarter to 59 in the third quarter while the average international offshore rig count of 321 is up 6% year-to-date versus the full year average for 2012. In Polymer Solutions, there have been no developments in terms of our order book or the external indicators we monitor that would lead us to a more optimistic view than we shared on our last call. The most positive trend across our order book remains the continued relative strength of our brominated polystyrene family of products for connectors, which corresponds with the pattern of the Bishop Report Connector Confidence Index. That index, which was at 75.6 in September, has stayed in positive territory all year and is up from its 2-year low of 35.1 of a year ago. In contrast to the positive connectors trend, the IPC book-to-bill ratio slipped to 1.01 in August, down from the 1.12 at the time of our last earnings call. Historically, ahead of the holiday season, we've usually seen a meaningful third quarter uptick for tetrabrom. However, this year's third quarter pickup was weaker than prior years. In terms of the global TV market, the most recent full year shipment forecast from GfK called for a 5% rise that is 100 basis points lower than the prior forecast with all of the growth coming from developing markets where flame retardant usage is usually low. The number of weeks of TV panel inventory declined sequentially during the quarter. However, at roughly 2.5 weeks, it remains well above historical averages in terms of inventory. Gartner and IDC both reported declines of 8% to 9% in global PC shipments in the third quarter of 2013 compared to the third quarter of 2012. While this was less severe than recent quarters, PC replacement cycles continue to lengthen and smartphones and tablets continue to partially displace PCs and notebooks. Finally, with respect to Europe, we're observing mixed signals. On the one hand, trends have not improved with regard to residential construction, which suggest continued subdued demand for HBCD, a brominated flame retardant used in insulation. On the other hand, we have seen signs of stabilization in the wire and cable market, particularly for automobiles, which should stabilize mineral flame retardant demand. Within Catalysts, we expect FCC volume and pricing to remain strong for the foreseeable future. We are also expecting the fourth quarter to be our best HPC volume quarter for the year, but there are a number of orders scheduled for December and there is always a risk that some could slip into 2014. All in all, we expect fourth quarter results to be higher than third quarter and continue to expect full year EPS to be in the range we outlined in July. The critical factor comes down to the timing of HPC shipments currently scheduled for December. In closing, there is some uncertainty regarding the path and pace of global economic growth for the foreseeable future. It seems clear that developing economies, in particular, are not likely to grow as fast as they have on average in prior years with downward revisions to GDP continuing to occur for Brazil, China, India and many others that we expected to be a key source of demand for our products. No matter the conditions, our job is to manage through any number of headwinds and our past record indicates that we can do so. We remain confident in the long-term fundamental trends driving our businesses and convinced that our business restructuring will accelerate the implementation of our strategy and the creation of shareholder value. The businesses continue to exhibit substantial earnings and cash generation power, and we look forward to sharing with you our views on 2014 in our January call. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Lorin for questions and answers.
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, at this time, we're ready to open the lines for Q&A. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Angel Castillo Malpica - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is actually Angel Castillo... [Technical Difficulty]
Lorin Crenshaw: Angel, are you still there? Operator, I think we've lost Angel.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Luke, for Catalysts in Q4, could you just walk through a bridge of earnings from Q3 to Q4, the main drivers of the improvements and quantify those -- quantify those items?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I don't know that I'll get a whole lot of quantification. But essentially, the story is FCC is going to remain strong. HPC is going to have a fairly significant uptick in volume, similar to what they had in fourth quarter and we'll have -- PCS will be a little weaker.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Understood. And just on the bromine side, you've announced bromine price increases on elementals, as well as derivatives. Talk about the timing of those price increases? What gives you the confidence it'll go through, and what's the initial feedback from customers?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It's different in different pockets. If you look across the bromine channel, we've seen some success in some specialty bromides. If you look at bromine and HBr, not as successful. If you look at tetrabrom, it's pretty -- it's stabilized but not seeing a whole lot of movement. A lot of tetrabrom is for bid so it really depends upon how the Chinese and the other competitors react. So we felt it's important to put the price increase out there. We're still out there pushing for it, but we've not seen the success that in some areas that we've seen in the past, although we are seeing some stabilization in most areas, David.
Operator: And our next question, once again, will come from the line of Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Angel Castillo Malpica - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Luke, can you talk about continued focus on developing new applications for bromine? And I just was wondering about the additional resources that you discussed as part of the restructuring, if you could give us more color on these efforts and just on some of the adjacencies you are pursuing?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I don't want to go into a whole lot of detail specifically about what they are because it's a competitive landscape. And if you look at the other bromine producers, I'm sure they're looking for additional uses of bromine as well. So I don't want to get into too much on the call. But we will take resources and reallocate them to these uses. The thing I would caution you is it's always exciting to put a time line on when these things are going to commercialize. And the fact of the matter is you're not -- you ought to not expect anything in 2014 and nothing in 2015 except additional R&D costs going into this area and us hitting internal milestones. For instance, there was 1 project that we had that we were excited about. We couldn't hit the milestones. We couldn't make it work technically so we've killed the project. That's -- you never want to kill a project, but that's good because while working we found out we couldn't do it. Now, we've moved onto the next. So what I would tell you is this is just like any R&D pipeline that you see where you have metrics and milestones and accountabilities and we're going to stick to that process to try to grab those new uses.
Angel Castillo Malpica - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just a follow-up regarding the bromine pricing announcements that you've had recently and that your competitors have announced. I was wondering if you could give us an update on that? If you're seeing good reception to that or just in general perception?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, as I've just explained to David Begleiter's question there, pretty same -- similar question, we're seeing some success in pockets, some stabilization and some where it's not going through as well it has in the past. But I would believe it is the right approach to take, committed to it and we're going to work to ensure that we're getting the value for the performance enhancement that these products bring.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One of your competitors in Catalysts had lost share and was planning to get it back. Did you see any relative changes in share or any changes in pricing as a result of competitive dynamics?
Luther C. Kissam: None out of the ordinary in the quarter is what I would say. You always have an FCC unit here, an FCC unit there doing a trial, ensuring the refineries. They're not stupid. They use that to keep everybody in line, as well as to see if there's other performance requirements, P.J. So I didn't see anything out of the ordinary. There's one thing, I'd like -- I've gotten a lot of questions about this both on the call and then some follow-up calls when we're out with analysts. And I'd like to talk just for a little bit about our view on valuation in FCC Catalysts. In 2004, before -- when we went to buy the Akzo Nobel refinery catalyst businesses, there was an article written by McKinsey that said FCC was a commodity and should be priced as such. And at that point in time, in 2004, when we bought the business, there was about -- we were selling, or Akzo was, about 125,000 metric tons roughly of FCC catalysts at about $1,000 a met ton and it was breaking even. Subsequent to that, after we paid the multiple we paid for that business, we looked at the value that, that product was delivering, we looked at the performance, we looked at our technological advantage and we started pricing for the value that the product brought. Now when we led that price increase, our volume went down to 85,000 metric tons. So we were down 25% to 30% on the volume. Today, however, the base price is well north of $3,000 and we're still not back to the volume we were in 2004, but it is a better business because we're delivering value to the refiners on the technological performance that we deliver. That's what this business is all about. Customers are going to have trials. And if the crude slate's working your way like it happens to be working our way on FCC catalysts right now and you're delivering value to those refineries and making them more profitable, they're going to switch. They're not going to switch on price unless the performance is equal. So I really -- this is not something as easy where a competitor or Albemarle or anybody else can go out there and try to buy share. It's a performance sale. It has been since we started this thing in 2006 to 2007.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. There are 2 businesses that you mentioned, it is the Gemini business and then there's organometallics going into lighting applications. Can you size the revenues of those 2 businesses and how big they could become?
Luther C. Kissam: I mean, Gemini, in -- and I'll put it out in 5 years or so. I mean, Gemini is kind of in the range of maybe, under certain applications, probably $100 million-type revenue business, profitable business, but in nice applications. And the LED market on what that is, that could be larger. It simply depends upon where our share ends up being in that market over the long term and the adoption of LEDs and OLEDs.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Mike Ritzenthaler with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: From your commentary, it seems as though Catalysts is largely shouldering the burden of hitting the midpoint of guidance that you'd outlined in the last call of down 10% to 15%. So with year-to-date EPS down something like 20% and a little under 2.5 months to go in the year, would you characterize the risk of order slippage into '14 as materially less than it was 3 months ago given the order book in December, Luke, from your comments? Or is the uncertainty about the same as to when customers will instruct shipment?
Luther C. Kissam: It's about the same.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then onto bromine, I'm curious about the potential implications of either the Arab Potash announcing in September that they're curbing production substantially or the rather dismal production economics for potash production that could sustain longer term. Does that materially impact Albemarle's ability to source bromine salts or the impact of raw material costs at JBC?
Luther C. Kissam: No, it doesn't impact us at all because of the -- I mean, the volume that we're taking out of there is so small, it doesn't impact us at all.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies & Company.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Two quick questions. Your corporate expense line is, right now, running well below where it was a couple of years ago. How do you think it will normalize over the next couple of years? And secondly, with the working capital targets you outlined and your balance sheet target, should we be expecting a steadier pace of buybacks going forward? Or is it going to be a case of looking for M&A and then doing a sporadic buyback periodically to fix the balance sheet?
Luther C. Kissam: The first one on the corporate expense, I'm going to let Scott address that one and then I'll address the buybacks.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. So Laurence, in the quarter, corporate -- as you stated, corporate expenses were lower than expected, driven mostly by reduction in our overall personnel expenses incentive pay. We've had a similar effect there in 2012. We're still going through the reorganization process so it's hard to put a specific number on how that corporate expense line would normalize out. But I would expect that fourth quarter and going -- it will be around a $16 million, $17 million level and be -- right now, there's nothing that would point to normalization back to the $19 million to $20 million that we've -- normally would plan for in 2014.
Luther C. Kissam: And with regard to the buyback, I think, as you can tell from the way we've approached it this year with accelerated buyback in that program, I don't think that we're in the business of being opportunistic in buying back stock. I think you'll see a steady buyback next year. And at the call in January, once we get through the AOP and see where we think we can get enough from a cash position, we'll outline the type of range of the buyback that you can expect during the course of 2014.
Scott A. Tozier: We continue to like the net-debt-to-EBITDA target of 1.0x and you can expect us to try to hold to that level.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Luke, in your prepared remarks, I think you highlighted that bromine and catalysts were, on average, 70% to 80% of your profits over the years. In connection with your reorganization, do you foresee any divestitures of product lines that are unrelated to either bromine or catalysis?
Luther C. Kissam: That's a good question. What I would say is, right now I don't foresee any divestitures. But there are some businesses that we need to work to improve some profitability and we've got plans to do that. And some of them are in a shorter leash than others.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then second, on Catalysts, I guess a couple of questions related to the Middle East. I thought I heard you say that the Saudi joint venture's a drag of $20 million to $25 million. Pretty good sized number there. Can you talk about when that will cease to be a drag? Maybe what the pattern looks like over the next several quarters? And then you may have mentioned it, apologies if I missed it, but what's the latest update on the TAKREER order timing in FCC?
Luther C. Kissam: Well, on the order timing, I think it's still mid-year 2014 now is the latest information, public information, that I've heard. And the SOCC is not a full $20 million to $25 million, but I'll turn it over to Scott to get more details on that, Kevin, okay?
Scott A. Tozier: Yes, Kevin, the combination of the Korea new plant, as well as SOCC, is going to affect us by $20 million to $25 million this year from a cost overhang perspective. We'd start to see -- related to SOCC, you'll start to see more shift of profitability into our joint venture line out of our core operating profit starting in the fourth quarter and that will continue going into next year. And then obviously, Korea, we're expecting to start to pick up as we go into next year as we start to fill those plants.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In terms of the reorganization, my understanding it's not a cost savings sort of goal here, but you're going to certainly generate some. Can you quantify that and how much you're going to -- how much -- how big of a number is that, that you're going to redeploy into R&D and SG&A over time to sort of keep the businesses on the growth path?
Luther C. Kissam: I want to redeploy $20 million to $30 million.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that's the savings that you can redeploy?
Luther C. Kissam: That's right.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you talked about, in the past, debottlenecking in FCC and can you give us an update how that's going?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It's going fine. We've approved a project in Bayport facility. That will give us about, over there, roughly, forget what we said publicly before, it's roughly in the range of around 10% or so. And so that's moving along nicely. And we've got plans for other small debottlenecks at both Amsterdam and Bayport to ensure that we're able to meet -- timely meet the demands of our customers and continue to grow this business.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of James Sheehan with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Luke, you mentioned that acquisition of Cambridge before. Could you just give us a sense for the size of that business? What are the sales and EBITDA numbers and where can they get to in the next couple of years?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I think that the Cambridge acquisition, it's a very, very small number from a revenue standpoint. It is -- or from an EBITDA standpoint. It won't move the needle at all. What it is, is it was an acquisition of technology. In our PureGrowth family of organometallics, there's 4 basic fundamental products you need to have in your portfolio to be able to service that electronic materials market. We had 3. We weren't able -- we're having difficulty developing the fourth one to the purity scale that it needed to be. Cambridge had a technology that allowed us to do that, as well as improve some of the product performance that we have in our existing portfolio. So this is really a technological -- a technology acquisition. And it also -- it'll give us -- in addition to having those 4 products to give us a full portfolio, what I'm the most excited about is any time you have R&D and technical resources coming together and have sharing new ideas, you usually always get 1 plus 1 equals 3. So I'm excited, finally, to get these R&D guys together so that they can collaborate because I believe we're going to see some more real breakthroughs in our electronic materials. But you ought not -- it won't move -- it's not going to move the needle meaningful from -- in and of itself, but more in the long term how we grow that electronic materials business.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And on organometallics, I was just wondering, have your reassessed the growth potential of that business in light of some of the competitive intensity that you're seeing and initial growing pains?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think we're in we're a middle of our AOP process for 2014 right now. And the roll-up, I think, is scheduled for later this month. So that is going to be one of the key assessments, I think, we do just like we do in every other business: what's the potential, what's the risk, what's the upside, what's the downside and do we have the skill set to do what we need to do? So it is -- continues to be a profitable business. As I said on the last call, we invested capital probably 18 to 24 months too early and we've got to deal with those costs and we've got to have a plan to fill those assets up and that's what we're working on right now.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Ian Bennett - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Ian in the line for Vincent. So in Polymer Solutions, volume was up 10% year-over-year against kind of easy comp on a 2-year stock, but pricing is still fading. So could you kind of help us think about where volumes need to go from here in order to achieve pricing power either within the context of Albemarle's own operating rates or the operating rates of your competitors?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I think when you look at -- the big issues have really been television enclosures and European construction. Those are the 2 big movers on price. We're still getting some pricing pressure in our 8010 family of products and TV enclosures. And HBCD, you're working on a really tough comparison year-over-year because we had some price increases related to a plant shutdown for a key raw material that we didn't have this year. So you're looking at a tough comp. So I think it's a matter of what happens with the end markets, particularly the enclosures and the television sets, as well as we need some help on construction. And those are the 2 really ones that are moving it, to be honest with you.
Ian Bennett - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So just so I understand, the -- it's not an issue that there's more capacity at this point in time relative to 2012 and 2011, it's really just we're moving lower because of lower volumes that are being shipped?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, it's lower demand as opposed to lower -- to more capacity. What's happening is because -- I think what's happening, you're seeing, is in electronics in China, you're seeing lower demand overall for electronics so the bromine producers are looking for somewhere to put that bromine. They're putting it in 8010, they're putting it in HBCD and they're selling out against it and they're moving it at lower prices. In some instances, our competitors are trying to adapt to that and we are as well. So it really, really more is a demand than a supply change. There's been no change in -- that I'm aware of. And particularly for us, I can just say for us and then what I'm publicly were of, a change in capacity for 8010 for enclosures, HBCD or any of our brominated polystyrene family of products.
Ian Bennett - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then shifting into Catalysts. Revenue was down 10% year-over-year, but net operating profit was essentially flat. So margins expanded nicely. Can you talk about what costs are -- have been taken out and kind of the outlook for that going forward?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I'll turn it over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes, I would say that the biggest driver for that dynamic are twofold: one, we've got the start-up costs that are drying on us. However, FCC performance, or fluid cracking performance, has been very good and we've been getting some good cost performance out of that business given the factory's performance. And then also the pricing there has been favorable for us as well. So overall, that's what's pushing that profitability to be roughly flat.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: During the call, you said that the drag from your new products -- your new capacity expansions was roughly $25 million. Is there a lower drag next year or the same drag? Or if you look at the new projects, what should be the difference in operating profit performance be next year? And secondly, next year, do your capital expenditures go up or down relative to this year and by how much?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It's -- I'll take -- let me take the second question first. We're finalizing the AOP now, Jeff. But I think you should assume a good number for our capital for next year is going to be in the range of $125 million, plus or minus 10%, in that kind of range, which would be closer to our level of depreciation. We've got the assets built, so absent something that I don't know about today, that's the range that you can expect for 2014. We'll give you a better number in January but that's kind of the range right now. For the drag, I'll turn it over to Scott to talk about that for a second.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes, and Jeff, the costs that we're talking about both with Korea, as well as SOCC are the cost of operating those plants. So those costs will be there. Our challenge is to fill those plants. Now we're in the process of transferring products from our plant from the U.S -- TEA from our plants in the U.S. over to SOCC right now, as I mentioned on the call. So we'll start to see that shift happening into that plant even now in the fourth quarter. There's a little bit in the third quarter. Korea is all about trying to fill that plant as we've talked about and drive the revenue up in those areas.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. So what's the difference? Is it bigger or smaller?
Luther C. Kissam: The costs are going to be exactly the same. The difference is going to be we're going to have commercial sales in 2014. They're going to offset those costs whereas today we don't have that. We only have qualification trials. So we don't have any revenue to offset the costs. Costs will be exactly the same. Next year, we should have the revenue and certainly would hope that the revenue would overcome the costs next year.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then for my second question, when you look at your bromine prices sequentially in the third quarter, did they go up or down versus the second and by how much? And in Catalysts, your revenues went down $7 million sequentially and your operating profits were up $10 million. How did you do that?
Luther C. Kissam: Okay. I think, Scott, you take the catalyst one because I think you just answered that a second ago, but go ahead one more time.
Scott A. Tozier: Sure. So real quick on the Catalysts revenue. As you say, overall, our revenue was down but segment income was about the same, really driven by the performance of fluid cracking catalysts on both the volume that we're producing, it's giving us some favorable factory performance. We've got some raw material performance there as well and that's offsetting these -- more than offsetting the start-up costs that we just talked about. And so that favorability coming out of Refinery Catalysts is really helping us.
Luther C. Kissam: And then I'd say on pricing -- Scott, you can talk a little bit, but the big pricing pressure has come in, in the brominated flame retardants and polymers. It's really -- there's pricing pressure on the 2 major areas we've seen: 8010 in television enclosures continues to be under pricing pressure and it's lower year-over-year. And HBCD, the brominated flame retardant that goes into residential construction mainly in Europe, has been under continued pricing pressure and we had a volume issue there as well. I don't see that really changing in the fourth quarter. We haven't seen that -- I don't know whether or not that pricing pressure will continue. But that tetrabrom seems to have bottomed out a little bit of positive movement there. Brominated polystyrene seems to have been hanging in there fine. So it really comes down to what goes into enclosures and what goes into construction. If you're overall also looking at polymers and you're looking at mineral flame retardants, the mineral flame retardants, as we -- the pricing seems to have stabilized. I'd caution you, though, as we sell more into China to baseload our plant for when our JV comes online in 2015, there is -- that is a less profitable sale because of the cost of transportation that we have from Europe, so the pricing seems to have stabilized in mineral flame retardants.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So you're saying that pricing is down sequentially? Did you say that? Or did you just discuss year-over-year in bromine?
Luther C. Kissam: In bromine, when we talked -- yes, it's down sequentially. It's down sequentially.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, our final question will come from the line of Steve Schwartz with First Analysis.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: In FCC, most of your comments, I believe, have referenced those volumes sequentially. But can you give us an idea on the year-over-year where it stood in the third quarter and then what you think in the fourth quarter because I think in the second half of the year here now, you've got some very difficult comps in FCC?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. If you look, in the third quarter, FCC was up by mid-single digits from a volume standpoint. That's what you're asking, right, Steve?
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Yes, that's right, Luke.
Luther C. Kissam: And was also up sequentially over -- like double digits. Then if you look to the fourth quarter, will probably be roughly flat sequentially, I would say, kind of in that range, too hard to tell which would be a favorable -- we'd be up, gosh...
Scott A. Tozier: Double digits.
Luther C. Kissam: Double digits year-over-year.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Sure. Yes -- no. Because you were up double digits last year as a comp, so you're right, flat in the fourth quarter, which should still be pretty good. And then just as my second question, in your slides, you mentioned, for Catalysts, lower-than-expected electronic materials market penetration. Can you -- you addressed kind of the planning for that business. But can you talk a little bit about what's behind that comment?
Luther C. Kissam: Well, yes. I mean, if you look, our electronic materials business that we sell into electronic materials was double what it was in the second quarter, I think, sequentially. I think sequentially, we doubled it. But we expected to do much better. We expected a quicker uptake on the LEDs and we just hadn't seen that to date, Steve.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Okay. So it comes down to LEDs.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks a lot. Thanks, everybody, for the time.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day, everyone.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Lorin Crenshaw - Director of Investor Relations & Communications Luther C. Kissam - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Scott A. Tozier - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Chief Risk Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Second Quarter 2013 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sandra, and I'll be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw, Director of Investor Relations and Communications. Please proceed, sir.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Sandra and welcome everyone to Albemarle's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all nonoperating or special items and reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed. And those reconciliations may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Lorin, and good morning, everyone. Scott and I appreciate the opportunity to share Albemarle's second quarter results and our current views on the rest of 2013 with you today. As usual, at the end of our prepared remarks, we'll open it up for your questions. On our last call, we expressed the view that 2013 profitability would be back-end loaded and that the second quarter results would be very similar to the first. That is exactly what we saw in the second quarter. We ended the quarter with net income of $82 million or $0.97 per share, net sales of $634 million and EBITDA of $137 million, all consistent with first quarter results and in line with our expectations. From a segment standpoint in the quarter, Polymer closed stronger than we expected, Fine Chemistry performed roughly as expected and Catalysts was a little weaker. Scott will go into more detail shortly about each segment. But at a high level, Refinery Catalysts results continue to be impacted by lower metal pass-throughs, customer turnarounds and less favorable mix. In Performance Catalyst Solutions, there were 3 major factors impacting performance. The full cost of our capital expansions hit the PL during the startup and customer qualification phase without the associated revenue. European polymer catalysts customers seem to be trading down to less performance-based catalysts due to the economy. Finally, we sacrificed some share and price at some key accounts to ensure longer-term commitments. In Fine Chemistry, Clear Brine volumes in the second quarter, while strong, did not match the first quarter pace, but increased sales and custom services offset that slight drop off. In polymers, volumes were better than expected, but pricing continued to be under pressure in certain countries [ph]. Demand in electronics, enclosures, commercial construction and infrastructure, particularly in Europe, remained weak. Overall, the performance of our businesses during the quarter was generally consistent with the direction of global economic environment. 60% of our sales are outside the U.S. and the sluggishness in emerging economies, particularly China, impacted demand for products. Demand in Europe remained well below historic norms. Inventory levels and portions of the electronic segment caused customers to remain cautious. Despite this challenging environment, on a year-to-date basis, we have delivered solid EBITDA margins of 22%. Year-to-date cash from operations has totaled $179 million, in line with last year and on track for another year of excellent performance on that basis. The second quarter also saw us being more aggressive on our share buyback program. During the quarter, we executed an accelerated share repurchase program with JPMorgan, under which we will purchase $450 million in stock, which should bring our aggregate 2013 repurchases to roughly 10% of our shares outstanding. We funded this program with a combination of cash on hand and borrowing, and put in place a commercial paper program, under which borrowing costs have recently been on the order of 30 to 40 basis points. Notably, as is normal with accelerated stock repurchase programs, aggregate short interest in our stock rose sharply during the quarter. In turn, short interest has drifted down steadily since our initial announcement, and we would expect it to return to more normal levels by year end at the end of the accelerated share repurchase contract. These actions, combined with the previously announced 20% increase in our dividend, reinforced our commitment to returning capital to our shareholders. As we've previously discussed, from a capital structure standpoint, we expect to maintain leverage of around 1.0x net debt to EBITDA in the future and to continue looking for opportunity to increase our annual dividend and return capital to shareholders while still funding organic and strategic growth. Now I'd like to share a few highlights related to our major capital projects, which met several key milestones during the quarter. With respect to bromine, after successfully commissioning the first phase of its expansion project in the first quarter, which doubled elemental bromine capacity, Jordan Bromine Company commissioned the expansion of its HBr and cleared completion fluids capacity in the second quarter. We didn't see any commercial sales from that expanding capacity in the second quarter, and wouldn't expect much in the third, as we worked through some raw material and startup issues, which are typical for a project such as this. This quarter, we also announced the startup of our TEA facility in Saudi Arabia in conjunction with our joint venture partner, SABIC, with full commercial productions scheduled to begin in the second half of 2013 once customer qualifications are completed. Construction at our Yeosu, South Korea site is complete for our single-site catalyst production facility. And our team recently celebrated the topping off ceremony for the unit under construction, which will produce our PureGrowth line of products for the LED and electronics industry. That unit is expected to be online by the end of the year for qualification runs consistent with our previous reports. The poly plant at Yeosu remains fully booked, as it engages with customers in the region to help them solve their catalyst needs. And we expect the first commercial batch to ship out of our CMU at Yeosu in the third quarter. At our 2011 Investor Day, we outlined our long-term growth expectations in Vision 2015. 3 years into the strategy, the foundation of our business is stronger today than it was at the end of 2010. We've expanded our bromine and catalyst manufacturing footprint in areas of the world close to our customers to focus on markets, which are forecasted for growth. We've continued to manage cost to preserve relatively strong profitability despite tough economic environments, taking decisive actions to address underperforming assets and leverage our strong balance sheet to return substantial capital to shareholders. However, our worldview and global demand expectations have certainly changed. Given slower global growth and less progress than we originally anticipated in expanding into adjacent businesses, it's become clear that we will not attain the Vision 2015 financial targets in that timeframe. The impact of slower global growth on our ability to achieve our goals have been twofold. On the one hand, it has resulted in lower underlying demand than originally anticipated in our key markets. In addition, this lower market demand is resulting in a longer payback period on our major capital investments. The absence of a post-2010 global recovery has been well documented. Growth expectations for advanced and developing economies have fallen considerably since we laid out Vision 2015. This new economic reality and the resulting demand weakness in our key markets has led to increased competitive intensity and has caused us to selectively reduce prices, and in some instances, share in some segments in order to maintain longer-term relationships with key customers. Our major capital projects -- once our major capital projects are fully operational and at 90%-or-so operating rates, we would still expect the associated incremental revenue to be in the range of $250 million to $400 million. However, due to market conditions, the timeframe from startup to 90% operating rates has extended by a couple of years. In short, we invested 12 to 24 months too early. We knew there was a market risk when we made the decision to invest, but decided to go forth as we did, so that we will be prepared to meet the demands of the market and our customers rather than delay investment and risk missing that opportunity. As we have stated previously, we are patient and are prepared to bring capacity on, as needed, in increments to meet market demand. We still believe that we invested in the right markets. Within organometallics, we're now the only market participant with a dual global manufacturing footprint positioning us to capture growth not only in Asia and the Middle East, where petrochemical companies have invested disproportionately over the past 10 to 15 [ph] years, this demand is projected to remain strong. But also in the U.S., where projects where significant new ethylene derivatives production capacity is projected to come online over the next 5 to 6 years. Our bromine expansion further strengthens our position as the world's low-cost bromine producer, balances our bromine production capabilities from a geographic perspective and positions us as 1 of only 2 producers with current capacity to meet any growth to the demand for bromine and bromine derivative. We've also increased our R&D focus on discovering new applications for bromine and bromine derivative products. Our balance sheet remains strong and we continue to generate strong cash flows. As a result, we have the financial wherewithal, if we choose to exercise it, to still achieve the lower end of the Vision 2015 EPS targets through additional stock repurchases. However, growing operating earnings remains at the heart of our strategy and is our primary focus. Overall, we remain determined to position Albemarle as an innovative high-performing company in all economic circumstances. We've invested early in the right markets, enjoyed strong financial flexibility to grow organically or through acquisition, and remain confident in the long-term fundamental driving growth in the markets we serve and in the underlying earnings and cash generation power of our businesses. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier: Thanks, Luke. I'm going to start with a review of our business segments and then turn to the details on our P&L and cash flow. Catalysts reported second quarter net sales of $234 million, up 2% year-over-year, and segment income of $51 million, down 25% year-over-year on segment margins of 22%. A number of unique headwinds continue to impact results that make it challenging to interpret the underlying health of the business without adjusting for them. Excluding the impact of lower metal surcharges and refinery catalysts, startup costs in Performance Catalyst Solutions and above-normal turnarounds in our Heavy Oil Upgrading segment, sales would've been up approximately 12% year-over-year and segment income would've been up 6% year-over-year. Finally, joint venture income came in less than expected due to lower metal surcharges, softness in demand and unfavorable exchange rate impacts, particularly the yen. Within Refinery Catalysts solutions, Heavy Oil Upgrading volumes, which is mostly fluid cracking catalysts, were up double digits year-over-year. And excluding the impact of metal surcharges, segment income was down slightly due to negative customer mix from several large customer turnarounds and lower joint venture income, particularly in Brazil. Barring another large change to metals pricing, this should be the last quarter where metal surcharges cloud the numbers. Clean fuel technologies volumes, which are mostly hydroprocessing catalysts, also rose double digits year-over-year, driving similarly the strong levels of sales and segment income growth. The mix of clean fuel shipments was similar to last year. Performance Catalyst Solutions revenue declined 9% year-over-year, and segment income was down approximately 17%, excluding the impact of higher startup costs. Lower revenue was driven by slower demand for polyolefins in Europe and customer destocking, resulting in lower production rates and therefore polymer catalyst demand. We continue to experience the unfavorable impact of factory startup in the quarter and still expect such cost to amount to a full year drag of -- on the order of $20 million to $25 million. Fine Chemistry reported second quarter net sales of $176 million, down 16% year-over-year, and segment income of $34 million, down 25% on segment margins of 20%. The year-over-year profit decline was mainly driven by a lull in custom deliveries and the expiration of several high-margin contracts that positively impacted the year-ago period. Lower pricing within HBr, elemental bromine and amines are also contributed to lower year-over-year profitability, partially offset by year-over-year growth in clear brine fluid volumes, although clear brine volumes were not as strong as Q1. Also, sequentially, bromine and HBr pricing are holding firm. Polymer Solutions reported second quarter net sales of $224 million, down 9% year-over-year. Segment income of $44 million was down 34% year-over-year on segment margins of 20%. Excluding the impact of exiting our phosphorus flame retardants business, revenue was down 4% year-over-year. Our flame retardants division was responsible for most of the year-over-year decline in segment revenue and profit, mainly attributable to lower pricing in the HBCD, 8010 and minerals product lines. Specifically, within brominated flame retardants, a year ago, we announced 2 consecutive price increases for HBCD amid a unique global supply disruption due to an explosion at a facility that produced CDDT, a key precursor. Since that time, HBCD pricing has come full circle, declining back to levels prior to our announced price increases. The impact of this decline in price on the quarter and year-over-year was in the range of around $15 million. The 8010-related price weakness is more modest, but reflects a continuation of competitive dynamics we expect to continue amid the current extended downturn in TV and PC enclosures-related demand. Within mineral flame retardants, we have not seen any improvement from Q1, as weak European construction and automotive market trends continue to restrain our performance. Finally, Stabilizers and Curatives revenue in segment income were essentially flat year-over-year, as weak curatives results offset growth in antioxidants, which continues to benefit from better volumes related to new customer wins, growing sales outside of China and an improved cost position in a key raw material. Finally, second quarter corporate results were negatively impacted by a reserve taken in the amount of $3.6 million pretax or $0.03 per share, in recognition of a misappropriation of Albemarle funds by a freight bill processing and payment services vendor that recently filed bankruptcy, amid allegations of fraud committed against their customers. The vendor was responsible for auditing Albemarle freight invoices to determine whether the invoices were accurate and in compliance with negotiated freight carrier agreements then paying the freight invoices on behalf of Albemarle using funds provided by us for that purpose. We have filed a lawsuit against the relevant principals and are also pursuing claims against the bank group entity. Now to highlight a few other P&L items for the year. U.S. GAAP reported SG&A expenses were $63 million during the quarter, up 2% year-over-year as a percentage of sales or slightly higher year-over-year at 10%, primarily related to favorable nonoperating pension costs last year. Excluding those nonoperating items, SG&A is actually down 10%, mainly due to lower incentive compensation and other personnel costs. R&D expenses were $22 million for the quarter, up 3% year-over-year, and up 35 basis points as a percentage of revenue to 3.4%. Second quarter free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations, adding back pension and post-retirement contributions and subtracting capital expenditures was $35 million, up $43 million year-over-year despite lower earnings levels driven by lower working capital and CapEx levels. Our year-to-date free cash flow was up 27%, driven by lower CapEx spending. CapEx was $48 million in the 2013 second quarter and year-to-date has been $103 million, down versus the first half of last year. For the full year, we still expect to spend approximately $175 million, a decline over 2012 spending. Net debt rose sequentially by over $500 million this quarter to $749 million, reflecting the impact of funding the accelerated share repurchase program. As a result, net debt to adjusted EBITDA ended the period at 1.2x, up from 0.4x last quarter and just above the leverage target of 1x adjusted EBITDA and excludes restructuring charges and nonoperating-related pension adjustments. Net working capital is $622 million end of the quarter, 8% higher than year end and at 24% as a percentage of sales is currently above our 20% target for the full year, mainly due to an increase in receivables and inventory levels that we expect to come down in the second half. Excluding nonoperating items, we expect our effective tax rate for the full year to be 22.6%. This is a 200 basis-point reduction from our expected full year rate at the end of the first quarter, driven primarily by the geographic diversity of our income and profitability. Our rate for this quarter was 20.6%, reflecting the need to catch up to the new full year rate. Finally, last quarter, we provided guidance relating to the impact of the significant depreciation of the Japanese yen, which averaged approximately JPY 98 to the dollar in Q2, down 22% year-over-year. This movement impacted the P&L during the second quarter from a translations standpoint by about -- by approximately $5 million or $0.05 per share and by $9 million or $0.08 per share year-to-date. Assuming yen exchange rates remain near current levels for the rest of the year, we can continue to project a full year negative pretax impact of around $22 million or $0.20 per share relative to our expectation heading into the year and estimate that a 1% change in the yen dollar exchange rate would impact earnings by approximately $0.01 per share. With that, I will turn the call back over to Luke to elaborate further on our outlook.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Scott. At this time, I want to take a minute to update you on the prospects for each business segment for the balance of the year. In Fine Chemistry, we're forecasting demand for clear brine fluids to remain strong for the balance of the year. We're encouraged that drilling in the Gulf of Mexico increased sequentially during the second quarter from 46 to 57 average rigs in use, and that the average international offshore rig count is up 6% year-to-date to 321 versus the full year average for 2012. In addition, we expect Fine Chemistry Services to show an increase in profitability in the second half, driven by a combination of new product launches and an increase in the demand forecasted by a number of our key customers. However, the overall step up in the second half profitability in Fine Chemistry Services is now lower than we expected at the time our last call. So while we expect sequential improvement in segment income for Fine Chemistry in each of the next 2 quarters, the increase in demand is not as strong as we previously expected. In Polymer Solutions, there have been no developments in terms of our order book or the leading indicators we monitor that would lead us to a more optimistic view than we shared on our last call. The most positive trend across our order book remains the continued improvement in our brominated polystyrene family of products, which corresponds with the Bishop's Report Connector Confidence Index. That index reached a 2-year high of 69.3 in June, and is up from its 2-year low of 35.1 reached last October, which tracks our increases in volumes in this segment. The most recent IPC book-to-bill ratio showed further improvement of 1.12 in May, the fifth straight month of sequential gains for that rigid printed wiring board indicator. However, absolute shipments remain at just 80% of 2010 volumes and are down year-over-year. The shipment index trend is more in sync with the underlying demand for tetrabrom, that we're observing than the direction of the book-to-bill ratio itself. The most recent forecast from GfK caused for lower full year shipments of TV sets in both developed and developing markets, with all of the growth coming from developing markets where flame retardant usage is typically low. On a positive note, the number of weeks of TV panel inventory declined sequentially during the quarter, but remains 3 to 4 weeks higher than historical averages, a level of excess last seen in early 2008. The ongoing decline in global demand for PCs continued in the quarter, declining 11% year-over-year, according to Gartner. This trend would appear to reflect some combination of an expansion in the duration of the PC replacement cycle and displacement of PCs by tablets. Finally, we've not seen improvement in the European commercial construction or wire and cable market, as both public and private investment for a new project remains at low levels with ongoing debt problems at many countries continuing to constrain spending, limiting the near-term growth prospects for HBCD and mineral flame retardants. Overall, our interpretation of the order book patterns and leading indicators suggest that Polymer Solutions segment income in the second half is likely to be similar to the first half levels, with the third quarter being somewhat higher than the fourth. Within Catalysts, the second half outlook for Refinery Catalysts solutions calls for fewer turnarounds of our FCC customers, driving better Heavy Oil Upgrading results. We have gotten word of new unit project startup delays that will push back certain large FCC orders from the fourth quarter to 2014. The second half also calls for a large number of Clean Fuels Technology customer wins. However, some CFT shipments scheduled for the second quarter slipped to third quarter, and even more third quarter orders are slipping to the fourth. It isn't a question of whether we get these orders. We've got them. But there is a question of when the customer will instruct us to ship the order. We are forecasting that CFT will be considerably more profitable in the fourth than the third quarter due to current expectations on the timing of these shipments. In short, in Refinery Catalysts Solution, it all comes down to the timing of shipments. It's the nature of this business. And I must caution you, that in both product groups, there is potential for further slippage. The timing of the shipments, while meaningful in the context of quarterly earnings, certainly doesn't impact the overall strength of our Refinery Catalyst franchise. Our second half expectations for Performance Catalyst Solutions have also declined, driven by weaker European polymer catalyst demand and competitive actions. We've responded accordingly to maintain our market leadership, but it yielded some on price and share at some key accounts in exchange for long-term commitments. Those actions are appropriate long term, but could have a negative short-term impact. Catalysts results for the rest of 2013 really depend on the timing of the CFT shipments for the rest of the year. Based on current information, Catalysts segment's income should be down year-over-year, with the fourth quarter expected to be substantially more profitable than the third. We currently expect total company results in the third quarter to be slightly higher than the second quarter, with the fourth quarter expected to be sequentially stronger. For the full year, we are now projecting EPS to decline in the range of 10% to 15% from 2012, including the impact of our share repurchase program. The critical factor comes down to the timing of catalyst shipments currently scheduled for December. In closing, we certainly have a number of headwinds to continue to manage in the near term, but we remain confident in the long-term fundamental trends driving our businesses and the underlying earnings and cash generation power of our company going forward. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Lorin for questions and answers.
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, we're ready to open the lines for Q&A. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Robert Koort from Goldman Sachs.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Luke, could you explain a little bit more and talk maybe if there's any precedent on this downgrading of your Chemical Catalysts customers? I would suspect, if times are lean, they would need to get the best deal and efficiency possible. So can you just give us a historical basis for these guys going to cheaper materials or cheaper catalysts?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. And that was specifically in Europe. So I think what the issue has been, as it seems to us, is that there hasn't been the demand for our customers' products in the markets which they're selling. So they're seeing a slowdown. So they don't need that efficiency, Bob, to get higher throughput and efficiencies in their production process. So they seem to be going to a -- at least in the second quarter, seem to be going to a lower performance catalyst. But we've already seen in July some of those orders picking up, so I think it will return to norm in due course.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I appreciate the update you gave us and the specificity around the guidance as well as your Vision 2015. Thinking about just the back of the envelope, though it would suggest to get to that low end that you said was still possible to share repurchase that you'd see 50% growth between '13 and '15. So I just want to make sure I did the math right, but it seems awfully sensational. So...
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, Bob, I hope that's the case. But I don't think you did the math right. What, if you'll look at what I'm trying -- the point I'm trying to make is, we've previously stated that we're going to try to maintain a level of roughly one-time net debt to EBITDA. Now if we were that -- that would assume you can buy back shares, $350 million, $400 million a year. My CFO's kind of shaking his head. But something kind of in that range, that doesn't prohibit us from the possibility of leveraging up further if we decide that's the right point. So I think that's what you got to look to. It's more the amount of leverage we would be willing to put on, on the business in order to acquire those shares. We'll still have fundamental underlying growth, but it's not going to be anywhere near the kind of number that you just drew out.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just to clarify, if I could, Luke. But you said if you were to lever up, maybe you could get to that, 6 75 low end?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, that's right.
Operator: We have another question for you, and this one is from P.J. Juvekar from Citi.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When you lowered expectations relating to your Vision 2015, which segment do you see the biggest shortfall? And you mentioned that your capacity was maybe 12 to 24 months earlier, are you referring to the catalyst plans or the bromine expansion or both?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. P.J., I think if I look from where we estimate it, if you go back and look, remember we talked about polymer margins being in the 30% range by that time. And where we are today, given the dynamics and what's going on with PCs and televisions, I have a hard time seeing us get to that kinds of margins given where we are today by 2015. So I think the one where we've got the biggest gap is on polymers, and particularly in that one area. When I talk about the being 12 to 24 months early, the bromine expansion, if you look at capacity today, we clearly didn't need that capacity for another 24 to 30 months. I mean, we could have gotten along with the capacity we had. So bromine was clearly early. And on Catalysts, it's a lull today. I don't know whether it's actually 12 months early or -- it's hard to tell, because you don't know what the economy is going to do. But it's clear that we don't need it today. So on both of those, we don't need them today, but in both of those instances, because of our market leadership position, we took the position that it was better to be early and be able to meet the demands of the market as opposed to being late and running the danger that someone else steps in and fills our shoes as the market leader. So that's the decision that we took.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And secondly, you talked about catalyst orders slipping. Is that mainly because of customer destocking? And I think you mentioned it's on polyolefins, but are you seeing that similarly in refinery customers as well?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes -- no. When I was talking about the order slipping, I was really referring to Refinery Catalysts. So it's not a destocking at all, it's just a matter of when they're going to turn around the unit and when do they want to make the purchase. Do they want to make it in this calendar year? Or do they want to make it in the next calendar year based on when they're going to do their turnaround, how they do their annual budgets and that. But it has nothing to do with destocking in that space.
Operator: Next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick question, Luke. Your guidance for the back half on earnings basis per account was very helpful. Could you just give a little bit more color as to the margin cadence Q3 to Q4 and then for the full year?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. What I'm going to do is I'll give that to Scott, and he can look at that on the specific margins. What I would say is, I think we're going to -- that the margins this year, you got to remember those additional costs that we've got coming through for the year. We have -- we've lost the – where [ph] are pass-throughs, that the impact of the metals pass-through as well as the startup costs that we've got, it'll be impacting margins year-over-year when you look at that. So I'd be mindful of those 2 specific incidents that we've got, it will impact those margins. At the end of the day, those margins remain strong, and I think that those are ultimately mid-20%, 30%, high 20%, 30% margins in that catalyst base going forward as we discussed in our Vision 2015. So, Scott?
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. So as you look at the second half, Catalysts, we'd expect the margins in the third quarter that are similar to what we had in the second, and we expect to have improving margins going into the fourth. So really tied into that volume that Luke talked about in terms of the sequencing in the second half, so.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then just another follow-up on Polymer Solutions, you brought up a good point in that we might be seeing the secular shift away from PCs towards tablets. Have you guys thought a little bit more about raising the content on other electronics platforms going forward? Do you see that particularly there?
Luther C. Kissam: Absolutely. What we've done is we've got a bromine task force. And that bromine task force is, the job, their sole job is to find, first of all, new applications for bromine in general. And if you look at the GBU, they've got -- the polymers GBU has a corresponding task force looking for ways that we can spread our applications in flame retardants into other areas, not only in electronics, but other areas where we don't participate today. So looking for that is bromine, as well as our Gemini product and phosphorus and mineral products as well. So a lot of work going over there, and we believe these markets are still strong. And we've got to find ways to get into other areas of markets where we don't play today, to expand our footprint.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin McCarthy from Bank of America.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: In the Catalysts business, I think you outlined a whole host of different issues, some of which appear to be transitory in the first half around metal surcharges, customer turnaround activities, some startup costs that you have, PCS in Europe, et cetera, creating a lot of noise here. And so I'm wondering if you could just go back up to a high level and maybe opine on how you would view the structural growth prospects in your key catalyst businesses, let’s say, over the next 3 years at the industry level or at the Albemarle level. How fast do you think these businesses are growing, which might be growing faster than others? If you can just kind of reset the bar, because I think it's difficult to disentangle a lot of these moving parts here.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Thanks, Kevin, I appreciate that question. I think -- I love the Catalysts business, first of all. I think it's a good solid performance-driven business that delivers high margins for us. If I look at the growth and I look over the next 2 to 3 years, we've been public about the wins that we've seen in our high oil upgradings, our fluid cracking catalysts. We believe that our technology is strong for what we're going to see in a lot of areas of the world, where they're going to have to maximize that propylene yield, and that had to resid. There's the shale gas. Everybody's talking about light sweet oil in the U.S. and that is certainly there, but in emerging regions of the world. They're not going to be able to crack naptha, so they're going to look to be maximizing that propylene yield to the maximum that they can in areas of the world, and we believe our technology there. So I feel really strongly about the growth of our FCC business 2014 and on into the future. We got that business, we got to keep it, and we plan on keeping it. But our technology should be the winning technology in the bulk of these new units coming online. If you look at our win rate on hydroprocessing catalysts, it's going quite well. We've not lost any share, we hadn't -- I wouldn't say we gained any share, but we're winning the winning units that we would expect to use based on our technology and our relationship with UOP there for the new units. As you know, we've done quite well with those new unit wins, so that's been a strong partnership. And I continue to see growth in those areas of the world, particularly as you see the sulfur specifications in the areas around the world getting tighter and tighter, and that doesn't even talk about bunker fuels and things like that with regard to ship carries and things. So I continue to see a tightness in those sulfur specifications driving the use of our Clean Fuels Technologies. And Brazil's going to bring those units online. It's just a matter of timing. And when they do, we'll be there with our partners, Petrobras, to have -- capture more than enough of their share of that growing market. So that business should continue to grow. On Performance Catalyst Solutions and organometallics, we are the market leader with the world's low-cost position. And we make good margins about those products. We've got customers that are -- we've got other competitors trying to come in and become the market leader. But we're there, and we're going to maintain our market leadership. And we're going to capture more than our fair share of growth in these markets. We've worked too hard to let it go away, and we're not. So I continue to see strong growth in our organometallics and are excited about the possibilities in LED. If you listen to companies such as Philips, who has the bulk of the fluorescent market today, they're talking about the amount of volume they're going to see in LEDs and moving to LED lights. So I feel like that LED market from lights and backlighting, it keeps moving a little bit, seems to be delaying a little bit, but it's going to come. There are too many people in the industry, too many companies in that lighting industry, who are making it their commitment to move to that line of lighting. So we're going to be set there with the largest, best cost position from the key intermediates that are going to allow us to go downstream in this LED market. So I feel good about the long-term prospective for growth in LED and our organometallics. So all in all, I love Catalysts, it's got great growth, got great legs in the long term.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Second question, if I may just on clear brine, Luke, I would've thought those volumes might have increased in 2Q with the new bromine salt capacity in Jordan. Why was that not the case? And perhaps you could comment on pricing trends for clear brine.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. If you look at pricing, what I would say is clear brines have held in there pretty fine. They haven't seen a whole lot of degradation in pricing in clear brines. It is what it is. On clear brines, it's not a matter generally of price, it's a matter of do you have the product in the area of the world where it needs to be, when they finished -- when they complete that well. So we hadn't seen a whole lot of price degradation there at all, it's been pretty solid around the globe. With regard to the volumes, they had a tough comp in the first quarter. It was the second-highest volume we'd ever had. And remember, Kevin, while we brought the JBC online and commissioned it in the second quarter, we didn't see any commercial production held from that in the second quarter at all. So I would think, to conclude the rest of the year, we're going to see similar volumes that we've seen to the first half, which would be a record year for clear brine fluids. So I feel like that business is in good hands.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Sheehan from SunTrust.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just wondering if the macro situation doesn't pick up any in 2014, what actions do you think you can do to generate greater top line growth? Or is there any specific -- company-specific leverage you can pull to increase the outlook for 2014?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think if you're looking at that, I would not -- you should not expect that you're going to see another plan C like we went through in 2009. We are going to be committed to bromine task force. We're going to be committed to innovation and in intimacy with our customers to grow new products. That's going to be our focus. There are levers that we can certainly pull. There are opportunities for us from a cost standpoint, from a collaboration standpoint, from a partnering standpoint that would give us more leverage across our spend and across our revenue. I'm not quite sure that we could increase the revenue because of that, but we certainly would work to maximize our bottom line.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And a longer-term question on your mercury sorbents business, could you just update us on your expectations for the timing of EPA Mercury removal rules? And how much of a market share of that business do you expect to pick up?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. On the mercury removal, I haven't seen any change from the EPA. I know there are some lawsuits, but our current expectation is that it's still a 2015 type of area in the U.S. for that registration. So I would expect that we would -- you would see some increased bromine use for that. I’d keep in mind that the Mercury removal, if you go to the EPA regulations, and you really need the 95%, that's really an activated carbon play. There's not as much bromine. I mean, the bromine put on that is insignificant compared to that as any carbon. So to have the material share of that, we're going to have to have a more reliable domestic source of activated carbon, and we've got -- we're working on that today. But absent being able to get a meaningful and reliable domestic source of activated carbon, our share in that market will be minimal.
Operator: We have another question for you, and this one's from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Could you -- if we think about Catalysts, and we think about last year, there was some order deferral into '13. And now it seems like there's going to be some order deferral into '14, which you speak with confidence about the orders, and it's just a question of timing of shipments. Is there a way you can sort of frame that in terms of talking about your backlog of orders? And help us understand how much of the deferral out of '13 was realized in the -- I'm sorry, deferral out of '12 was realized in the first half of '13? And is there sort of a run rate of sort of a deferral time period? And where is your total backlog today versus maybe the second quarter, again, the second quarter a year ago?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, that's -- it mainly, all that mainly is in clear fields technologies, okay? So when you've got -- our specific situation in the FCC that I talked about is there's a new unit coming online, and that construction is being delayed, I mean, their startup is being delayed. So sometimes you have those where you have construction being delayed. They tell you a date, you got to be ready to have the -- you got to be ready to have it there, the FCC catalyst there, so it can operate when it cranks up. If you really look at HPC catalysts, if you look at last year -- let's use last year as an example. In 2012, we moved roughly 22,000 metric tons of HPC catalysts. First quarter was about 6,500. Second quarter was, if my numbers are right, about 3,700. Third quarter, about 4,600. And the fourth quarter it was about 7,300. So it's a lumpy business. And what we've seemed to see over the course of the last few years is you've seen a heavier first and a heavier fourth quarter and then a weaker middle, and that's consistent whether you're going to see the turnaround. So you see turnarounds mostly in the first quarter because they want to be up and ready for the driving season that starts in the middle of the year. What I can't tell you is I don't know how much of that high first quarter is being pushed from the fourth quarter and how much of the fourth quarter is in anticipation of that first quarter. I just don't have data to do that. And we're not -- it's not backordered like you'd think about as if I was an engineer or in a construction company. So what we have to do is, when they tell us that they need their order, when we first go to produce that product, we got to have it ready at the earliest time when they say they may need it. Because if we don't have it ready when they say they need it, they're going to go somewhere else and get it. And you can do that once, but you can't do it twice. So we can't risk that, so we got to have the catalyst ready. And then we're kind of up to their desires about when they actually want to take it, and that's based on their budgets and a lot of other items. So I didn't really -- I don't know if -- that's about as good an answer as I can give you, Vincent. I wish I could do better, but that's where we are.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's very helpful. And Scott, if I could just ask you to elaborate a little bit on the working capital, and you said it was largely related to receivable. And you said there were some actions you're going to take in the second half that were going to help bring that down. So is there anything -- any more detail there? And just is there anything on your operating rate going into the second half that we should know about?
Scott A. Tozier: I don't think so. On the inventory side of things, we had built some inventory in anticipation of these HPC orders that we've been talking about. And so as those get shipped, those -- that inventory will come down. So that's a big driver. The fourth quarter is where a lot of that comes out. The operating rates within Polymer Solutions, the inventory rates of Polymer Solutions are very healthy in terms of inventory. The operating rates are holding steady with what they've been in the last couple of quarters, and so we feel pretty good about that. And then I think on the receivables side, it's really just a natural effect of collections coming through as we continue to drive to collect that cash that's built up in the first half.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And so you’ll expect working capital to be largely flat year-over-year? By the end of the year? Or are like...
Lorin Crenshaw: That's my expectation. That's what we're pushing for. We'll see how well we do to get there.
Operator: We have another question for you, and it's from Laurence Alexander and he's from Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So couple of questions. First, can you sort of give a little bit of extra clarity around what you see being pushed from this year into next year that you are reasonably sure will be an incremental tailwind for next year? I mean, just in terms of gives and takes. And also, can you address the longer-term expectations around Fine Chemicals and Catalysts in terms of margins?
Luther C. Kissam: Sure. On the orders and what pushed and might be tailwind for next year, I'm not -- we're not trying to push anything into next year. I don't -- that's not how we're going to run our business. When the customer wants it, that's when we're going to get it to them. So I don't -- right now, we're expecting everything that they told us they're going to want in the fourth quarter is going to go in the fourth quarter. And if it doesn't, if it slides in the first, then it'll slide to first. But we're not going to try to push anything to get a tailwind. So, Laurence, there isn't really anything. I can't give you -- if one order moves, it might be $1 million. If another order moves, it might be $8 million. So I can't -- without knowing exactly what's going to move and what might not, I can't give you a good answer on that, okay? With regard to margins, I still believe that Fine Chemistry is a 20%, low 20% to mid-20% margin product if we get the right custom services contracts in there. And we've done that in the past, and I think that's where the sweet spot's going to land for Fine Chemistry. On Catalysts, there's not a reason in the world once we get some of these onetime year-over-year matters behind us, there's not a reason in the world I can't be a mid-20% to 30% margin business. We've done it in the past and we certainly expect that kind of profitability going forward.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And I guess, just as a follow-up. In terms of what would you expect to see -- or what would you need to see in your external markets to bring the CapEx down closer to D&A?
Luther C. Kissam: What would I see? I'd be able to see a -- where, I don't see where I have a demand for new products. We've got 1 or 2 projects out there right now that we've actually have held up on, seeing what's going to happen with demand. Now, what's going to happen? And if we continue to see the kind of market demand in our key segments that we're seeing today, I think next year you'll see us closer to that level.
Operator: We have another question for you, and this one's from Mike Ritzenthaler and he's from Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a quick nuance on Catalysts in the back half as you see things now, and we appreciate the timing risk on things like that. But as it sits, refining asset utilization looks a bit better year-over-year. So in 3Q, what's the relative contribution of improved volumes based on those increasing asset utilizations versus that mix that you highlighted?
Luther C. Kissam: You're talking about from our increased utilizations?
Scott A. Tozier: No, no, from refinery.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes, the industry asset utilization improving.
Luther C. Kissam: Mike, I can't give you a good answer on that one. I'll have to get the data and get back with you. I only know what we are scheduling to ship from our customers. And what we're seeing is stronger FCC sales building during the fourth. We'll see a volume increase in FCC over the second half. And the way it's set up now in HPC, if the orders go as expected, the second quarter will be strong and the fourth quarter could be a new record.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes. Okay, that makes sense, I guess. And then on the Vision 2015, and following up on a couple of previous questions, the bromine task force -- is the thought that perhaps the adjacencies won't be able to fill in the TV and PC gap, is that a fair way to look at it? I mean, we're looking at the food safety, the bromobutyl rubbers and the different things that you've talked about before plus all the things that were kind of being worked on in the skunkworks?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. If you look at all that, it's going to be a tough order to fill. We’re not -- what we're trying to do is this, if you really look at where we are today, we're a catalyst and bromine company. And we've got to have a focus on growing the pie, not the share, but growing the pie in bromine, okay? And new -- if you look at who's got capacity around the world, new uses of bromine benefit us more than anybody else in the industry. So we've got to have a dedicated focus to driving new applications for bromine, and that's what -- we've initiated that. And it's too early right now to give you any indication about what areas we may be looking at, what the opportunity costs or all that there. But we've got metrics, we've got milestones and we've got a list of credible opportunities for us to go after in that regard.
Operator: We have another question for you. This one's from Mike Sison from Keybank.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Luke, when I think about your portfolio of businesses, I agree that the economy's sluggish this year. But when you think about the earnings decline, you're going to show us, particularly, if you exclude the stock buyback, it sort of mirrors the decline that you saw in '09, yet you would think that -- I don't think the economy is as bad as in '09. So are you a little surprised in terms of the -- your outlook for earnings this year? And maybe just walk us through how much of the decline is, let's say, economic-related, some of the pushouts and maybe self-inflicted in the sense that you've got these costs coming in. Because I would've thought this portfolio of businesses could have performed a little bit better.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Well, you got to look at the comparisons, first of all. So if you look at Catalysts, we got 2 things. We got about $40 million or $50 million hitting it year-over-year between the startup costs, the volume absorption loss and the rare earth pass through. So that’s $50 million a pop right there. And how much of that is self-inflicted, how much of that is market? I can't tell you. We've been operating in polymers. If you look at electronics, we've really been in a trough since 2011. So in 2009, what happened is the world ended. Nobody took any volume. It didn't matter what price you offered, because nobody was taking it. We've been now in a trough for probably 18 months, 18 to 24 months, if you really look at it, because there was some false demand in 2011 in the first half.
Scott A. Tozier: And '12.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, and the beginning of '12. So if you look at that, we've really been in a trough. So people get antsy in a trough and try to start biting off a little bit here, and we were having to protect it. So we lost some price, Mike, on that one. So is that economic or is that competitive? I don't know. So I think that even in this downturn, you got to remember, we've got 22% EBITDA margins, okay? Now we want to do better. But in the economy that we're working in with those kind of headwinds, and you're right, some of them were self-inflicted because we invested early, intentionally did it. 22% EBITDA margins under those conditions still shows you a strong business. It's going to throw off great cash flow.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then given the balance sheet, what are your thoughts on maybe growing via acquisition? It's tough to grow organically, clearly, in this environment. Are there opportunities either to continue to build upon your businesses, or would you even consider something new, maybe a fourth leg or something to that degree?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I don't feel the need to do an acquisition for the sake of doing an acquisition. I think that our strategy is sound, and I think that we've got the opportunities in all these businesses to continue to grow. But we're certainly in the market looking at acquisitions. I mean, there's one, particularly in the Catalysts area. Dow's got a UNIPOL business that's up for sale. Well, certainly, I'd be looking at that business. And because it's right in our sweet spot from a catalysis standpoint, as I'm sure will a lot of other catalyst companies. So we're looking, we got a strong balance sheet. We've demonstrated in the past the ability to lever up both for acquisitions, as well as to return capital to shareholders. And we'll continue to balance that act and do both.
Operator: I'd now like to turn the call over to Lorin for closing remarks.
Lorin Crenshaw: Well, we appreciate everyone's time and interest in the company and would encourage you to call with any further questions. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining. And enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Lorin Crenshaw - Director of Investor Relations & Communications Luther C. Kissam - Chief Executive Officer and Director Scott A. Tozier - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Chief Risk Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Benjamin J. Kallo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2013 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Darcel, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Lorin Crenshaw, Director of Investor Relations and Communications. Please proceed.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Darcel, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all nonoperating or special items, and reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Lorin, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate the opportunity to share our first quarter results with you today. I'll begin by commenting on the company's results for the quarter. Scott will review selected highlights related to business segment performance and financial results, and I'll end by providing perspective on our outlook for the future. As usual, at the end of our prepared remarks, we'll open it up for your questions. As I indicated on our January call, we expected the year to get off to a slower start with the first quarter being sequentially weaker than the fourth quarter of 2012. With the exception of some currency headwinds that Scott will discuss in more detail in a minute, the results that we are reporting today are in line with our expectations. First quarter net income was $83 million or $0.93 per share on net sales of $642 million. As expected, both were down year-over-year and versus the prior quarter. EBITDA was $139 million, and profitability, as measured by EBITDA margins, was 22%. Each of our segments performed largely as expected as well. Scott will go into more details shortly about each segment. But at a high level, Catalysts results were impacted by cost headwinds related to starting up our new facilities, FCC customer turnarounds and HPC mix and, from a year-over-year basis, accounting related to rare earth surcharges. While there is certainly a short-term negative financial impact due to the startups, the long-term benefits of these projects are well worth the short-term pain. In Fine Chemistry, as expected, clear brine volumes continue to be strong this quarter, and custom services was weaker due to lower volume requirements and project delays at our customers. Favorable deepwater drilling dynamics in the Gulf of Mexico, as well as the Middle East and Asia, are forecasted to continue. And our production base in Magnolia and Jordan gives us a unique competitive advantage in servicing all of these geographic markets. In Polymer Solutions, we saw the expected uptick in profitability sequentially, driven largely by slightly higher brominated flame retardant volumes and operating rates. Albemarle has always sought to deliver shareholder value and demonstrate a strong commitment to returning capital to shareholders. During the quarter, our board announced a 20% increase in the quarterly dividend and approved the tripling of the shares we are authorized to repurchase. We also announced our intention to repurchase approximately 10% of our shares, funded through a combination of available cash, ongoing free cash flow and, possibly, debt. This reflects our confidence that the strength of our balance sheet and ongoing cash-generating capability provides sufficient capacity to fund organic growth, pursue appropriate acquisitions and accelerate the distribution of cash to our shareholders in a manner that is sustainable for the future. Now let me update you on our major capital projects. As we announced earlier, Jordan Bromine Company, our joint venture located on the Dead Sea, successfully commissioned the first phase of its expansion project, doubling the size production capacity of bromine. The second phase of the expansion will double the production capacity of HBr and clear completion fluids and is on schedule for commissioning in the second quarter. This expansion positions us well to gain more than our fair share of the growth in the end market served by these products, further strengthens our position as the world's low-cost bromine producer and balances our bromine production capabilities nicely from a geographic perspective. From a stewardship perspective, I'm also proud of the innovation displayed by our employees dedicated to this project. That team has been able to double our bromine capacity while only increasing our water consumption by 8% at full production rates. The goal is to double capacity while actually reducing our water requirements. And while we're not there quite yet, I have confidence in our ability to do so. This innovative and sustainable approach to our operations reduces our costs and our overall environmental footprint in Jordan, which suffers from a lack of readily available freshwater resources. Turning to Catalysts. I'm happy to report that we have produced our first batch of on-spec TEA at our unit in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, which is owned by our joint venture with SABIC. This is an important milestone for this site, which positions us as the market leader in the Middle East polyolefins market. As we have previously stated, this joint venture will be a headwind in 2013 since its baseload volume is largely coming from what has historically been Albemarle volume. However, it's the right strategic move to have this joint venture in the Middle East in collaboration with the world's largest consumer of TEA, and we feel great about the progress we are making, long-term returns on capital and strategic benefits that this venture will yield. Meanwhile, our Yeosu site in South Korea is currently in the middle of a very successful start-up as well. Our lab and commercial development assets there have allowed us to rapidly develop qualification volumes and to work closely with our customers to develop unique catalytic solutions to meet their needs more rapidly than we ever could have done without this site. The fact that our test unit is booked for months in advance speaks well of the business potential of this site. The first half of 2013 will continue to see us principally engaged in qualification runs with little revenue from full-scale commercial operations until the latter part of the year due to the amount of time needed for qualifications, resulting in a drag on earnings. As commercialization occurs, however, the drag will diminish towards year end, and we're excited about this strategic asset becoming a critical tool to solidify our position as a global leader in metallocene catalyst. Finally, the Korean expansion we announced last August, in support of our PureGrowth family of high purity metal organics for use in the LED market, is on track for a fourth quarter start-up. New LED technologies continue to be introduced at progressively lower selling prices in both residential and commercial applications. These technologies are expected to drive double-digit annual growth of LEDs for the foreseeable future. The assets we are establishing and our backwards integration into key precursors will allow us to participate in this growth at a very competitive cost position. I'd like to give you our perspective on 2 developments that have been the subject of a number of questions we've received, the implications of the increase in tight oil in the U.S. and the EPA's recent proposal to reduce U.S. gasoline sulfur levels to 10 parts per million by 2017. The tight oil resulting from the U.S. shale boom is generally a lighter, sweeter crude, and we are working closely with our customers to understand their developing needs associated with this crude slate. The net impact of this dynamic has been neutral thus far, with somewhat higher demand for fluid cracking and hydrotreating catalyst. This may seem counterintuitive, given the relatively light nature of tight oil. However, the boost in volumes reflect the current reality that many customer's infrastructure is geared toward processing a particular blend of crudes, which limits the degrees of freedom within which to depart from the optimal crude diet for a particular unit. As a result, to optimize profitability and take advantage of the cheaper source of light sweet crude from shale fields, we're seeing refineries blend tight oil with higher amounts of heavier crude to minimize their crude costs, which, in some instances, actually requires the use of more FCC catalysts. There are some who believe that tight oil could result in the extension of the life cycle of hydrotreating catalysts, which would delay change-outs, but we have not seen that as of yet. How the pricing of the various crude slates evolve, combined with the design, output and economic of each refinery, may result in different dynamics over time in the U.S. We are monitoring this trend closely and working with our customers to focus a portion of our R&D spending on the development of more effective solutions for this lighter, sweeter crude. It is worth noting that, globally, our FCC catalysts continue to be the technology of choice for processing the heavier resid feed that many of the units in India, the Middle East and Southeast Asia use as feedstock. Over the next 5 to 10 years, a disproportionate percentage of the growth in demand for refinery catalysts is projected to occur in developing regions, such as the Middle East, Latin America and Asia, where sulfur levels and transportation fuels are higher than in the U.S. and Western Europe, but are projected to decline fairly dramatically. However, the EPA's recent proposal to reduce the amount of sulfur in U.S. gasoline to an average of 10 parts per million from the current standard of 30 makes it clear that even in developed markets like the U.S., there remain attractive growth opportunities as the secular drive toward cleaner air continues to play out. Again, our sweet spot globally is in developing technologies that allow for upgrading crude with heavy sulfur content. Therefore, we are well positioned to provide competitive solutions with a wide range of high-performing hydrotreating and FCC catalyst technologies to allow refiners to meet the regulatory challenge in the U.S. and around the world. I spoke earlier about our water conservation efforts in Jordan. It's that sort of focus on sustainability, which led Corporate Responsibility Magazine to name us one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens for 2013. We've been named this prestigiously several times over the years, which is widely accepted as the world's most respected corporate responsibility ranking and one of the top 3 most important business rankings in the United States. This honor not only recognizes the company as a positive force and responsible citizen in the communities where we operate, but it is also proof of our 4,000-plus employees' commitment to providing industry-leading products while also remaining selflessly committed to improving the communities in which we live, work and raise our families. Great job by our employees in doing it the right way. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. Tozier: Thanks, Luke. I'm going to start with a review of our business segments, and then turn to the details on our P&L and cash flow. Before I get started, you should be aware that the division within Catalysts formerly known as Refinery Catalysts is now called Refinery Catalyst Solutions, and it will consist of a newly named Heavy Oil Upgrading division, which includes the FCC catalysts, and the Clean Fuels Technologies division comprised of HPC catalysts. In the quarter, Catalysts reported net sales of $236 million, down 20% year-over-year, and segment income of $57 million, down 32% year-over-year, on segment margins of 24%. Just under half of the decline in sales relates to the impact of metal surcharges, including rare earths, on the Heavy Oil Upgrading or FCC business. Excluding the impact of rare earths, Heavy Oil Upgrading sales and operating profits were down 8% and 3%, respectively, on marginally higher volumes. Heavy customer turnarounds were the main cause of a less favorable mix, which contributed to the decline in sales and profits. We continue to expect turnarounds amounting to the order of 6,000 metric tons of product offline through the next quarter to continue to impact results here. Clean Fuel Technologies or HPC revenue was down 19%, and operating profits were 26% lower on 12% lower volumes, principally driven by less favorable product mix, given the large number of first fills in 2012, and higher sales of specialty products that occurred in the first quarter of 2012. Finally, Performance Catalyst Solutions revenue was down 6% on lower volumes, and operating profits were down 38% year-over-year, most of which was attributable to the impact of start-up costs related to the new facilities coming online. Excluding the impact of these costs, which we still expect to amount to a full year drag of $20 million to $25 million, profits were slightly down year-over-year as customer operating rates remain relatively stable with the exception of pockets of weakness in Europe. Sequentially, Catalysts net sales were down 20%, and segment income was down 28%. 2/3 of this drop came from Clean Fuels, where volume variances from the fourth quarter, mixed effects from higher levels of specialty product sales and first fills in Q4 that were not repeated in Q1 drove profit levels down. In addition, overall volume was down 13% on order timing. Heavy Oil volumes were down 7%, nearly all of which was attributable to a higher number of customers with turnarounds in the quarter versus last quarter. And finally, PCS saw its profitability drop due to the start-up costs from Yeosu, Korea and a small amount of volume reduction caused by slower customer orders from Europe. Polymer Solutions reported first quarter net sales of $215 million, down 6% year-over-year, and segment income of $45 million, down 18%. Importantly, on a sequential basis, revenue was up 6% and segment income was up 25%. The largest contributor to the sequential improvement was at our brominated flame retardant plants where our higher utilization rates drove improved fixed cost absorption without resulting in a rise in inventory levels. Demand trends improved sequentially as brominated flame retardant sales, volumes and profits all rose in the range of 5% and 10%, sequentially. The connectors market experienced an improved tone that appears to be carrying over into the second quarter while HBCD, which is construction driven, and 8010, which is TV and PC enclosure driven, each remained relatively weak and also experienced varying degrees of pricing pressure. Tetrabrom and printed wiring board market dynamics were somewhat better than construction and enclosures, showing sequential improvement. And finally, mineral flame retardant financial results continue to reflect very weak European construction and automotive end markets. Our stabilizers and curatives portfolio had a good quarter with revenue and operating profit up significantly year-over-year, driven mostly by antioxidants, which continues to benefit from better volumes related to new customer wins, growing sales outside of China and an improved cost position in a key raw material. We also saw better operating rates at our factories in this business. Fine Chemistry reported first quarter net sales of $191 million, up 1% versus the prior year, and segment income of $31 million, down 24% year-over-year. The year-over-year profit decline was mainly driven by the absence of several high-margin Fine Chemistry Services contracts delivered in the year-ago period. We were very pleased with the continued strong industrial bromides results, which established new revenue and operating profit records. Specifically, global deepwater drilling climate remains very robust with healthy rig counts driving all-time second highest levels of clear completion fluids volumes and operating profits, with volumes doubling year-over-year but down slightly sequentially from the record fourth quarter pace. Now to highlight a few other P&L items for the year and the quarter. SG&A expenses were $65 million during the quarter, down 13% year-over-year, principally driven by lower commissions and performance incentive compensation. As a percentage of sales, it is in line with year-ago levels at 10%. R&D expenses were $20 million for the quarter, up 5% year-over-year and up 40 basis points as a percentage of revenue to 3.1%. First quarter free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations adding back pension and postretirement contributions and subtracting capital expenditures, was $46 million, down $26 million year-over-year due mainly to lower earning levels. CapEx was $55 million, in line with the year-ago period, and, for the full year, is still expected to decline to somewhere between $150 million to $175 million. Overall, our balance sheet remains strong with net debt of $246 million, excluding non-guaranteed JV debt, up $31 million year-over-year, while net debt to EBITDA ended the period at 0.5x. Net debt is up primarily due to our share repurchases during the quarter, reflecting a good start with regard to our buyback program, under which we repurchased 1 million shares during the quarter. Net working capital of $567 million ended the quarter roughly in line with year end as a percentage of sales at 21%, slightly above our 20% target for the full year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 24.6%, down 140 basis points year-over-year, driven primarily by the geographic diversity of our income and profitability. At this time, we expect our full year rate to remain at that 24.6%. Finally, as we all know, the Japanese yen depreciated significantly in the quarter against the U.S. dollar, averaging JPY 89 to the $1 for the quarter, down 14% year-over-year from JPY 78 and down 12% versus the fourth quarter of last year. This impacted the P&L, from a translation standpoint, by about $3 million or $0.03 per share. From a transaction standpoint, we also had a net loss of $4 million during the quarter reported in other income and expense or approximately $0.03 per share, which was mostly related to the volatility in the euro and the yen. This totals to a $6 million to $7 million headwind in the quarter from foreign exchange. Assuming the current yen exchange rates persists for the balance of the year, we project a full year negative pretax impact of around $17 million to $22 million or $0.13 to $0.18 per share, relative to our expectations heading into the year. We estimate that a 1% change in the yen-dollar exchange rate would impact earnings by approximately $0.01 per share. With that, I will turn the call back over to Luke to elaborate further on our outlook.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Scott. As I look back at the first quarter, our operating results, absent the currency and hedging impacts Scott outlined, were right in line with our expectations, and we achieved key production milestones at each of our major capital projects. The long-run trends impacting our businesses continue to play out as expected. We continue to believe that 2013 will be a year during which we continue building a stronger foundation for sustainable long-term growth. Looking forward in 2013, we still expect increased profitability in the second half of the year for the reasons we outlined in January, but the increase may not be as robust as we originally expected. I want to take a minute to update you on the prospects of each of our segments, starting with Fine Chemistry. Nothing much has changed. Demand in overall backdrop for industrial bromides is expected to remain strong, which bodes well for our Performance Chemicals division. Drilling in the Gulf of Mexico increased during the first quarter from 47 to 50 average rigs in use, and the average international offshore rig count year-to-date is up 4% to 315 versus the full year average for 2012. The start-up of our clear completion fluid expansion at Jordan Bromine Company, which is coming online in the second quarter, will allow us to meet this increasing demand. Custom services continues to expenses -- excuse me, custom services continues to experience lower forecast from some of its larger customers, and we'll need to replace a number of expired and expiring contracts. Our product pipeline gives us confidence that we'll be able to do so, but there will be a short-term dip in profitability through the first half of 2013. Overall, I'd expect to see slight sequential improvement in the second quarter in this GBU. Within Catalysts, our outlook for Refinery Catalyst Solutions has not changed materially for the year. We're still monitoring the timing of our customers' turnarounds and startups, and there's always a danger that some volume slides into 2014. In Performance Catalyst Solutions, trends around LED adoption had been healthy year-to-date. Specifically, we're seeing increased customer qualifications, purchase commitments and operating rates among many prospective customers ahead of a number of either government-mandated gradual phaseouts or outright bans of incandescent bulbs projected to occur over the next 12 to 18 months in a number of countries in North America, Western Europe and Asia. These trends give us confidence in our PureGrowth expansion at our Yeosu site. However, we are seeing some downward pressure on pricing amid the current industry inventory overhang. We're also seeing some new market entrants in other areas that are causing limited marketed disruptions for some other parts of our portfolio. I would expect our second quarter results in this GBU to be in line with what we saw in the first. In Polymers, we did see a recent uptick in the connectors' confidence indicator to the mid-60s and a corresponding improvement in our brominated polystyrene business. From a printed wiring board perspective, the most recent rigid IPC book-to-bill ratio is at 1.07. Although the book-to-bill ratio is now above one for the first time since August of last year, it has risen despite absolute wire board shipments remaining on a downward trend and leveling out at only 80% of 2010 levels, meaning the book to bill is off a lower overall base level. Our tetrabrom order book was up sequentially and would appear to be similar in the second quarter. With respect to the health of the global TV and PC markets, the most recent forecast from GfK calls for a reduction in global TV panel inventory levels at retail and set makers in the second quarter, but for them to remain at historically high levels last seen in 2008 and mid-2010. The anticipated decline is mainly based on developing market sales, where fire safety standards are not as prevalent, while sales in developed markets are projected to remain flat. From a PC perspective, Gartner recently reported a steep first quarter decline in global PC shipments, down 11%, and revived their 2013 growth outlook to negative 8%, reflecting what appears to be a major extension in the duration of the PC replacement cycle at both commercial and retail levels. Both of these data points are consistent with the downward pressure we've seen in our brominated flame retardants that service these markets. Finally, year-to-date, we've not seen any improvement in the European's construction or wire and cable market. All of these data suggest that segment income in the second quarter is likely to be down sequentially, certainly weaker than we anticipated at the beginning of the year when we expected the second quarter to be stronger than the first in Polymers. For the full year, whereas in January, our view was that Polymers income would likely be flat to slightly higher in 2013, given what we're seeing today, our current thinking is that Polymers will likely be down year-over-year, absent a major positive inflection in the electronics demand at some point over the next 3 to 6 months. So overall, we expect second quarter to look very similar to the first quarter with Polymers being weaker, Fine Chemistry being a little stronger and Catalysts being essentially flat. From an annual guidance standpoint, in January, we forecasted year-over-year earnings growth in the 0% to 6% range. The weaker yen and our current assumptions regarding the average U.S. dollar-to-yen exchange rate for 2013 created a headwind of approximately $17 million to $20 million. That change alone modifies our annual earnings growth expectation to a range of negative 4% to up 3%. Given that headwind and a weakened second quarter than we originally forecasted, mainly in Polymers, today it appears we'd likely be at the low end of that range, excluding any impact of our buyback program. In closing, we entered 2013 convinced of our strategy and confident of our ability to execute against our strategic objectives. We knew we had to deal with a few headwinds in the near term as some of our major investments came online and we experienced a few unique short-term challenges. Yet even in this down quarter, we delivered 22% EBITDA margins and excellent cash flow and remain confident in the long-term fundamentals driving our businesses, our strengthening competitive position resulting from our recent investments and in the underlying earnings power of our business going forward. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Lorin for questions and answers.
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, we're ready to open the lines for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Please proceed.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Solutions business, you mentioned varying degrees of price weakness and maybe gave a demand outlook that wasn't all that robust. So I'm trying to get a sense within those product lines, how much weakness was there and what's the prospect for that continuing?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Bob, we could only hear the second half of your question for some reason. Could you repeat it please? I'm sorry.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. Just in the comments on your slide deck, you talked about varying degrees of price weakness across Polymer Solutions. So I was wondering if you could be a little more granular on that and, again, the prospect for that continuing into the second quarter, given the somewhat somber demand trends you talked about.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. If you look at that from a pricing standpoint, where we really saw some weaknesses, tetrabrom held in there pretty good. If you looked at our brominated polystyrenes, it -- pricing held up fine. It was really more a mix issue. Where we saw the pricing was -- pricing pressure was really in our enclosure markets, where we use the brominated flame retardants there, as well as in construction with the HBCD, and then we saw minerals have some pressure in Europe because of a weaker construction market.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And on the Fine Chemistry side, I think you mentioned there that there were some pricing on hydrobromide and elemental bromine in China and India. I guess the metric -- your price was down 4%. I didn't -- I guess I didn't realize that those markets were that big for you. So could you help us figure out what's caused the weakness across that division?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think as a general rule -- I mean, if you look at Performance Chemicals -- and it really had a good quarter, so it wasn't in the big completion fluids market. What we saw is whenever you see electronic demand starting to get weaker in the bromine in China, when they bring it out of China at a lower cost and export it, it usually goes to Southeast Asia and India and it usually comes out in the form of HBr and a little bit of elemental bromine. So when we see weakness on electronics, we generally see that. It hasn't accelerated any from what we saw at the end of last year. It's still roughly about the same from a basis sequentially. So -- and it's actually starting to strengthen a little bit toward the end of the quarter. So I think it's a phenomenon related to the bromine coming out of China that's not being used for the electronics market there, and that's why they take it, generally, into India and Southeast Asia. So it's been consistent to what we've seen over 2 quarters, and we've seen it strengthen a little bit here at the end of the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You talked about new entrants in the Refinery Catalyst markets or on your Catalyst markets, generally. Can you expand on those comments?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It wasn't in Refinery Catalyst. If I said that I apologize. It was really more in the Polymer -- in the polyolefin catalysts and the Polymer Catalyst Solutions there. We've seen some new entrants, Sasol and companies like that, from a TEA perspective and other companies trying to follow the same strategy that we followed, how do you take what they have and move further downstream. It hadn't caused a huge disruption, but it's one we're certainly watching to make sure that from our cost perspective and from our capacity as being the market leader, we're sure we understand what's going on there to ensure that is not a lot of disruption there and we -- and that we manage it appropriately.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, you bought back 1 million shares in the quarter. And I was puzzled as to why you bought back any, in the sense that it's pretty clear that your first half business dynamics are relatively weak. And so I was wondering, why wouldn't you wait until you report your weak earnings quarters and then repurchase shares? Why would you buy them in advance of reporting weak earnings?
Luther C. Kissam: Jeff, that's a great [indiscernible] quite frankly that there's people -- a number of people who say, "Luke, why go back [ph]? If you've got confidence in your stock, why didn't you buy back earlier?" The approach that we've taken, rightly or wrongly, is the approach that we're going to dollar cost averaging. And so we believe we cannot time the market. You've got our performance, but you've also got performance of the stock market in general, what's going to happen in North Korea, what's going to happen in Europe. So there's a whole lot of facets out there that we can't control. We're in the business of making specialty chemicals not in time in market. So we've made a decision that we're going to do dollar cost averaging whenever we buy the stock back, and that's why we did it this way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Could we talk a bit about, within Fine Chemistry, the discussion around custom services? And it sounds like there are some customers transitioning out, and that led to part of the sequential decline in margins. But then you talked about confidence that you're going to be able to replace those as we move through the year. Can you just help us understand the dynamics of sort of who's going in the door and who's coming out the door?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I don't want to get into specifics of the exact customers, obviously, for confidentiality reasons, but I can tell you there's 2 dynamics really going on there. One is the volume from existing customers. Many customers, in some instances, maybe bought more last year than they needed for what the demand that they actually saw versus what they expected. So we're seeing some existing customers not taking the type of volume they took last year but expect -- and have told us they expect to see that ramp up over the second half of the year. And additionally, we've got some contracts that are ending, Amyris being one of them, that is -- that we won't have. So we've got to replace those. And when you have a -- the larger contracts like that, sometimes there's a gap. And what we're in right now is a gap between those expiring contracts and when the new ones are coming online. And we're also seeing something from a timing of when some of our other customers need shipments, whether it's the first quarter or the third quarter. So it's a combination of things. I'd love to be able to focus and tell you exactly what it is. What I'd tell you is this, our pipeline is as robust as it's ever been, and I'm confident that over the long term, custom services will get back to delivering the type of revenue and profit that we've enjoyed over the last 12 to 18 months.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then separately, looking in your prepared comments, you've sort of addressed the tight oil or the light slates issue. And one of the comments you made was that, so far, you haven't seen any sort -- you haven't seen enough evidence to conclude that the tight oil is going to equal a shorter life cycle or longer life cycle for the catalyst. What -- when do you think you're going to be able to definitively say that that's not the case?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It so much depends on -- it's an individual, really, refinery unit. So it's -- we're going to have to wait and see over the next cycle and know which ones are really using tight oil, how much they're taking that tight oil and blending it, what impact that has on their output. It's almost impossible to say. So I think you got to -- we're just going to have to let it play out and stay in front of it. I wish I had a better answer to give you, Vincent, but I just don't.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Kallo with Robert W. Baird.
Benjamin J. Kallo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Could you talk about the timing and the size of your price increase on the FCC side? I know one of your competitors announced a price increase also. And what gives you confidence with some of the slip that you've seen that you can pass that through to customers. And then on Polymer Solutions, just maybe to revisit a question I'm sure you guys get a lot about, we get a lot, about any kind of secular downtrend you see in flame retardants and bromine-based flame retardants, if that's what we're seeing right here?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. So on FCC, what I would say is we've announced it. I don't expect there to be any real impact in 2013 from the nature of the contracts that we have. We have a lot of long-term contracts there, so the bulk of our business is under contract, and we'll certainly work to pass through the prices as appropriately. But I wouldn't see a whole much of impact in 2013 from an FCC standpoint. But we -- as a general rule, we sell on performance. So the performance -- if the performance of our Catalysts is giving that value that the refineries are seeing, we'll be able to pass it through. If not, it won't. So it's got to be a technological advantage for us to be able to do that, and we work hard everyday to make that happen. If you look at the secular trends in brominated flame retardants, what I think is fairly clear here is -- and I try to address it a little bit, is I think when you're looking at PCs, we're seeing a secular trend. And it's not just for brominated flame retardants, but it's a secular trend that the replacement cycle for PCs is spread now, those for personal use as well as commercial use. I think we're also seeing a secular trend away from PCs, at least in the developed world, over to the -- what did you call them, the -- not laptops, but tablets, I'm sorry, so tablets, smartphones and things like that. That's a very small percentage of our overall bromine sales. And I also would say that at the same time, we've actually seen a little uptick in tetrabrom for printed wiring board. So it's not like the motherboards are going away. I think we're just into a cycle. I mean, if you go back and look over the last -- we've really been in a trough for demand for electronics, really, over about 18 months. And so that's more what we're seeing is that macro demand, I think, across the rest of the portfolio and -- other than PCs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Luke, can churn out some price increases this week, 20% across your bromine franchise. Talk about the potential you see for brominated flame retardant and other bromine price increases going forward.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Well, I think we'll always look at it. I mean, I think that -- and I want to say, it's easy to issue a press release. When it comes down to it the same thing with us. When we issue a press release, you've got to go out there and you got to drive with the customers and provide the value and have the demand in order to make it through. So while it's great to issue a press release and everybody loves it, you've got to see it in the marketplace or it doesn't do you any good. And that's what we've really worked hard to do. So we're going to be looking consistently across our portfolio at opportunities. We've seen increased costs. I mean, you've got the benzene costs. We've got great prices on shale. But we've got energy costs up here, and we've got energy costs and labor cost increases to Jordan. So we've got to get back to those investment fundamentals in bromine. So I'm glad to see that other competitors are in the same boat that we are and looking to see what they can do to maximize their profitability. And we've got to take a look and do the same, and we certainly -- we'll certainly look. But our businesses, we need to go out there with innovation and capture our fair share of the market, and that's what we try to do everyday.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And, Luke, just on the Chinese exports. Is that evidence of some stabilization and increase in Chinese capacity for bromine, or just lack of Chinese demand internally for the country?
Luther C. Kissam: I think it's not -- we have not seen any increase in demand. In fact, it's still at lower levels, and we're still seeing that continue to decline. But I think it's more about the demand and where -- what they do with the existing bromine that they have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Ritzenthaler with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Within the Clear Brines in the Fine Chemistry, just so that we're clear, the second tower in SABIC for JBC is expected to start supplying customers in 2Q after the second phase qualification. I just want to make sure that's correct. And how does that new supply factor into the qualitative guidance that you provided in your prepared remarks of sort of flattish?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think we'll be commissioned in the second quarter where we're actually supplying customers. It can go one way or the other. I think if you go back and look over the last quarters of our operations in Clear Brine fluids, we've sold everything we could make and then we've reduced our inventory levels to really historic lows. So it gives us a lot more flexibility. But obviously, it'll give us ability to service our customers better, because we have optionality both in the Middle East and Southeast Asia, as well has on the Gulf with what we have in Magnolia, Arkansas. So it gives us a lot of flexibility, and it should give us an advantage. But I don't necessarily you can add whatever capacity we're adding on there and immediately throw that in to the equation for what we're going to sell in the quarter. It just doesn't work like that.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes, that make sense. And on the tight oil comments, I think -- I appreciated that commentary. And one of the things we've been hearing from refiners is that the condensates bring a unique mix of contaminants with them that the refineries aren't really used to. Is that a similar -- is that something similar that you've heard from your customers as well and presenting some challenges for your R&D group to come up with new catalysts there, formulations?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I can't say for certain if that's an exact comment that we've got with respect to tight oil. I wish I could tell you that, but I couldn't say that. You'd have to talk with one of our technical sales reps. What I would say is that we are working with the technical sales rep, our business team, our sales team and our R&D focus to ensure that we're providing the solutions that they're going to need to handle this light sweet crude in any way they choose to configure their refinery going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin -- I'm sorry, James Sheehan with SunTrust.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: On the price increase in Refinery Catalysts, could you just comment on do you expect to -- higher prices to have any impact on demand as they're rolled in?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I don't think it'll have a whole lot of impact on demand. And as I said before, I don't expect there to be really any impact in 2013, based upon -- or minimal impact, based upon the contracts that we have in place. So I don't think it'll have the kind increase. And if you look at the value that FCC catalysts bring and the cost of FCC to the refinery and you look at those economics, you look at -- it didn't have any impact on demand when we're passing through that rare earth surcharge. So I can't imagine the increase that we've announced is going to have any impact on demand.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And on your operating rates in bromine and derivatives and also on elemental bromine, could you just update us on what the operating rates were in the quarter and what your outlook continues to be for the rest of the year?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Are you talking about bromine, or are you talking about our brominated derivatives plants or FRs or what?
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: The brominated derivatives plants, exactly.
Luther C. Kissam: Right. If you look at bromine, bromine was up slightly in the first quarter. And from last year, it was in the low-80s. But whenever you look to the next quarter, you're adding -- you look to the second quarter, you add an additional capacity for bromine, right. So it'll be a similar kind of volume. We would expect a little bit less volume, but the rates will drop down to about -- in the low-70s and probably would hang there for the remainder of the year from a bromine standpoint. But you have to remember, we double the capacity at Jordan Bromine Company, and that comes into play in that lower percentage, okay. Then if you look at our brominated flame retardant plants, well, last year, we were operating them at the end of the year in the fourth quarter in the low-40%. In the first quarter, we were in the 60% range, and it'll fluctuate between the low- to mid-60s for the remainder of the year. Probably a little bit higher in the third, a little bit down in the second, a little higher in the third and down in the fourth is how I would -- how you ought to look at it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Luke, how would you characterize your appetite for acquisitions at this juncture? I guess I'm thinking specifically of Catalysts, where it looks like there's at least one property on the block based on public commentary. Trying to get a feel for how you're weighing what you're seeing in the private market relative to pace of execution on repurchases, for example?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Well, first of all, I think that there's -- if you look at what's happening to us in the -- with the repurchases, from a balance sheet standpoint, that won't be any impediment to do any of the types of deals that have been -- been out there being pushed around today. So I've got -- really, my appetite hasn't change. As long as it meets the hurdles that we've put in place and gives us a technical advantage to be able to push our businesses in the areas we are not and that we specifically like Catalysts and we specifically are looking there on how to grow Catalysts in the areas that we're not, we'd certainly be very interested.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, clear enough. And then a second question, if I may, on FCC. Are you still anticipating shipments of FCC to Abu Dhabi for the new business that you won within 2013, or what's the latest update on timing there? And is that included in your outlook for this year?
Luther C. Kissam: Right. Right now, the outlook for the year is still included in the fourth quarter, and we get reports kind of on a regular basis about that. I said -- if you listened to my remarks, I said we're watching those orders to see if they slip into 2014. If they do, it slips into 2014. It'll cause an issue for the fourth quarter for us. But ultimately, whether that goes in the fourth quarter of this year or the first quarter of 2014, it's not going to materially impact the long-range fundamental strength of the business. So we feel really good about it. But right now, Kevin, to answer your direct question, we've got it in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Just a couple of questions, if I could follow up. You talked about increasing your share repurchase authorization and having about a 10% buyback envisioned. How quickly do you expect to execute that? You talked about dollar cost averaging, but what would be the pace of executions at a 1-year or 2-year program?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I mean, what we've previously announced in February was we'd look to do it within a kind of a 12- to 13-month period, and that time period hasn't changed.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So this is -- this will be something in the course of a year or so. Can you talk a little bit more granularly about the impact of the start-up costs in the first quarter from the plants that you're starting up, and what would those costs? I mean, you talked about sort of the overall being $20 million to $25 million just in the Polymer side of the business. You're also starting up some other plants. Can you talk about the start-up costs in 2013, and what we should not look for in 2014 then?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, let me say one thing is -- I'm going to turn it over to Scott here in a second to give you that. But you said it was in Polymers. It's really in Catalysts.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. Polymer Solutions, Catalysts, yes, that's what I meant, I'm sorry.
Luther C. Kissam: Was Performance Catalyst Solutions that we had there. And I think that Scott could give you the details of the breakdown. We said it's around $20 million to $25 million for the full year, and Scott will -- can give a little more granularity.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. And in first quarter, the biggest impact came from the Yeosu, Korea start-up, and the total for the quarter is roughly kind of the $7 million to $8 million impact on earnings. We would expect something that's similar, maybe slightly higher in the second quarter and then obviously the remainder as SOCC starts to come online as we go into the rest of the year.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So now is that just for the Polymer Catalyst, or is that for all 5 facilities you're starting up?
Scott A. Tozier: That's for Catalysts, the total.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Is the level of plus of about $20 million to $25 million, is that what we can think about as an order of magnitude for the other start-up costs?
Luther C. Kissam: No, no. We're saying -- I think we're getting confused on the question here, okay. Take JBC start-up out of that, because that number is not included in there. The site at Yeosu City that -- for PureGrowth, we -- that's all capital cost, because we haven't had any start-ups there. The real start-up costs that we're talking about for that $20 million to $25 million relate to Yeosu City piece that has been commissioned now, our single site catalyst unit and our activators over there, that piece of it. It relates to the Saudi joint venture, the costs that we have there, as well as some of the debottlenecks in Catalysts that -- in polyolefin catalysts that we've done in the U.S. So it's those 3 buckets that we're talking the $20 million to $25 million -- $20 million to $25 million in 2013, Dmitry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: What was the impact of the -- in the quarter from change in ownership at JBC? I guess you have now a lower share of the joint venture.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Scott?
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. So P.J., remember, on the fourth quarter call, we mentioned that the share for JBC changed from 70-30 last year to 60-40 this year. And in the quarter, that caused approximately a $1.5 million headwind for us, right on track to what we said was going to be a full year impact, around $6 million. And you'll see about $1 million -- $1.2 million of that sitting in Fine Chemistry and a small amount in Polymers.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then in hydroprocessing catalyst, you talked about negative mix impact. Was that related to tighter oil -- in this tighter oil, which is sort of a lighter oil? Is it fair to say that, long term, it may be a positive for FCC but probably a negative for hydroprocessing business?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Well, first of all, the mix had nothing to do with tight oil. The mix related to, really, some specialty products and some first fills that we had in the first quarter that didn't repeat in the second quarter. So it had absolutely nothing to do with tight oil. In fact, I don't even think there were U.S. sales that was a real mix impact. So it had nothing to do with tight oil. I think, P.J., it's too early to call. I mean, intuitively if somebody's bringing a light sweet oil, you would think it would have -- it would spread out the turnarounds for HPC catalysts, but you'll also going to have on top of that sulfur regulations getting tighter and tighter. So how that's going to balance out over the long term remains to be seen. I think it's likely, globally, that the sulfur regs are going to drop more growth in HPC catalyst than the tight oil in the U.S. is going to reduce it. So I think, net-net, you still got good growth in HPC.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In terms of Catalysts, I think when you talked about guidance for 2Q, it sort of pins the first half on that $115 million range, I guess. And then in order to hit sort of the second half, you'd have to be in that $80 million to $90 million range per quarter, which you've done here and there but it doesn't seem like an easy task. Can you help us visualize how you sort of get to this high-50s to the 80s? And how much of it, let's say, is within your control as costs go away and so on, so forth?
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, that's a great question. We're still confident we can be flat for the full year, and it's really driven by, I think, a few things. One is resumption of demand from FCC customers who have been offline in the first quarter. You remember, we've had about 6,000 going to be offline in the first and second quarter. So if that demand in FCC picks up, we'll have, over the second half, those costs that we're talking about from the start-up costs on qualification runs. It should have run their course, and we ought to be operating and getting revenue on those new sites. So that drag from those start-up costs ought to go away in the second half of the year. Secondly, from an HPC standpoint, we ought to have an improved mix and good volumes over the second half of the year over what we've seen in the first quarter and expect for the second quarter. And finally, it comes down to the adoption of LEDs and our growth associated with electronic materials growth in those areas. So those are the 4. We feel good about our prospects to do that. It is a tough hill to climb. We've done it before. And we've got a plan in place to implement and do it. Now the things that could change that are if we have orders slide from 2013 to 2014, but you always have that risk. And if we don't have the LED pickup in the second half that we're expecting, then we'll have an issue we'll have to deal with. But as of today, as the best forecasts that we can look at, that's it. So hope that answers your question, Mike.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's great. And then in terms of the range for EPS guidance this year for '13 versus '12, excluding the stock buyback, it's -- the risk, it sounds like, from the low end to the high end is -- given if you execute well in Catalysts and Fine Chemicals, seems to sit in Polymer Solutions, depending on demand. Is that probably a good way to look at it? And then...
Luther C. Kissam: I think that's a good way to look at it, Mike. I think we've got execution in Catalysts. We've got a plan there. Now the one piece is -- I can't see our drilling fluids tanking. But if drilling -- if we got a problem, if we got a BP issue again like we saw in the Gulf, that could -- that could cause some problems. But I feel like those are executing. It comes down to macroeconomics and what's happening in the marketplace with regard to pricing in Polymers.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Lorin for closing remarks.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, who participated on the call. We appreciate your support and encourage you to call with any further questions. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Lorin Crenshaw - Director, IR Luke Kissam - CEO Scott Tozier - SVP, CRO and CFO 
Analysts:  PJ Juvekar - Citigroup Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Mike Ritzenthaler – Piper Jaffray Robert Walker – Florence  Mike Sison - Keybanc Capital David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Steven Schwartz - First Analysis  
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2012 Albermarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carissa and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instruction). As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Lorin Crenshaw, Director of Investor Relations and Communication. Please proceed.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Carissa, and welcome everyone to Albemarle's fourth quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section, at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our Press Release. That same language applies to this call. Finally, reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luke Kissam: Thanks Lorin and good morning everyone. We appreciate the opportunity to share our fourth quarter and full year results with you today. I'll begin by commenting on the Company's results and accomplishments for the quarter in the full year. Scott will review select highlights related to business segment performance and financial results and I will end by providing prospective on our outlook for the future. As usual, at the end of our prepared remarks, we'll open it up for your questions. In 2012, we continue to deliver strong returns for our shareholders and build an even stronger foundation for sustainable long-term growth. And we did so in a manner aligned with our core values of safe operations and sustainability. We invested our cash wisely in capital expansions to advance our competitive position and retain our marker leadership in critical existing and emerging markets, while we enjoy advantages of low cost and close proximity to and intimacy with our customers. During 2012, our business demonstrated strong earnings power in the face of a weak global economy, negative impact on our catalyst results due to raw material pricing related to certain metals and lower demand than originally anticipated in some of the markets served by our products, resulting in lower operating rates at some of our production units. We closed out 2012 by delivering fourth quarter net income excluding special items of $105 million, or $1.17 per share, versus $1.13 per share in the fourth quarter of 2011. That resulted in full year earnings of $436 million or $4.85 per share, excluding special items, versus $4.88 per share in 2011. Net sales for the quarter totaled $688 million and were $2.7 billion for the full year, while EBITDA excluding special item was $160 million and $703 million for the quarter and year respectively. Profitability as measured by EBITDA margin, excluding special items was 23% for the fourth quarter and 26% for the full year. So in a year, in which we saw global economic slowdown, in which our revenue in profit were negatively impacted year-over-year by metals pricing; our business was essentially flat from the earnings perspective and we actually improved our EBITDA margins. Scott will discuss our financial results in detail in a moment, but from a 20, 000 foot view, strength in fine chemistry and specific cause initiatives undertaken during 2012 overcame weakness in polymer solutions caused by global macroeconomic trends and catalyst volume growth partially offset the impact of lower metals pricing. In addition we generated $0.5 billion in cash for the second straight year. That allowed us to fund a higher than average level of capital expenditures in support of several strategic expansions, that position as well for future growth. We also repurchased over 1.1 million shares of stock and increased dividends to shareholders for the 18th straight year. Even with those increased cash expenditures, we ended the year with the strongest balance sheet in our history and the financial flexibility to continue to fund growth opportunities and return cash to shareholders. Overall the results we delivered, despite numerous challenges based in 2012 are a reflection on the dedication to operating excellence that exist among our 4000 plus Albemarle employees around the world. These people are committed to our strategy and the execution thereof, regardless of the circumstances and are committed to delivering these results in a responsible, safe and sustainable manner.  From a safety standpoint, I’m extremely proud of the efforts that our employees made to make 2012 the safest year in the history of Albemarle, with injury rates at our sites at an all-time low and likely near to the top quartile of the global specialty chemical industry. We were honored in 2012 to be one of three companies recognized by the American Chemistry Council as a responsible care company of the year, a great recognition for the way our employees go about performing their jobs each and every day. From a capital expenditure standpoint, each major project is nearing completion own budget. The Bromide, HBR and clear completion fluid phases of our expansion in Jordon are on track to start production in the first half of 2013. As, we disclosed previously, the Tetrabromide expansion in Jordon is on hold at this time.  Our performance catalyst solutions projects, the TEA joint venture in Saudi Arabia, our polyolefin catalyst center in Korea and the organometallics in the U.S. will be on line and scheduled in 2013. Additionally, we recently announced an expansion of our high purity metal organometallics production capabilities in Korea that we would expect to start up by year end 2013. In short, in 2012 we invested for growth. We'll have a head win in the first half of 2013, as we start all these projects up and get products from those units qualified at customer’s project commercial productions and sales in the second half of the year. Strategically, however these are the right actions to take today. While we invested for growth in 2012, we also engaged in a strategic review to identify underperforming businesses, where we felt that were disadvantaged from a location, scale or product mix standpoint. As a result of that review, we exceeded the phosphorus business and that action is largely complete. We will remain vigilant to ensure that businesses we own or own operate meet our profitability and return expectations and allow for sufficient technological differentiation to allow us to price for value. Finally, we took several actions that move us towards a more sustainable strategy of managing our post retirement obligations by freezing our U.S. defined benefit plan as of the end of 2014 and announcing the plan to migrate all U.S. non-union employees who were in that plan to the fine contribution plan. We followed that action with a fourth quarter announcement of a change in our pension accounting to a mark-to-market methodology. The combined impact of these actions will reduced the volatility of our earnings related to pension accounting matters and improve the predictability of our future retirement obligations and the transparency of our operating results. Overall, 2012 was a year that positioned Albemarle well for future. We delivered solid earnings in a tough economic environment by sticking to our strategy and managing our cost; eliminated a business from our portfolio that were struggling from a profitability standpoint, begin a transitional way from our U.S. defined benefit plan and expanded our manufacturing footprint in areas of the world where our customers are located and aimed at serving markets that are forecasted for growth over the next decade; overall, a very solid year. And with that I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Luke. I’m going to start with a review of our business segments and then turn to the details on our P&L and cash flow. Catalyst reported fourth quarter net sales of $294 million, up 2% year-over-year and segment income of $79 million, down 6% year-over-year on segment margins of 27%. Hydroprocessing catalysts finished 2012 with outstanding performance year-over-year, as fourth quarter net sales growth 61% and profits were up 85%. Fourth quarter HPC volumes were up 71% year-over-year and a good mix of specialty products drove record profit levels for the quarter. For the full year, catalyst reported net sales of $1.1 billion, down 4% year-over-year and segment income of $292 million, down 11% year-over-year on segment margins of 27%. For the full year, HPC volumes were down 4%, our profits rose 11% on that favorable customer mix. Fluid cracking catalysts volumes were up 14% in 2012, but this was not enough to overcome the precipitous decline in rare earth prices from an average price of $99/kg in 2011 for lanthanum to an average price of $26/kg in 2012 and ending the year at about $10/kg. Excluding the impact of this rare phenomenon in 2011 and 2012, both FCC revenue and operating profits were up nicely in 2012. Operating profits at Performance catalyst solutions have grown at a healthy compounded growth rate over the past several years, and the business delivered 7% year-over-year growth in 2012. During the quarter and for the full year, polymer catalyst continues to benefit from its strong global positioning amid an ongoing market shift of petrochemicals catalyst spending budgets and R&D efforts towards Single Site Catalyst to drive specialized products, innovation and process efficiencies. Polymer Solutions reported fourth quarter net sales of $200 million, down 4% year-over-year and segment income of $36 million, down 3% year-over-year, on segment margins of 18%. These weaker sequential results which we forecasted in our October analyst call were driven by a weaker electronics market, European construction and automotive trends deteriorating further, and unfavorable manufacturing absorption on the order of $20 million during the quarter. Year-over-year, quarterly Brominated Flame Retardant sales and volumes were down 4% and profits were up 23%; while Mineral flame retardants volumes weakened sequentially, approaching the historic lows of the fourth quarter of 2011. Our Stabilizers and Curatives portfolio had a good quarter to complete a year during which it delivered solid growth with fourth quarter sales up 11% and profits up more than double prior year levels, driven by higher infrastructure spending in the U.S. in particular, which boosted Curatives results in our Antioxidants business benefitting from better volumes and manufacturing variances related to new customer wins and growing sales outside of China. For the full year, net sales were $892 million, down 11% year-over-year and segment income was $203 million, down 16% year-over-year. This business was most impacted in 2012 by the downturn in Europe, overall lack of consumer confidence leading to lower electronics demand and low operating rates in our production units. Nevertheless Polymers delivered annual segment margins of 23%, nice profitability for such conditions. Fine Chemistry reported fourth quarter net sales of $193 million, down 7% year-over-year, and segment income of $36 million, down 19% year-over-year. This business ended a year of excellent growth with a down sequential quarter profit wise, mainly due to the timing of shipments associated with a few large custom services contracts that simply run their course for 2012. This weakness offset great results in our industrial Bromides business during the quarter. The global clear brines environment was robust with our business experiencing record volumes up 33% sequentially and up 34% year-over-year and record profits of 55% year over year. Annual net sales of $785 million were up 5% year-over-year and segment income of a $166 million was up 15% year over year. Annual segment margins of 21% were an all-time high for this segment. Fine Chemistry services drove a majority of the absolute increase in Fine Chemistry’s earnings growth on net sales that were up 11% and operating profits that rose 43% as a growing diverse pipeline of custom services projects continue to support what has now been a three year run of double digit growth. Several new contracts, went into production or expanded in 2012 with projects in the agriculture, custom pharmaceuticals and renewable chemistry markets having the greatest impact on the year. There's a lot of activity on the P&L this quarter, so let me try to simplify what's going on. Overall, for the quarter we reported all in diluted earnings per share of $0.42 and a $0.17 per share excluding special items of $0.75 per share that we incurred this quarter. The special items essentially fell into two buckets, pension and restructuring. The largest special item amounted to $0.60 per share, driven by an $86 million pretax mark-to-market actuarial loss in Q4. This was caused by the change in our discount rate from 5.1% to 4.1%, partially offset by positive performance in our pension portfolio. The other $0.15 per share in special charges related to an assortment of restructuring, pension and tax related items. Restructuring component was driven by various activities across our businesses to approve our operating efficiencies and the pension component related to a one time contribution made in the fourth quarter to our defined contribution plan as part of the transition for our U.S. employees moving from a defined benefit plan to that defined contribution plan. Let me also should shed some light on our earnings versus expectations. The $0.17 per share of adjusted earnings includes approximately $0.11 per share related to a low amendment expected tax rate, attributable to our earnings makes simply coming in considerably better this quarter than we discussed with you on our October call and $0.05 per share related to our change in pension accounting to mark-to-market. So if you back out the $0.11 of tax favorability and nickel of pension accretion, we essentially reported core earnings per share on the order of $1.01. However, I note that the tax savings, albeit different than our previous guidance, is not based on any one time items but merely on a geographic mix of our earnings. This resulted in an overall tax rate for 2012 that is higher than was the case in 2011. Excluding special items, the quarterly and full year effective tax rates were 18.3% and 24.5%. The ex-special quarterly rate is down 540 basis points compared with the 2011 rate of 23.7%, while the full year rate is up 90 basis points compared to the 2011 rate of 23.6%. Now to highlight a few other P&L items for the year, R&D expense ended the year at $79 million, up 2% as we continue to invest in a number of organic growth opportunities including several strategic adjacency initiatives. For the full year, R&D costs as a percent of revenue were 2.9%, up roughly 20 basis points year-over-year. SG&A expenses adjusted for specials ended the year at $270 million down 11% versus 2011, principally driven by lower performance-based incentive compensation levels declining about 70 basis points as a percentage of net sales to 9.8%. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations, add back pension and post-retirement contributions and subtracting capital expenditures, was $230 million for 2012, down $126 million year-over-year, due to mainly to higher capital expenditures. Cash from operations closed the year at $511 million, down 7%. Overall, our balance sheet remained strong with net debt of $205 million excluding non-guaranteed JV debt, down $66 million year-over-year while net debt-to-EBITDA ended the period at 0.3 times and net debt-to-cap was 10%. Net working capital as a percentage of sales ended the year roughly 300 basis points higher at 21%, compared with 18% in 2011 as networking capital rose to $576 million year-over-year. This increase was driven mostly by accounts receivable, although our day sales outstanding remained healthy at around 55 days. Inventory was flat year-over-year, as we were successful at managing our operating rates in the fourth quarter. Looking forward to 2013 from a financial metrics perspective, we expect CapEx to decline to somewhere between a $150 million to $175 million. While lower than the past two years, these projected CapEx levels are still 50% to 75% higher than average annual spending levels during the five year period of 2005 to 2010, signaling that we still have good growth opportunities. In 2013 we expect operating cash generation in the range of $500 million to $550 million and net debt to approach negative levels, absent any significant share repurchases or acquisitions. Finally for 2013 we are targeting working capital in the range of 20% as a percentage of sales and that our tax rate will be in the range of 25% to 26%, excluding specials. With that I will turn the call back over to Luke to talk further about our outlook.
Like Kissam: Thanks Scott. Looking to the future, Albermarle is well positioned for success. The strength of our balance sheet continues to give us financial flexibility. We have invested in capital and businesses that are forecasted to experience above average growth in areas of the world that should give us a competitive advantage. That puts us in a good position once the economy rebounds. While there is much uncertainty for 2013, we expect to grow earnings in 2013, but expect the growth to come in the second half of the year. Looking at each segment, we remain bullish on the prospects in catalyst. Within Refinery Catalyst we expect to continue experiencing volume growth in geographies where fuel demand and fuel standards are rising the fastest, including the Middle East, India and Latin America where several new units are starting up with our technology. Crack spreads in general remain healthy, which bodes well for refinery production rates and demand for high-performing catalyst. The organometallics market outlook is also favorable in view of the continued shift among customers toward designing and producing higher value specialty plastics which require our high performing metallocene activators. This dynamic is expected to drive continued volume growth in polymer catalyst. We also expect demand for LED technology to grow rapidly over the next few years, which bodes well for our pure growth family of high purity products. China has banned the 100 Watt incandescent light bulbs, with the 60 Watt ban scheduled for 2014 and a 15 watt ban in 2016. LED lighting is forecasted to grow from 4% to 30% of the total Chinese lighting market by 2015 with lighting in general in China expected to grow by 10% to 14% per year. Asia will undoubtedly lead the way in LED technology, which is why our Greenfield side in Korea is so critical to our strategy. We stated in prior calls that 2013 would be a step out year in catalyst and it will be a solid year, however a number of developments have occurred that will shorten the step just a little. A number of our FCC customers have major turnaround scheduled throughout the first half of 2013 that will cost us between 5000 and 6000 metric tons of volume, about 5% of our 2012 volumes. Additionally, the large FCC project in the Middle East that awarded us the FCC business is coming online later than originally anticipated in 2013 and could possibly slip to 2014, resulting in lower FCC volumes than we originally thought. However, these are special situations impacting FCC in 2013 and not the future. Once those matters are behind us, we expect volume growth in 2014 to drive this business to new heights. What we are planning from volume growth in HPC in 2012, the mix is not appear to be as favorable as 2012. As a result, we expect profitability to be relatively flat. We worked hard to improve that mix but that number one priority remains to provide the most effective solution to our customers specific needs. As you know, we've invested significantly in PCS over the last two years and these projects are coming online in 2013. The highly specialized products produced at these sites require long lead times for qualification runs at our customers. We are experiencing great development interactions with our customers in Asia.  Our catalyst development unit in Korea doesn’t have an open day schedule until July. As a result, while we currently have operating costs for our sites in Korea as well as Saudi Arabia for startup and qualification runs, we won't see revenue from commercial operations until the third or fourth quarter, resulting in a drag on earnings in the first half of the year. In addition, the volume from the new TEA joint venture with SABIC in 2013 is largely coming from what has historically been Albemarle volume. It’s the right strategic move to have a TEA joint venture in the Middle East, near the customers in collaboration with the world’s largest consumer of TEA but it is a revenue and profit headwind for Albemarle in 2013. In Fine Chemistry, demand for industrial bromides is expected to continue to be strong in 2013. International and Gulf of Mexico offshore rig counts are expected to remain at 2012 levels and we should see the benefit in 2013 of the completions of these increased rig counts from 2012. However, under the joint bromine company government’s documents in 2013 the profit allocation between the partners shift and that shift is a profit headwind of approximately $6 million for our segment in 2013. Custom services should continue it’s positive trajectory as the impact of capacity expansions to service existing contracts and new contracts in support of electronic materials are put into service. However, the timing of the growth comes mainly in the second half of 2013, based on the timing of when our customers have forecasted the need for product delivery. Finally polymer solutions enters the year with the widest range of possible outcomes for growth. There is a lot we simply do not know regarding the macro outlook for this business in 2013. However, for planning purposes, our view of third party market indicators and order book trends had let us to assume a flat to slightly higher year-over-year earnings result. To get more significant growth, we need genuine recovery in construction and electronics demand, not just a temporary inventory re-stocked. At this time, market indicators suggest that weak electronics demand could persist into 2013. Specifically, the most recent rating of the IBC book-to- bill ratio which has historically correlated reasonably well with our tetrabrome volumes trended down to 0.93, versus 1.02 at the time of our last earning’s call and continued a 9-month downward sloping trend. In the same vein, the most recent Gardner and IBC data on year-over-year fourth quarter global PC shipments indicated decline of 5% to 6%. Our view with third party data related to global TV panel shipments versus retail sales data indicates the global TV panel inventory at retail and its said makers have risen substantially, almost 25% above average inventories in recent quarters. The current levels are approaching those, that would indicate a correction could be coming, which would impact our outlook for our products used in enclosures in particular.  On a positive note, the December reading of the Bishop Report Connector Conference Survey recently showed a meaningful uptick to 47.3 from 34.8, driven by improved sentiment in North America and Asia, exclusive of Japan.  This should signal improved volumes for our Brominated polystyrene family of products. However, one data point does not make a trend and we would like to see this survey rise above 50 and remain there for a couple of months before considering it a true positive signal. Mineral Flame Tolerance should be above flat at 2013 but this business remains dependent on improved demand for wire and cable in automotive, energy, constru8ction and infrastructure products. We expect Curatives and Stabilizers to show the most year-over-year improvement among Polymer Solutions Divisions, as we expect this sector to benefit from the improved cost position and higher customer operating rates. Given all of those moving parts, we expect our 2013 annual adjusted earnings per share excluding special items and onetime items to be flat to up 6% from 2012. The businesses remain solid, however the ability to grow year-over-year will depend somewhat on macroeconomic trends.  We will plan to update this annual view on our subsequent quarterly calls. We would also expect a weaker first half of 2013 than compared to either half of 2012, with first quarter results likely to be weaker sequentially and year-over-year for Catalyst and Fine Chemistry while Polymers is likely to be flat to slightly up sequentially, but down year-over-year. Despite the current global uncertainties, we entered 2013 convinced of our strategy and confident in our ability to execute against our strategic objectives. The investment rationale supporting our major capital projects remain intact. A number of global secular trends will have a long term positive impact on our markets. We continue to demonstrate an ability to leverage our base technologies into new adjacencies that will ultimately become meaningful contributors to our business. We have the financial flexibility to allow us to fund growth and return capital to shareholders. Most importantly, we have the right people in place to execute our strategy. In short, the foundation to our business is stronger at the beginning of 2013 than it was at the beginning of 2012 and we are well prepared for whatever 2013 brings. With that I'll turn the call back over to Lorin for questions and answers.
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, we're ready to open the lines for Q&A, but before you do so, I would remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time, so that everyone has a chance, then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ons, if time allows. Please proceed.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar of Citigroup, please proceed.
PJ Juvekar - Citigroup: Last quarter you talked about utilization rate in Bromine and BFR's to be in the range of 40% to 60%. Can you give us an update on that and are you taking most of the downtime in Arkansas versus Jordan, just sort of elaborate on that?
Lorin Crenshaw : PJ, the first part of the question on utilization rates, if you look at Bromine for the fourth quarter and then you look at our bromide flame retardants, if you look at Bromine overall we were in that mid-70 range for the fourth quarter, like we said we're going to be and then if you look at the derivatives, we were operating at that low 40% level in the fourth quarter. We are approaching both of those upticks in the first quarter of 2013 for Bromine to the low to mid 80's and Bromine derivatives in the 50% range, 50% plus range which really put us in the range where we were operating across the whole year of 2012. And then PJ, I'm sorry but I didn't understand the last piece of your question, you faded out.
PJ Juvekar - Citigroup: What I was asking was the downtime that you took, was it more in Arkansas versus Jordan?
Lorin Crenshaw: I think the downtime one way or the other, it was about the same. We ran clear completion fluid hard both places. We had a very strong clear completion fluids quarter and we ran Jordon and Magnolia hard on completion fluids and in fact sold some of the inventory levels into the inventory levels in the fourth quarter. Otherwise, we didn’t run tetrabone very hard and that’s the only really too comparative. So it’s pretty equivalent across those two.
PJ Juvekar - Citigroup: And secondly in BFRs, is there is a structural shift in your business that you are selling less into smartphones and tablets than PCs and is that a structural shift and then how does project Gemini relate to that?
Lorin Crenshaw: It’s not a structural shift into what we are selling. We are still selling into the same products that we were selling before. I think as I interpret your question it’s really, are we in a secular trend away from PCs into tablets and you read as much as I do about that. I think it depends upon what area of the world that you are looking at. It depends upon what price points people are trying to sell but I don’t think if you look at the data on the PC shipments and you look at tablets in the developed world at least, they are moving more to tablets and in the developing world, it’s a still more of a PC type phenomenon as we have discussed before. We are not in the bulk of tablets, maybe in some printed wiring boards and things like that with the enclosures. We are largely not in that. There could be some modifications to what people are talking about from iPhones and to go into tablets to make them cheaper, at a more cost competitive price point and if they do that, it depends what resin system they are going to go to. If they go to polycarbonate, probably not a whole way probability for growth and Brominated Flame Retardants if they go hips (ph) or ABS, there would be opportunity there and where that ultimately shapes out would depend upon the cost of the entire resin system. Our product Gemini is getting good response from our customers. We are running some test, all kind of great. Our reports in that may give us opportunities in certain areas with connectors , chargers, wiring boards and things like that at higher ends. So we are really excited about the possibility of that being a real commercial contributor into the future.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Koort of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Luke, it looks like you are down to about, as low at a debt to cash ratio as we’d see in the industry and we have seen other companies take advantage of that, you guys did buy some stock back but you seem maybe a little reluctant. Are you getting the ammo ready for a big deal, or what’s holding you back from being a little bit more aggressive, especially if you think 2013 has got a little bit of backend loaded hockey stick. Wouldn’t now be the time to get more aggressive before that ramp up in the second half?
Luke Kissam: Yeah, I think we are constantly monitoring the situations out there in the markets and our cash and as we said, as we are trying to taking the call, we are going to look for ways to both grow the business and return substantial cash to our investors, and I would expect in the first half of the year we will be studying that and looking out at the possible actions we can do to drive that shareholder value even higher.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: When you look at acquisitions, does the scope of those acquisitions lean more towards bolt on technologies in regions that grow the business or synergistic deals where you might have a cost advantage or some takeout opportunity to make a deal work? What’s the spectrum look like in terms of deals that you are considering?
Luke Kissam: I think Bob, the way I’d look at it is, it would be more bolt on, the ways that would complement our technology and allow us to grow the business, as opposed to a take out. If we saw an opportunity for a takeout that made sense that we could do that, in certain of our businesses that would be doubling down on some exposures that make us hard enough to model as it is. So I think we are looking at ways to try to grow the business and use that complementary technology to allow us to do so.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley, please proceed
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  Could you just talk a little bit more about the inventory levels in Polymer Solutions? I know in one of the slides you talked about bringing the operating rate up but how should we think about that trend, given it sort of flattish year-over-year in the quarter but down sequentially. How should we think about that as we move through ‘13?
Luke Kissam:  Yes so Vince, I think, we worked hard in the second half of the year to bring our inventory levels back into line with, kind of historical averages and we were successful doing that; not just in Polymer Solutions but in all three of our businesses. As we go into 2013 we are expecting to build demands tighter this year and have a smoother operating rate. As Luke mentioned in the Bromine and the Brominated Flame Retardants, we are expecting that to be in the low to mid-50 ranges, going up maybe to the upper 50 range from an operating rate perspective. We will see something, traditional levels in our HPC and FCC catalyst factors as well in kind of that mid-70 to upper 80 ranges depending on what the timing of shipments are. So we're expecting to have a better profile there for inventory next year.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay and this is a follow up, did you say what the comparable tax rate was going to be 2013?
Luke Kissam: Yes, we were expecting between 25% and 26% again, a lot of uncertainty out there with what's happening in the U.S. government but based on the big driver for our tax rate has almost always been certainly less several years the mix of our earnings depending on which country they're coming from. And our current outlook would point us to that 25% to 26% range.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy of Bank of America. Please proceed.
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Question on polymer solutions. Your volume number there at plus seven looks like it was the best since the third quarter at 2010. On the other hand though pricing at minus six was the lowest since the first quarter of 2010. So maybe you can help us understand the economy there a bit. Has anything changed from a pricing or U.S. to city perspective, as far as Albermarle is concerned or is that simply a function of what you're seeing in the end use markets or at the market level.
Luke Kissam: Yes, Kevin I think one of the things that you got to be real careful about that is the mix between mineral flame retardants Bromine and flame retardants and curatives and stabilizers as you look overall at polymer. So let me just talk generically as you look at that. On curatives and stabilizers not a whole lot of price change, maybe a little bit around the edges, not much and we had some good volume growth there but on a lower base. If you look overall at mineral flame retardants, that’s an area we talked about in the past where if you remember the end of 2011 was historical low from a volume perspective there both in our fine percept and in our ground. So really when you look at those two together 11 was the lowest volume we had and we had to give up some price in minerals in order to get some of that volume back up to some operating rates at our German facility. So that's the way it worked. We did that and Europe still been very weak and a lot of that is the European market. So we had to give up some price in mineral flame retardants in that market to be competitive with what’s going out there, given the overall macroeconomic demand in minerals. In Brominated flame retardants, we've had pricing up's and we've had pricing down's in that we’ve seen you remember when Evonik had the explosion in CDT, which was a key raw material for brominated flame retardant was tight that everybody was able to raise prices. Now, because Evonik’s back up running, the CDT prices are come back down and you’ve seen people have to adjust back to historical levels fir HBCD (ph) pricing. So I think there has been some movements in specific areas on brominated flame retardants and some around the edges but the philosophy hasn’t changed in the overall price structure and market dynamics are still the same as they have been for the last couple of years.
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Has Tetrabrom stabilized, Luke?
Luke Kissam: Tetrabrom always get some nibbling around the edges. That’s the first to go and when you say has there been some nibbling around the edges, yes, but it has been you know a couple of pennies on a kilogram here versus $0.50 or something like that. So, it stabilizes as much as Tetrabrom are always stabilized.
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Okay and then the second question if I may on catalysts. It sounds like some timing issues in FCC, I think I heard you say HPC profit was perhaps looking flat for the year. What is your outlook for profit in polyolefin catalyst for 2013 versus 2012?
Luke Kissam: Overall for the year, I would expect that profit to be up and I think that the fact they are up is going to mask, they are going to be able to overcome some of these additional headwinds costs that they had in the beginning of the year for startups from transition from Albemarle volume to our joint venture volumes. So I expect big things out of PCS this year, I think it will be a good growth trend and a piece of that is going to really focus on the LED markets and our pure growth family products and if you listen to the other calls and listen to their LED markets and then the market data, that looks to be a back half of the year, that’s how people view it is. It is going to be start slower and build during the course of the year, the transition to LED. So that’s a part the big growth that we are looking forward to in PCS in 2013.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Ritzenthaler of Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Mike Ritzenthaler – Piper Jaffray: On the clear brines, we are wondering why the volumes didn’t benefit the margins a bit more in Fine Chemistry. Is it a function of the relative size of clear brine into Fine Chemistry or is there a some sort of read through on pricing there? 
Luke Kissam: I think the big driver on fourth quarter being down for Fine Chemistry is just coming out of the custom services and some high profit projects that really just didn’t have shipments there, and that really overcame that big growth in clear brine that we talked about. So I don’t think there is any read through there. It’s really just a mix between those products that caused the drop.
Mike Ritzenthaler – Piper Jaffray:  Okay that makes sense, and on the volume gains in the mineral flame retardants, can you give us a little bit more color on which end markets in 4Q kind of drove those results and the relatively robust outlook that you were talking about in your prepared comments?
Scott Tozier: I think for the fourth quarter, as Luke mentioned, we were approaching what we had in 2011 fourth quarter. In fact if you just do, we are about 10% up in volume but that’s still only 90% of what we were in the first half of 2009. So very-very low volumes there, even though that year-over-year trend was favorable. Product line there, construction, wire and cable is the big driver here and construction, automotive, particularly in Europe, little bit here in the U.S.; so the drivers for that market. We are seeing a little bit of early quarter uptake right now. We think that’s mostly just inventory recovery out of customers as they burned off inventory in the fourth quarter of last year. So, but more to come, we are watching that area very carefully. As Luke mentioned, a highly competitive segment for us, and one that we will make sure we drive good profit. 
Luke Kissam:  And I think in the fourth quarter, what we saw mainly was a lot of driving down inventory levels in the fourth quarter. So I think you have seen this order pattern. It remains to be same whether it’s restocking or whether it’s actually through demand build across the chain.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander of Jefferies & Co, Please proceed.
Rob Walker – Florence : This is Rob Walker on Florence. I guess at first, have your inventory cost in Catalyst on the FCC side normalize now with current market prices for rare earth, and what was the full profit impact in 2012 from the rare earth price decline?
Luke Kissam: Yeah, we had given out the number for the full profit declines. We have only stated that it was significant, but if you look at the inventory levels, I’ll ask Scott to address that. The only thing I will say is, you say has it normalized and I guess normalized to what? It was $4 before at end of the year, $4 before all the escalation came up per kilo. If you look at, at the end of the year 2012 it was roughly 10. So it was still twice as high as it was in 2010, but it's probably 10% of what it was it points in time in 2011 or 2012 but Scott may have more specific color on that.
Scott Tozier: Yes, just to add to that, from an inventory levels we have been able to tighten up that inventory level a little bit. So going into 13, we shouldn't see it, we shouldn't clearly seek nearly the impact that we saw in 2012. It will be a small amount in the first half as the price of lanthanum has continued to drop. At the end of the year it was around $10 to $12. We’re forecasting it’s going to get down close to the $4/kg at the end of the year right now. So there's still some continued drop there. We'll see how that plays out. A lot of the dynamic between China, Mali Corp, Lynas in Malaysia, all those are playing out here and we will see what happens.
Rob Walker – Florence : And then finally how much do you anticipate mark-to-market adding in 2013, versus your adjusted 485 number? It looks like it would have been $0.35 in 2012 but only about this quarter $0.05 was in your adjusted 2012 number. 
Scott Tozier: Well let me state it this way; on a year over year basis, on an adjusted EPS perspective mark-to-market will not have any impact next year; it'll be very-very small. Obviously there would be a mark-to-market actuarial adjustment based on gains and losses that we would recognize but that would be in our U.S. GAAP or fully reported numbers. Now if you compare our results versus how we traditionally accounted for pensions, it's roughly a $0.20, $0.19 to $0.20 improvement in that adjusted EPS number. So, if you look at 2012, it was a $0.19 improvement and we would expect something similar in 2013 and that's driven by removing or having previously recognized, restated out the amortization of deferred gains and losses and so that effect will slowly go down overtime as that amortization effect goes away.
Rob Walker – Florence : Just to clarify to make sure I understood that, so next year you anticipate about almost $0.20 improvement, which could be about 4% earnings growth.
Scott Tozier:  Now versus the 45. So the 45 already has mark-to-market pension accounting in that. So the year over year impact in 2013 is flat, so there's no impact.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison at Keybanc Capital, please proceed.
Mike Sison - Keybanc Capital: Just curious, when you think about how the quarter’s role, you sort of commented the first half would be challenging, maybe flat. Then you also noted in the fourth quarter 2012 you got the taxes and the help there. So that’s a tough quarter to be up. So does the most of the earnings growth, if you get it come in the third, is that sort of the way to look at the year? 
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think you have got to look at it by division. The way the catalyst is shaping up right now, they have got cost in the first half of the year and they have got some increased volumes built in over the second half. So catalyst I think you will see a study build, with some pretty big in third and fourth quarters if those volumes come out the way you expect. You would expect a backend year for Fine Chemistry services. So I would see that being kind of, higher progressively into the second, the third and then the fourth and then most of the time for polymers, as we will come back from Chinese New Year and see what happens although with the last half of the first quarter, usually a stronger second and third quarter with a weaker fourth but I think that weaker fourth in polymers will not totally offset the strength that we expect in catalyst if that volume comes through.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc Capital: Okay and then just trying to gauge your sentiment Luke. You sort of noted as you did today a lot of positives and headwinds coming in. Do you feel better as you head into 2013 than you did maybe two to three months ago?
Luke Kissam: I feel better. Yeah I feel better about the strategy, I feel better about, we have more information a day. So with more information, you are able to plan better. I feel good about the sites. We have always said these projects could online, on time and on budget and we have always expected them to and they were always tracking but I was able to go to Korea and see that start up with that Greenfield site. The biggest development I see is the work in the catalyst development unit that we have over there is filled up. So that bodes well for filling up that site quickly in the second half of the year and we are seeing some pickup in our pure growth family of products in catalyst; so that feels good. I just don’t know what is going to happen in electronics longer term; it feels better today than it did three or four months ago. There is some good data and bad data but there is more clarity. So you can plan for when you have more clarity and we pretty well feel good about the clear completion fluids. So, overall I would say today, I feel better than I did four months ago.
Operator: And we have time for two more questions. Our next question will come from the line of David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David Begleiter - Deutsche: Luke in Bromide, as far as getting a very low utilization rates, are you thinking about closing or probably shuttering some capacity gains, some additional pricing power?
Bank: Luke in Bromide, as far as getting a very low utilization rates, are you thinking about closing or probably shuttering some capacity gains, some additional pricing power?
Luke Kissam:  No, because I don’t feel the need to operate those sites wide open. It’s a no win situation if you go out and try to chase that volume and to shutter it down, if you remember, in 2009 and 2010 whenever it’s crying backup, if you remember back, we will run in as hard as we could run and still could not meet the customer demand out there for that build. So to take it out puts me at risk of not being able to meet a customer’s need when the market rebounds there. So we will operate them efficiently as possible from a cost standpoint. We will cross train employees, we will ensure that we are operating them as efficiently as possible but to take them out of service, all that does is I got to write off for the asset that that’s no longer in service. So it’s really, I don’t see where that does us a whole lot of good from an industry standpoint.
David Begleiter - Deutsche: Okay, and just on the JBC agreement and the change in the structure for leading to reduce earnings, a little more color on that, any other structures in agreement that could result in your having reduced profitability from that, that data?
Bank: Okay, and just on the JBC agreement and the change in the structure for leading to reduce earnings, a little more color on that, any other structures in agreement that could result in your having reduced profitability from that, that data?
Luke Kissam:  What I would tell you is and this is public data, that our potash coal pricing is put there before. So originally the bulk and there are some gradations of this but originally what’s been disclosed publically is that the original profit share was 70% - 30%. 70% Albermarle 30% and it’s being reduced to 60% - 40% in 2013.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of Steven Schwartz of First Analysis. Please proceed.
Steven Schwartz - First: In Fine Chemistry, this fourth quarter lull due to campaign timing, I presume that is related to you just meeting your volume requirements for your customer, and if you could so just confirm that for me and then, as we start 2013 I presume that you then resume producing volume for those customers plus you have these new awards. So can you frame up what the bump might be in volume and/or profit in this first quarter versus first quarter of 12?
Analysis: In Fine Chemistry, this fourth quarter lull due to campaign timing, I presume that is related to you just meeting your volume requirements for your customer, and if you could so just confirm that for me and then, as we start 2013 I presume that you then resume producing volume for those customers plus you have these new awards. So can you frame up what the bump might be in volume and/or profit in this first quarter versus first quarter of 12?
Luke Kissam: Yes, so the lull that occurred in 2012 in the fourth quarter 2012, related to existing time price where they had produced all that they have requested for us to produce for the year and there was a lull in their demand in the fourth quarter or from the timing of the campaign. If you look at the first quarter, some of those contracts are still not up to previous levels and are expected to be for the later in 2013. So you will not see a pickup in 2013, first quarter versus fourth quarter 2012 in those specific businesses.
Steven Schwartz - First: Okay so but then some of the newer contracts might kick in and help offset some of that.
Analysis: Okay so but then some of the newer contracts might kick in and help offset some of that.
Luke Kissam: It might offset some of it but I would still say that, as I said it’s more second half. So they will likely be sequentially down in the first quarter, Steve.
Steven Schwartz – First Analysis: And then as my follow up, hopefully just a quick answer for you, Luke you gave the volume impact in FCC due to the turnarounds of that 5000 to 6000 tons or 5%. With respect to the Middle East refinery project, can you give us a reference around that 5,000 to 6000, what’s that worth for you?
Luke Kissam: Yes, it's hard to give the reference around that because we don't know when they're going to start up and it wasn't volume that was in 2012. So other than that, I can't really get into the details of what it is other than say it's a very large unit that's coming on line that we’re excited that our technology was slated and awarded that contract and we're looking forward to servicing, whether it comes online at the end of 2013 which we hope, which would give us a little kick that I've already figured in when I told you what I thought that volumes would be year-over-year and if it does a role in 2014 and we'll have the volumes in it.
Steven Schwartz – First Analysis Corp.: Okay, but relative to your prior thinking, it sounds like it was more than 6000 tons, your prior thinking was. 
Luke Kissam: Yes, so whenever we talked about it I’ll you this project, whenever we originally got it, it was going to be first half of 2013 and now it’s third quarter and now it could slip into 2014. So it’s relative to our thinking at a point in time Steve and I'm not trying to be evasive in the answer but depending upon whatever we've talked in the second quarter or third quarter or fourth quarter, there was a different volume expectation that we have for 2013. And what I'm saying is, the most we're going to get on that is maybe a quarter, a volume and it could slide in 2014. So at a point of time, it was pretty significant, whenever we talked about step out but from where it is today, whether it's in the fourth quarter or whether it's in the first quarter, it's sizeable but it's still significant volume.
Operator:  At this time I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Crenshaw for closing remarks.
Lorin:  I would just say thanks for your time and your interest in our results, and invite investors and analysts to call with any further questions. Thank you.
Crenshaw :  I would just say thanks for your time and your interest in our results, and invite investors and analysts to call with any further questions. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Luke Kissam - Chief Executive Officer Scott Tozier - Chief Financial Officer Lorin Crenshaw - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: John Hertz [ph] – Citigroup David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co. Mike Ritzenthaler – Piper Jaffray Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan Mike Sison – KeyBanc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2012 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carissa and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instruction). As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today’s call Mr. Lorin Crenshaw, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Lorin Crenshaw:  Thank you, Carissa, and welcome everyone to Albemarle's third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section, at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Finally, reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call maybe found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luther Kissam: Thanks Lorin and good morning everyone. We appreciate the opportunity to share our third quarter results with you today. I'll begin by commenting on the Company's quarterly results and then Scott will review select highlights related to business segment performance and financial results. As usual, at the end of our prepared remarks, we'll open it up for your questions. While we are going to limit your questions to two per person at one time, so everyone has a chance, then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups if time allows. Given the challenging economic environment we faced in the quarter I’m pleased with our results and encouraged by the earnings power the company continues to demonstrate. Although, our income was significantly impacted by macroeconomic and metal trends and the year-over-year drop in the rare earth price index. Our overall profitability is proving resilient and cash generation was excellent. Third quarter net sales was $661 million and net income was $99 million, $1.10 per share. Segment income was a $146 million and segment margins remained strong at 22%. While all of those metrics were down year-over-year, they were achieved against a much tougher economic environment. If you look at each GDU’s performance in the third quarter Polymer Solutions which was our business’ most negatively impacted by the global economic slowdown reported net sales of $217 million, segment income of $44 million and segment margins of 20%, much stronger performance in polymers than was the case the last time we faced similar economic conditions back in the 2009 time frame. Catalysts had net sales of $251 million, segment income of $61 million and segment margins of 24%. As we explained in the second quarter call, second half year-over-year comparisons will be tough in 2012. Given the precipitous decline in rare earth index pricing and the impact of that decline on our results, but we are also down sequentially in year-over-year in Performance Catalyst Solutions due primarily to some customers reducing their inventories during the quarter and others having scheduled turnarounds. We expect that to be a one quarter issue.  Fine Chemistry continued to deliver high growth and excellent profitability this quarter with net sales of $193 million, segment income of $42 million and segment margins of 22%. Income was up 39% year-over-year and margins were up 487 basis points year-over-year. The business got a late quarter boost from strong clear bromine fluid volumes in September due to some increased drilling activity in the Gulf of Mexico. There are a couple of factors impacting our results that are worth noting. First of all as it relates to polymers, throughout the quarter there was a continuation of the broad based deterioration of electronics end markets and that will signal throughout the supply chain indicating a weaker second half. In addition, construction activity overall and in particular in Europe fell off substantially impacting our mineral flame retardant business and HBCD volumes and pricing. We indicated in our second quarter earnings call that the second half outlook of Polymer Solutions had weakened considerably since the first quarter when we thought that the prospects for a second half recovery looked more promising and it begun to build the inventory in anticipation of that recovery. The outlook has continued to get worse if you look at the indicators that we typically discussed. The IPC book-to-bill ratio is a U.S. only ratio but it is nevertheless a decent proxy for our printed wiring board business. At the time of our first quarter call, the March reading of this indicator registered 1.05 and it trended up for four straight months. The July reading was 1.0 and was the fourth straight month of decline. The most recent reading ticked up to 1.02, but the trend since March of this year has clearly been downward sloping. The most recent Gartner data on year-over-year global PC shipments indicated a decline during the third quarter of over 8% while the most recent data from iSuppli calls for a 5% decline in global TV shipments for 2012 with the trends most sluggish in developed markets where we tend to see reasonable fire safety standards all set by growth in developing markets which tend not to have a stringent of fire safety standards. The Bishop Report is a global indicator that historically has also proven to have a good correlation with the volumes of our Connectors business. Back in April, this report showed a reading of 65.4 and four straight months of increases, by contrast the August reading was 39.3, the lowest it has been since the middle of 2009 and in continuing what is now a 6-month downward sloping trend. For comparison, in 2010 the reading dipped below the mid 80s only once. In construction, Dow’s macroeconomic heat index released with their second quarter earnings reflected a downward outlook for construction within Western Europe from yellow to red to reflect globe slowing or negative demand growth, which proved an accurate leading indicator for the trends we ultimately saw during the quarter. This trend had a negative impact on mineral flame retardants as well as on HDCD, one of our brominated flame retardants. Notably, the impact of recalibrating our inventory levels to be more in line with market realities was a $16 million hit to Polymer Solutions during the quarter due to less favorable cost absorption and it is expected to have an impact on the order of 30 to 35 million on this GBU[ph] for the second half of the year. For historical comparison purposes it is noteworthy that volumes for some of our more profitable flame retardant products have fallen to levels approaching those seen in the first half of 2009. As some of you will recall, that’s when Polymer Solutions basically broke even, generating just $3 million in segment income during the six month period in June 2009. By contrast, polymers generated $44 million in segment income this quarter. Therefore, while we are positioning this business for a prolonged period of economic slowdown. It’s earning power is much greater than any point in its history due to the actions that we’ve taken since 2009. As a result, when the economy picks up, the contribution we get from each additional pound of product in this GBU would drive exceptional profitability. In catalysts, the rare earth impact mess an otherwise good quarter. From a revenue perspective this rare earth price decline impacted the quarter by roughly $40 million year-over-year and is projected impact of fourth quarter by about $45 million year-over-year at current index price levels. In terms of the year-over-year decline in catalysts profitability, the majority of the $40 million year-over-year delta was attributable to FCC and this dynamic about around rare earth surcharges. While FCC volumes were up double digits year-over-year rare earth surcharges dropped dramatically year-over-year from an average of $115 a kilogram to an average of $24 a kilogram. The profit impact obtained from a combination of our cost of inventory that was being sold in the third quarter of 2011 being lower relative to the rare earth index used for calculating our price to our customers. Our own inventory management decisions and the timing of the customer contract surcharges. The reverse was true this quarter when our inventory on hand cost more than the rare earth index due to the indexes precipitous drop at the beginning of 2012. Over the full cycle of the rare earth pricing bubble, we would expect this profit impact to net to zero, but the second half of 2012 will show the largest year-over-year negative impacts. It is simply a matter of timing and has no material impact on the overall strength of our business. In fact FCC volumes were up significantly year-over-year and base pricing remained strong. Earlier this year, we share with you that we had begun studying available options aimed at reducing earnings volatility related to our pension expenses and reducing the risk of the company being required to make further large cash contributions to our pension plan in future years. We recently took an important step toward our goal by announcing the plan to migrate U.S. non-union participants in our defined benefit plan to a defined contribution plan. Specifically, our current defined benefit plan will be totally frozen by December 31, 2014 after which no additional growth in years of service or final average pay will be recognized. This action is in the best interest of moving the company towards a more sustainable strategy of managing our pension obligations. In connection with this change we are also evaluating the investment strategies and accounting methods that would allow us to increase earnings transparency and reduce the volatility of future cash contributions. We would expect to complete this evaluation before year end. With regard to our major capital projects, the first two phases of our Bromine expansion in Jordan are currently on track to commence production in the first half of 2013, doubling JBC’s elemental bromine completion fluids and HBr production capacity. With our current clear brown assets running at very high utilization rates and a strong outlook for that business. We need that additional capacity to better serve our customers and capture our fair share of this growing market. The outlook for HBr an elemental bromine is also encouraging driven by growth in agricultural, pharmaceutical, and bromobutyryl applications. As I previously stated, we’ll bring volumes to the market as needed to meet demand. We will not need 100% of the incremental capacity on day 1, but the expansion allows us to drive incremental opportunities in the short term and meaningful opportunities in the immediate term as stable trends in these markets drive growth, they would otherwise exceed our current capacity. Upon commercial completion in the coming months what is already the world’s low cost bromine sourcing platform will be readily able to satisfy current demand and future opportunities as global economies eventually improve and the growth in new applications for bromine continues. The three performance catalyst solutions related expansion we’ve commenced. The Greenfield sites for our TEA joint venture in Saudi Arabia, the Catalyst Center in Korea, an additional specialty capacity in the U.S. all remain on track with Saudi project to come online by year-end, Korea during the first quarter of 2013 and the domestic capacity staged between this quarter through mid 2013. We also recently announced plans to expand the new Korean facility with capacities that will be dedicated to producing our pure growth line of high purity organometallics which are used in the process of manufacturing chips for semiconductors and LEDs. These expansions would allow us to maintain our leading global position in TEA, organometallics and Single Site Catalyst as well as advance our competitive positioning within electronic materials. Upon completion, we will be able to provide a reliable local supply for these critical products in areas of the world which are expected to enjoy this sustained growth and demand for these products over the next decade. Finally, in terms of new investments, throughout the year Fine Chemistry Services has reported robust results, with profitability tripling year-to-date. The transformation of this business reflects the impact of evolving our Customer Services portfolio towards a diverse pipeline of opportunities across the agricultural, lubricant, electronics materials, renewable chemistry and specialty pharmaceutical sectors that we’ve targeted for growth. As the current rate of growth is projected to outstrip our existing capacity. We recently announced plans to double capacity of our Tyrone, Pennsylvania facility. We are excited about this project, which require capital outlay of approximately $30 million. The growing impact of our custom business has been a key factor behind foreign chemistry delivering 20 plus segment margins in 2012. This investment will expand our base of highly flexible assets to support continued growth from a robust pipeline. In terms of our outlook for the balance of the year, we currently expect the fourth quarter to be weaker than third quarter results. Although Catalysts should be strong, the sequential growth there is expected to be offset by weaker Polymer Solutions and Fine Chemistry results. Specifically within Refinery Catalysts, FCC volume should remain healthy that face ongoing metals surcharge headwinds, and FCC is poised to finish very strong. The PCS order book and customer checks suggest that operating rates should rebound from the fourth quarter, given fewer customer turnarounds. While Fine Chemistry should benefit from continued strength in clear brine volumes, we will likely see softer customer service projects due to campaign timing associated with a few large contracts that has simply run their course for 2012, asset retooling and a sequentially higher negative volume variances across the portfolio. We are seeing nothing in the economic indicators or our order book that would lead us to believe that we will see marked improvement in the market served by our Polymer Solutions business in the fourth quarter. There has been no meaningful change in the competitive or structural dynamics of our markets. As these macro headwinds stabilize and ultimately improve, so should polymers financial results. Meanwhile, we expect the fourth quarter to be tougher than the third for polymers, with the next demand signpost expected to occur Chinese New Year, when customer order patterns and discussions will give us a more confident view on how 2013 is likely to shape up. We are in the middle of our planning process and look forward to sharing our 2013 earnings outlook during our fourth quarter call in January. However, we remain optimistic in 2013, we will see a resumption of growth, with the structural drivers for Catalysts and Fine Chemistry more clear today than is the case with Polymer Solutions. In any case, we look forward to sharing more thoughts about 2013 with you in January. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott, who will shed further light on our segment performance and touch on our few financial highlights.
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Luke. I will start with the details on each segment and then close with the financial highlights. Let’s begin with Catalysts, where sales were down 16% and segment income fell $41 million year-over-year to $61 million. As the financial results of an otherwise fine fundamental refinery catalyst quarter were largely obscured by the dynamics around metals surcharges as described by Luke earlier and a weak quarter for Organometallics business. The bulk of the decline in revenue and profitability during the quarter was attributable to FCC where revenue was down 17% and operating income fell over 40%. However, volumetrically, FCC is doing great, up 17% year-over-year and 23% sequentially, as customers were using more fresh catalysts and optimizing their output, now that rare Earth prices have stabilized. The core fundamentals are excellent as the direction of the crudes plate continues to move toward more complex feeds, which is really our sweet spot within this business. HPC volumes improved 50% sequentially as expected and profit improved in line. Year-over-year, HPC volumes were slightly down with an unfavorable customer mix. We also saw a reduction in metals surcharges in HPC of about $5 million, as the cost of certain metals like Molly, nickel and cobalt came down. However, this had only a minimal impact on profits. A quarter of the overall drop in Catalysts profitability was due to Performance Catalyst Solutions, which reported weak results with revenue and operating profits down double digits due to extended customer shutdowns and customer inventory management. We also had some larger orders in 2011 that were one-time in nature.  Finally, we also have started to see costs associated with the Saudi joint venture in the equity income line, which is nearing completion, but will not produce any revenue until production commences in 2013. Customer operating rates in PCS have resumed to more normal levels in the early weeks of this quarter. As a result, we expect PCS to finish the year stronger and expect catalysts overall to close the year strong and well-prepared for growth into 2013. Polymer Solutions faced tough macro trends and delivered revenue 11% lower than 2011 and segment income that was 20% lower. Brominated Flame Retardant sales were down 13% during the quarter year-over-year on 7% lower volumes. These declines and unfavorable fixed cost absorption impacts resulted in a 22% year-over-year operating profit decline for polymers overall. On both the year-over-year and sequential basis, broad weakness was evident across each major electronic end markets as connectors, and closures, and printed wiring board all reported double-digit volume declines. HBCD, our Flame Retardant in the construction segment was also down over 30% due to a slowdown in the pace of European construction orders. Mineral flame retardant sales fell 9% year-over-year and profits were down 20% due to lower pricing and an especially challenging construction and automotive environment in Europe. We believe that this trend has started to stabilize, but are watching the construction market closely. We are track to exit our Phosphorous business by year end. 4 percentage points of polymers’ third quarter revenue decline was due to shipments winding down in this business. On the other hand, we had segment income benefit in the quarter versus last year. We expect to see the full benefit of our exit strategy starting in early 2013. Finally, Stabilizers and Curatives revenue was up 3% year-over-year and profits were down 15% year-over-year on 6% higher volumes. Anti-oxidant volume growth was offset by price weakness within anti-oxidants in China in particular and generally sluggish infrastructure demand trends. We also faced some fixed cost absorption headwinds as we reduced inventory in this business. Overall, we expect polymer solutions to slog through another tough period in the fourth quarter, with profitability lower than the third quarter, as volumes come down further and we manage our factories to reduce inventory. Fine Chemistry continue where it has been a tremendous year, with third quarter sales up 8% and segment income up 39%. Fine Chemistry services results continue to be strong year-over-year, with sales up 18% and operating profits nearly doubling. These exceptional results within this division continue to be driven by outstanding custom service performance, as this business reported its second highest quarterly profit levels ever, up three times the levels of year ago, attributable to the growth of new and existing contracts in each of our focus areas for growth, especially pharmaceuticals, lubricants and ag intermediates. You may recall that a year ago around this time, we began an expansion of NBPT capacity for use in fertilizer stabilizers. We are benefiting from the incremental earnings related to that investment this quarter. As a result of plans for our customer to expand distribution of this product globally in a more aggressive manner, we recently received approval to double NBPT capacity again, with an anticipated startup of the new assets in the second half of 2013. This business also benefited from shipments to SIGA during the quarter, which will not repeat in the fourth quarter, and finally, we showed nice growth from our Amherst contract in Q3 that will start to wind down in Q4. Performance Chemicals saw sales up 2% and operating profits up 3% on high single digit year-over-year volume growth. These results were driven in part by record clear brine profits, driven by broad-based demand in the Middle East and Southeast Asian geographies, and the pickup late in September in Gulf of Mexico well completions. Growth was also driven by our portfolio of specialty Bromide Derivatives where sales were up 3% and profits were up 9% to a new record, driven in part by continued traction within food safety, which saw increased installations of our various antimicrobial products into the meat and poultry markets. Our water treatment and industrial solvents businesses also performed well. Overall, although we are optimistic about the prospects for Fine Chemistry growth in 2013, the fourth quarter will be weaker as Luke stated earlier due to the timing of certain custom services contracts and higher fixed cost absorption related to lower bromine utilization rates, more than offsetting further growth in performance chemicals and clear brine fluids. Turning to total company financial results. The pressure on our results was evidenced in EBITDA, excluding special items, which declined 12% year-over-year to $165 million and in profitability as measured by EBITDA margins, which fell 108 basis points to 25%. However, stepping back and looking at our results historically, it’s worth noting that comparatively speaking, during the last period that we saw similar operating conditions. Pick any quarter of 2009, EBITDA margins were in the mid to high teens, a stark contrast to current levels. So, overall while the returns our businesses generated against the current macro backdrop can be further improved, they provide evidence that the company’s earnings power is considerably higher than it has ever been before. Let me elaborate on the two special items we reported this quarter. One relates to a $4.1 million after-tax charge or $0.05 per share associated with our supplemental executive retirement or SERP plan, in connection with the retirement of our former CEO and Chairman. This charge arose as a result of recent lump sum payouts triggering accelerated recognition of certain expenses under our SERP plan. The other special item relates to a $4.5 million or $0.05 per share in one-time tax net benefits, principally related to the release of various liabilities for uncertain tax positions. The two special items largely offset one another resulting in no net income per share impact. Now, to highlight a few other P&L items. R&D expenses up 3% year-over-year – year-to-date, reflecting our investment in organic growth opportunities, including the strategic adjacency initiatives we have outlined as part of vision 2015. As a percent of revenue, R&D costs are running at about 3.0% versus 2.7% last year. Year-to-date, SG&A expense is down 8% on a year-over-year basis, principally driven by a combination of lower personnel-related cost and performance-based incentives. Specifically, in the third quarter, we adjusted our accruals for performance-based incentives to reflect our lower outlook, benefitting the P&L by about $8 million. We also saw the benefit of our cost reduction efforts in the range of $2 million to $3 million in SG&A. These costs are down slightly to 10.4% year-to-date. Pension expense has risen approximately $15 million year-to-date, including the special charge of $6.5 million pretax that we took this quarter for the SERP curtailment. The rest of the rise is due to a decline in the discount rate used to measure our pension obligations and lower-than-forecasted asset performance in 2011. We continue to expect pension expenses to rise roughly $20 million on an annualized basis this year, as we have noted throughout the year. However, our funded status remains quite strong nearly 100%, and we do not expect to make any meaningful cash contributions to our plans until 2014 at the earliest. Our reported effective tax rate for the quarter was 21.6%, including the benefit from the special item. Excluding special items and one-time tax discreet, the tax rate was 25.9%, up 80 basis points compared with the year-ago rate of 25.1%, driven primarily by the balance of profitability in higher tax countries versus lower tax. At this time, we continue to expect our full-year rate, excluding specials to be around 25.8%, no change from last quarter. Finally, from a foreign exchange standpoint, we estimate that year-to-date, the strengthening of the dollar primarily against the euro has resulted in approximately $32 million lower sales and $10 million lower operating profits. Of this, the impact in the third quarter alone was lower sales of $16 million and lower profit of $5 million or about $0.04 per share. If you persist near the current levels through the end of 2012, we estimate that the full-year impact will be on the order of approximately $45 million and $50 million respectively on sales and profits. Although EBITDA excluding special items declined during the quarter. Cash generation doubled sequentially to $122 million from $61 million due to a substantially lower working capital drag on cash. Specifically, working capital shifted from a use of $89 million last quarter to a drag of only $3 million this quarter, an $86 million delta.  Through year-end, we will remain focused on reducing working capital, which rose 160 basis points as a percentage of sales to 22.9% sequentially. Polymer Solution, which reduced inventory days by 10 days sequentially, was the only business to see a decline in inventory days. Besides further declines of polymers, we also expect declines in catalyst, in particular, where we built sufficient inventory to meet what’s expected to be a robust fourth quarter demand in HPC and ahead of scheduled maintenance shutdown in our HPC plants.  Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations, adding back pension and post-retirement contributions and subtracting capital expenditures, was $107 million through the first 9 months, excluding special items, down $109 million year-over-year due mostly to higher CapEx. Specifically, cash from operations to date of $306 million is up $21 million year-over-year or 7%, while CapEx to date of $218 is up $92 million year-over-year, reflecting continued investment in the major strategic projects we have commenced in South Korea, Saudi Arabia, Jordon, and here in the US. With the delayed third phase of the Jordanian expansion, which we announced last quarter, we still expect CapEx to be at approximately $275 million to $300 million for 2012, with roughly $75 million attributable to the JBC expansion.  Overall our balance sheet remains in excellent shape with net debt of $293 million, excluding $18 million in non-guaranteed debt from our JBC joint venture. This is up $20 million quarter-to-quarter, mainly due to higher CapEx and share repurchases. Net debt-to-EBITDA ended the period at 0.4 times and net debt-to-cap was 14%. We reduced long term debt by $41 million this quarter, primarily due to our restructuring of high cost debt in Asia. We made $18 million in dividend payments during the quarter, up 21% year-over-year, and year-to-date we completed $40 million in share repurchases. Our strong cash flow and low leverage continued to give us options and tremendous flexibility as we work toward vision 2015.  As an update at this time, we maintain the board authority to repurchase up to an additional 4.3 million shares left of a $5 million authorized under our existing share repurchase program. We would prefer to use our capital to support organic growth or acquisitions, we will continue to consider opportunities to repurchase our shares at times when valuations are attractive.  With that, I will turn the call back over to Lorin for Q&A.
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, at this time we are ready to open the floor for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar of Citigroup. Please proceed.
John Hertz – Citigroup: Yes, good morning. This is John Hertz [ph] on for P.J. this morning.
Luke Kissam: Hi John.
Scott Tozier: Hi John.
John Hertz – Citigroup: Regarding your comments that overall 4Q should be a little bit worse than 3Q, which it sounds like it’s primarily a function of Polymer Solutions. Is it reasonable to think that Polymer Solutions’ profit could be down on a year-over-year basis in 4Q?
Luke Kissam: I think if you look at it on a year-over-year basis that’s kind of the range that you are looking at.
John Hertz – Citigroup: Okay. As an extension of that, do you think a sequential pickup in catalyst could offset that quarter-over-quarter decline in Polymers?
Luke Kissam: I think you will see nice pickup sequentially in catalyst but I also think we are going to have is we have tried to reiterate on the call, you are going to see some weakness in Fine Chemistry relative to some significant contracts that we won’t be running in the fourth quarter, we won’t have the benefit of and some cost absorptions. So, if you look at it, I don’t think that the increase in catalyst will be enough to overcome the weakness in Polymers and Fine in the fourth quarter.
John Hertz – Citigroup: Okay. Can you talk about where exactly your Bromine operating rates are today and what are your expectations are for the rest of the year? As an extension of that, do you need to lower your operating rates even more to kind of keep inventories under control?
Luke Kissam: Yes. If you look at our Bromine operating rates and it’s difficult to do, but if you look at our overall Bromine operating rates, they were in the third quarter kind of in the mid-70s for Bromine itself and I would expect that to drop probably to the mid-60s, mid to high 60s in the fourth quarter. If you look at our BFRs, BFRs are probably running in the range of – this is all Brominated Flame Retardants, probably at about 50% in the third quarter and I would expect to see that drop to the low 40s in the fourth quarter, which would mean obviously when you look at that that some of our (inaudible) we expect and those would run pretty hard in some of specialty Bromine run pretty hard in the fourth quarter.
John Hertz – Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Thank you, good morning.
Luke Kissam: Hi David.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Luke, you commented on Bromine FR pricing sequentially year-over-year, any pressures you are seeing there?
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think if you look at, specifically Brominated Flame Retardants pricing, if you look sequentially in construction where we sell Brominated Flame Retardants in the constructions we saw a pretty significant decline in pricing. But it was really, if you remember in the last call we talked about a key raw material that goes into HPC called CDDT [ph], there was an explosion of one of the key raw material supplies in the third quarter that allowed, that there was tremendous demand that allowed some pricing there for people who really worried about whether or not they were going to supply. So, we have seen a drop down to what I would call a more normal rate, nothing for us to get along about long term from HPCD standpoint. As you typically see, Tetrabrom, you see a little nibbling around the edges, I would say, maybe sequentially probably 3% to 4%, something like that. But we are also seeing the evidence now of it tracked backup and that’s mainly in Asia. So, overall Brominated Flame Retardants seem to be holding well with those two caveats, David.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: And just on Bromine for volume, any market share losses given the consumer environmental issues or was it just purely end market weakness driving lower volumes here?
Luke Kissam: We do not believe that there has been any share loss for Albemarle from Brominated Flame Retardants standpoint. I am trying to figure out a way to give you guys a view on the level of the production and level of the sales. So, I want to go back and this is for all Brominated Flame Retardants. So, if you less index of the first half of 2009, if we index of the first half of 2009 and you look to the first half of 2011, Brominated Flame Retardants were at 186% of what they were in the first half of 2009, so almost doubled. During the third quarter of 2012, we were roughly a 120%, 130% of those volumes in the first half of 2009 and the fourth quarter will be down a little bit more than that. If you look at that on the edges, electronics would probably been a little bit better than that, construction probably a little worse than that in the quarter. So, I don’t think there has been any market shift from a market share standpoint. It looks like to us it’s all macroeconomics. But we are consistently watching it and making sure that we are bringing new products to the market that allow us to maintain that competitive edge.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, good morning gentlemen.
Luke Kissam: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Scott, I think you had commented that Polymer Solutions’ inventory days declined by about 10 days in the quarter. I was wondering if you could tell us what the before and after numbers were for that business? Also, at the end of the quarter, how would you characterize Polymer Solutions’ inventory levels relative to what you would consider a normal level for that business, is it 20% above or 50% above, how should we think about that?
Scott Tozier: Yes, I think Kevin, overall for the company you are going to see as you do the calculations that our inventory days are holding flat right now at around 65 based on revenues, so days sales in inventory, which is higher than what we would like it to be. Normally, we would like it to be for the total company kind of in the mid-50 range and continue to become more efficient there. As we said on the call also, we have built some catalyst inventory on purpose in HPC, in particular, as we have a heavy fourth quarter shipments and we have some shutdowns for some turnarounds in HPC in the fourth quarter. For Polymer Solutions, we have also seen, as I mentioned we have declines, we typically like to see them kind of in the mid-70 range, maybe a little bit lower than that as they become more efficient. So, hopefully we will be at that level by year end.
Luke Kissam: Kevin, this is Luke. If I could find what steady state for that business was going to be based upon the demand that we see it, just jerks around so quickly based on where we are on that supply chain. But what I would tell you is, if you listen to the call here, we have got cost loss absorption of roughly $16 million to hit that business in the third quarter and we will have about $20 million to hit it in the fourth quarter to give you the kind of idea where we are looking to go with inventory in that business.
Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: It’s really helpful. I appreciate it. As a second question on performance catalyst solutions, I think you had indicated that you see that as a one quarter issue and I was wondering if you just elaborate on what’s giving you confidence that the pressure there is transitory in nature?
Luke Kissam: Yes, sure. We had a number of big customers in the Middle East who had shutdowns in the quarter related to turnarounds. So, multi-week turnarounds that impacted our volume there. They are back up and running and we are seeing the shipments resume. For one of them, it was actually tying where they are building another unit. So, in the longer term that will mean more volume for us as we keep that customer. So, as we look to that we are seeing everything in our order book and with our customers that would indicate that we are back on track and it just happened that those number of those customers all had their turnaround in the same quarter.
Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander of Jefferies. Please proceed.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Good morning.
Luke Kissam: Hi, Laurence.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: I guess, first question just on cash flow. Can you parse out the pricing trends for each of the categories Polyolefin, FCC and HPC excluding metal pass-through? And then tie that pricing trend commentary to the 40% drop in profits?
Luke Kissam: What I would generally say on that is, as we have said in the past, you got to be really careful about the mix issue on that. It’s complicated even further about that we got the raw material for (inaudible). So, if you look at where we are, catalyst base pricing from an FCC standpoint is holding very strong, sequentially enhancing any degradation of that and it continues to hold well. From HPC, we are seeing good pricing, we got a little bit of metal pass throughs from marle, nickel, and cobalt impacting the revenue lines, but that’s a straight pass through. So, I don’t have a whole lot of profitability impact. On PCS, pricing remain strong there. We have seen a little bit around the edges, but nothing substantial and it continues to be very strong and very profitable from an R&D standpoint. But Scott can go into a little bit more details.
Scott Tozier: Yes, I will just add. HPC is a difficult one because it’s very customer specific customized solutions. So, pricing is a difficult measure to have there. So, Luke is right, the base pricing is holding well. PCS is also affected by mix. We have got a lot of different products as that business grows, but again, the pricing seems to be holding well.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Your press release had some initial cautious comments on Polymer Solutions out through the Chinese New Year. As you are taking us sort of early glimpse of 2013, what tailwinds or do you have that you can actually point to a solid already sort of effectively in the bag that we should all start against fairly soft demand environment?
Luke Kissam: You are talking about overall corporation?
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Overall corporation.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think you will see – I think Fine Chemistry services is going to continue to see very nice growth. Over that I think clear brines, we’ve seen a pick up in the Gulf in September. So, we’re beginning to see some of those clear completion fluids orders. And clear completion fluids should have a very strong fourth quarter building to a very strong 2013. Continue to see good growth in that business, so I think Fine Chemistry services has some tail winds behind it that we feel really strong about it. And on those customs service’s contracts, the contracts are done and we know we’re going to get that volume. So, we feel really good that we can put that in the bank and go with it. We also feel good about the continued growth in our catalyst business. So I think you’re going to see that or return, once we get all this behind us and you’ll see that and probably there’ll be a little bit of roll over in the first quarter of 2013. But as a general rule, it should be behind us, and I think we’ll continue to see strong volumes in FCC and HPC in growth in our PCS business. We’ll have Korea coming on line in the second half of the year, which would give us a nice little boost there. So, I think there is some catalyst tail winds that we’re counting on and counting on both Catalyst and Fine Chemistry to grow past single, double digit type of growth in 2013, but again we’re working on the AOP and I’ll get more details to that to you in January launch.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: If I can just clarify in Polymer Solutions, is there any room for shrinking the business or cost cutting further?
Luke Kissam: Yeah. I think there is always room for cost cutting. If you look at what we’ve done across our portfolio, but it won’t be focused just on Polymer Solutions. If you remember in 2009, a lot of that plan C that we implemented was focused on Polymer Solution. And there is still good growth opportunities there. When that business, the macroeconomic trends turn right with the pricing and the cost position that we have in that business, every incremental pound contributes it is very profitable for us. So it’s a strong business, we’re looking forward to seeing it grow next year when we get some help from the economy, and I feel good about it overall. There is not another $160 million for me to go out there and cut loss. There is some cost savings that everybody would do from a common sense standpoint from travel, from incentives, from pay, from all of that, from hiring and replacing people. But I don’t have another $160 million that we can go out there and cut. It wouldn’t be the right thing for the business and to grow the business.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Thank you.  
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Ritzenthaler of Piper Jaffray
Mike Ritzenthaler – Piper Jaffray: Hi good morning guys. Can you talk a little bit more about the growth for NBPT[ph], is it the international distribution that’s driving the growth there and given the domestic nitrogen bombs are having some of the fertilizer companies for this fall, I guess is there any risk of shortage or maybe I guess I would have expected maybe 4Q to be a little bit stronger because of the nitrogen volumes?
Luke Kissam: No, I think that long term that business is in great shape, we don’t see that there is an issue with shortness in the fourth quarter or shortness anywhere else and I think begins that they’ve always had a plan from an international standpoint to expand that business and position us to get assets outside of U.S. So we are working with that and hope we grow with that business and feel really good about it both in the short and long term.
Mike Ritzenthaler – Piper Jaffray:  Okay and then, is there anything outside of connector and circuit board and market release, that could solve these (inaudible) bromine volume problems. Could you give us a sense of maybe for your share in the early stages of Mercury abatement or any of the end markets that brominated (inaudible)?
Luke Kissam: I think that, if you look again from a flame retardant standpoint, we have some good opportunities and some additional markets for some new products that we’re pushing at it and we talked about in the past probably Gemini, Green Armor and some other products there that could be a nice growth over the next two to three years for us. If you look outside the use of the brominated flame retardants, we’re putting together a bromine task force and we’ve got together a bromine task force and that, the job of that group is to come up with new uses for bromine, not just the new flame retardants. We got a group working on that, but its what’s the another use for bromine and how can we drive more uses of bromine. And we’re excited about some of the possibilities of that still very very early stage, but a lot of good work and good thought process is going on in there. We don’t have a big market share of the mercury control market today and we’re not in the Section 45 in the U.S for mercury control with those clear completion fluids and until we get meaningful regulations in the U.S. and abroad that market is going to be slow. So I think we’re doing things in our specially bromide business, that we’ve seen nice growth there. We talked about that would drive new uses for bromine and this is just going to be a continuation of finding new ways, gaining some market in a cost effective manner that allows to grow uses of that molecule.
Scott Tozier: And look at that in the shorter term clear brine fluids, clearly one that we’re excited about, literally in the last week of September, where we had some significant shipments that helped us to deliver the results that we did and we’re expecting that to continue through 2013. The growth that we’ve seen in food safety as well as some of our industrial bromides like in water treatment are all showing really good signs of attraction and so all support over that bromine molecules. So, once the economy starts a turn around, we’ll see that flame retardant business pick back up as well.
Mike Ritzenthaler – Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks – (inaudible)
Operator: And you next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan, please proceed. 
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Hi good morning. You talked about your relatively low utilization rates and brominated flame retardants. I think you talked about them being in 60’s and being a little puffer in the fourth quarter. So does it make sense to postpone the Jordanian capacity coming on, because it doesn’t seem that you need that. And I would imagine that all of the bromine companies expanded capacity and expectation of the mercury removal markets coming along much faster than they did, or than they will. And so how is the industry going to manage the situation that there seems to be much too much capacity for a slow growing volume business?
Luke Kissam: Hey Jeff, that’s a great question. If you look at the utilization rates for our brominated flame retardants, you remember we have delayed not just the start up but the commencement of the expansion of our tetrabrom expansion in Jordan. So we’re not bringing that online, we haven’t even started construction of that yet. So, we have postponed that tetrabrom expansion. If you look at Bromine and you look at Clear Completion Fluids as it’s growing, those capacity rates for clear completion fluids are getting tighter, and so we needed some additional clear completion fluids capacity, we got that, it’s coming online and it will be able to service the customers.  With respect to bromine it didn’t make any sense to expand clear completions without expanding the bromine at the same time in Jordan. I’m not aware of other announcements by ICL (inaudible) acquired are now some acquisitions to Salah Russel, so that would be some additional capacity that they would have, but that’s not a new capacity, it’s already out there. But I think that what we’re going to do and I can’t speak for the others is, I have no intention of flooding the market with bromine. We’re going to bring that online as needed to meet the demand. It is not going to be a situation where I feel compelled by any stress to run that at a 100% capacity on day 1 and we will not operate at that way.
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan:  And then for my second question, can you review what the rate of demand growth has been for the nine months for fluid cracking catalysts versus HPC catalysts. My impression is that FCC has grown much faster and I was wondering if that were the case, why is the demand profile so much stronger in FCC than it is in HPC?
Luke Kissam: If you’re looking at it from a volume metrics standpoint, okay Jeff, is that your question?
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Yes, that’s exactly right.
Luke Kissam: From a volume metric standpoint, that’s the case. And one of the things that we saw in the third quarter in particularly, where FCC volumes were up, we had some customers buying ahead of a potential west coast strike that they were worried about in the third quarter. That strike has since been settled, but they were buying ahead of that. I think our HPC volumes this year will be relatively what they were in 2011, so pretty flat and we’ve made good head winds, good head way in the FCC markets, I think a lot of it is deals with the heavy resid and the cracking up there with the propylene yields that we are able to provide at higher output on the FCC catalysts, then in part some of our competitors have been. So, I think that crude slide is helping us there, it’s kind of in our sweet spot in FCC and HPC has been strong, it just hasn’t grown like FCC has from a volume metric basis.
Scott Tozier: I would just add too Jeff, that we’re seeing good growth internationally as those refineries are operating in India, Middle East and we’re seeing the benefit of that in FCC.
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: In the interest of time, our final question will come from the line of Mike Sison of KeyBanc, please proceed.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Hey guys, thanks for taking the call. Given the rough start in Polymer Solutions likely to see in the first quarter of ’13 or so in the first half you talked about, weak demand. Is it possible to grow earnings next year?
Luke Kissam: Oh yes, it is possible to grow earnings next year.  
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Okay, and then when you take a look at Fine Chemicals and catalyst you got lined at your Analyst Day that ‘13 could be a year where we see that trajectory to 15 to come to fruition and so if you think about all the things you can control, your management team can control for those two businesses, is it possible that ‘13 will shape up where sort of that trajectory to you 15 goals seem still pretty feasible for those two segments?
Luke Kissam: Yeah, I do. I think what you’re going to see is, you know remember there was a range and some of that was organic growth and some other was with an (inaudible). So, I am just talking about organic growth right now. And I think you’re going to see that the Fine Chemistry and catalyst are going to be on a trajectory to put it right in that gap where we talked about where we would be. And I think Polymers, the count is going to come back and we are going to see that growth to that business and when it returns, you’re going to see really really strong earnings coming out of that business, just like we had before. So, I’m still remaining confident that we’re going to be in the sweet spot long term for vision 2015 strategy on what we said we’re going to deliver from each of our businesses.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Great, and last question since I am the last. Your balance sheet is still pretty good and you see other companies (inaudible) obviously take some pretty big risks and go after some nice businesses, any thoughts there? Are there any opportunities for you to generate some pretty good growth and the flow in economy may be acquisition?
Luke Kissam: Yeah, I think we’re still looking at acquisitions in the market-to-date but we’re going to take the same kind of measured approach that we have, and it fits within an overall strategy and grows out technological base. And it’s one that where it’s not going to loot our earnings and its going to be one that we think we can manage. I’m not going to go do an acquisition just because interest rates are low and we want to do one. We’re going to do an acquisition that makes sense for the strategy for this business to grow up to vision 2015 and beyond.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Got it, thank you very much.
Operator: At this time I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw for closing remarks.
Lorin Crenshaw: Sure, now well we just like to thank everyone for their time and attention and encourage you to call with further questions.
Operator: Thank you very much, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Lorin Crenshaw – Director of Investor Relations & Communications Luther C. Kissam, IV – Chief Executive Officer & Director John M. Steitz – President & Chief Operating Officer Scott A. Tozier – Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President & Chief Risk Officer
Analyst: David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank Securities PJ Juvekar – Citi Laurence Alexander – Jefferies & Co. Analyst for Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mike Ritzenthaler – Piper Jaffray Jeffery Zekauskas – JP Morgan Michael Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets Steven Schwartz – First Analysis Corp. Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co. Christopher Shaw – Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co. 
Operator: Welcome to the Albermarle Corporation earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in listen only mode. We will be facilitating a question and answer session towards the end of today’s conference. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host Mr. Lorin Crenshaw, Director of Investor Relations and Communications.
Luther C. Kissam, IV : Welcome everyone to Albermarle’s second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you’ll find out press release, earnings presentation, and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the investor’s section at www.Albermarle.com. Joining me on the call today are [Lu] Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; John Steitz, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer.  As a reminder, some of the matters discussed during this conference call and webcast may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Also, to the extent we discuss any non-GAAP financial measures, you will find reconciliations in our press release which is posted on our website at www.Albermarle.com. With that I’ll turn the call over to [Lu].
Luther C. Kissam, IV : We appreciate the opportunity to share our second quarter financial results with you today. I’ll begin by commenting on the company’s quarterly results and share the updates related to some of our capital expansions as well as touch on our views for the rest of the year. John Steitz will then walk you through the business segment performance before Scott Tozier reviews select financial highlights. As usual, at the end of our prepared remarks we’ll open it up for your questions. I’m pleased to report second quarter results that reflect the continuation of our solid start to 2012 across each of our segments. For the quarter, our net income before special items was $111 million or $1.24 per share up 1% year-over-year. Net sales were $685 million down 8% year-over-year. Year-to-date our earnings have exceeded levels achieved in 2011 despite what I would categorize as a more challenging economic environment this year. EBTIDA for the quarter before special items was $181 million up 2% year-over-year and for the first six months EBITDA was $357 million before special items, also up 2% year-over-year. In the first half of 2012 volume gains in FCC catalysts and performance catalyst solutions coupled with strategic pricing moves and great cost management and execution on the manufacturing side offset lower volumes in polymer solutions and HPC catalysts allowing us to deliver a better financial performance than in the first half of 2011.  As John will discuss in more detail later, during the second quarter record fine chemistry results reflected continued strength in bromine & derivatives and continued growth in our contract manufacturing franchise. Polymer delivered its second straight quarter of meaningful sequential earnings and margin improvements. Catalysts delivered year-over-year earnings growth but slipped sequentially and versus our expectations at the beginning of the year as HPC catalysts saw more pronounced seasonal decline in volume of fresh catalyst than usual.  As we’ve said frequently over the years the relatively long sales cycle ranging from between 18 months and three years, depending on the customer, and the large nature of HPC orders makes forecasting inherently complex quarter-to-quarter. It’s important to note that we maintained our HPC market share during the second quarter where we were the incumbent supplier we supplied the vast majority of resales in the quarter.  We even picked up a couple hundred net tons in situations where we were not the incumbent. This was simply a quarter when not many of the units we supply were up for resale. Fundamentally our catalyst franchise overall is maintaining market share, remains healthy, and continues to enjoy excellent competitive positioning and growth prospects.  At this time I’d like to elaborate a little on the special item we reported this quarter related to approximately $95 million, $74 million after tax or $0.82 per share of charges related to our previously announced plans to exit the phosphorous flame retardant business. The cash outlay related to this exit is expected to be in the $5 to $15 million range with a payback in approximately one year.  Earning wise, full year 2013 should benefit by somewhere between $0.10 and $0.13 per share from this action. We have a history of managing assets that are not meeting our performance targets and our sites in Avonmouth and Nanjing were disadvantage from a location, scale and product mix standpoint. The charges taken should be sufficient to cover all exit costs and this decision will not impact our ability to achieve 2015.  Although our recent deep dive portfolio review is complete, you should expect us to remain vigilant to ensure all of our businesses meet the challenging return hurdles that we have set. I would like to emphasis that we remain committed to Project Gemini, a phosphorous based flame retardant with applications in high end servers and other attractive markets. In fact, we’re scheduled to launch our Project Gemini project towards the end of this year. Shutting down Nanjing and Avonmouth will have no impact on our ability to launch or grow this exciting new proprietary technology. With regard to our major capital projects we continue to proceed with the first two phases of our bromine expansion in Jordan. The initial phase for the bromine expansion should be completed this summer and will double the elemental bromine capacity in Jordan. While the second phase which will double capacity for completion fluids in HBr is also on track for completion by year end. However, we have recently decided to delay the third and final phase of the expansion which would double our tetrabromide capacity.  Since we first announced this expansion project last spring we have consistently reiterated our commitment to being good stewards of bromine and to bring this capacity online as needed to meet market demands. At this point it appears that the long range forecasted demand for brominated derivatives can be supplied by the current bromine balances in Magnolia and Jordan. Of course, we retain maximum strategic flexibility and a competitive advantage as the only company with readily expandable assets in both of the world’s most prolific bromine producing regions. We are at a point where the design package for tetrabromide expansion is complete so it’s a logical place to hold. We will be able to restart the expansion in relatively short order as warranted.  With respect to the three performance catalyst solutions related expansions we’ve commenced, the TEA joint venture in Saudi Arabia, the catalyst center in Korea, and the specialty catalyst capacity expansions in the US all are on track, within budget, and projected to come online by year end. The investment rationale supporting these efforts is quite strong with long running industry and megatrends driving market demand for this capacity. The US and Korean expansions will allow us to maintain our leading global position in organometallics and advance our competitive positioning within electronic materials. While the world scale TEA joint venture in Saudi will be the first aluminum alkyl facility in the Middle East satisfying demand and the need for security of supply in that region of the world.  Coming into 2012 we knew we’d face a tough year in terms of growth given our exceptional 2011 results and uncertain global economic outlook, price of consumer confidence and questions surrounding rare earth prices. Six months into the year these headwinds have persisted and we expect to continue effectively managing through them. During the second quarter we saw a deterioration of certain of the indicators we used to gage the health of the markets our business serve, particularly with respect to electronics. Among the many indicators we monitor include the IPC book-to-bill ratio which remained above parity at 1.02 [inaudible] but has trended down the past two months. This contrast with the reading three months ago of 1.04 that has been trended up for three straight months.  We also monitor Global Connector Conference as published by The Bishop Report. Three months ago this report showed a March reading of 65.4 with four straight months of increases. By contrast the June reading registered 44.1 and has fallen sharply in the past two months. As a result our current thinking is that the likelihood of a second half electronics recovery has substantially diminished over the past three months. Instead, a plateau seems more likely as best we can tell at the present time in which case assuming we don’t see further deterioration in these key end markets we would expect second half polymer solution performance levels to resemble the first half rather than show further sequential improvement. Other indicators for our business continued to show strength and bode well for the balance of the year including international, offshore, and Gulf of Mexico rig counts. Although, I would note that most recently the deep water rig count in the Gulf was still only 19 versus the 33 deep water rigs that were in service before the BP oil spill. Refinery margins remain fairly solid in most areas of the world and refinery conversion capacity growth seems to be trending up and to date bromine prices are holding up well.  In closing, we’ve previously talked about our expectations for global economic expansion in the second half, that now does not appear to be the case. As a result, we expect that our businesses will generate earnings for the full year flat to modestly higher than in 2011 and end the year having made further progress towards the strategic goals we outlined as a part of Vision 2015. This will set us up nicely for 2013 when the impact of the major investments I discussed earlier should become positive contributors to our financial results.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to John to discuss our operational performance for the quarter.
John M. Steitz : I’ll begin with catalyst which reported second quarter net sales of $229 million down 14% year-over-year, segment income of $67 million up 2% year-over-year, and segment margins of 29.3% up 470 basis points year-over-year. HPC revenues were down $60 million in the second quarter compared to both second quarter of last year and the last quarter. This is without doubt the reason or the company’s revenue decline this quarter. We are encouraged that we will have a stronger second half resulting in growth for our HPC business this year. We are also encouraged by an increasingly sour crude slate and trends of improving global air quality. For example, recently Russia has instituted a 10 ppm sulfur standard for gasoline and diesel to be in place by the end of 2014 with incentives for early adoption. FCC fundamentals were quite strong with double digit volume gains compared to a weak second quarter of last year. We experienced a combination of improved operating rates among certain large US customers along with growth in emerging markets. Higher base pricing is improving the bottom line and the available crude slate continues to become heavier, more complex, and more inconsistent. FCC will continue however to face second half top line headwinds due to lower rare earth pricing.  Our performance catalyst solutions business continues to deliver strong results year-to-date and during the quarter saw operating profits rise 26% year-over-year, unit volumes up mid single digits year-over-year and profitability step up by 500 basis points. The PCS division’s results were principally driven by the core polymer catalyst group where operating profits rose over 30% driven by a continuation of long term trends, driving growth including capacity expansions among customers to meet increased demand for plastics in developing markets in particular and continued conversion in capacity among customers in developed markets working towards higher value specialty plastics which require our high performing metallocene activators.  Moving on to polymer solutions, we were pleased to see a continued profit recovery in this business and broad based sequential volume growth across most end markets. Net sales for the quarter of $247 million were down 15% year-over-year and rose 8% quarter-on-quarter while segment income of $64 million was down 17% year-over-year compared to a record but rose 20% versus the prior quarter. Although the first half year-over-year comparisons have not shown gains given the strength of the comparable period, sequential volume and profit gains were fairly broad based across our fire safety portfolio with connectors, wire and cable, and the construction end markets exhibiting a good tone while printed wiring board demand, which impacts our tetrabrome sales remains sluggish. As a result overall, while brominated flame retardant sales and operating profits were down 17% year-over-year respectively, they rose 11% and 19% sequentially and mineral flame retardant profits were also stronger sequentially up nearly 20% as strength in Asia and the Middle East offset softer European construction and automotive end markets.  As we enter the third quarter, the July order book trends indicate an improvement over last year. Overall it appears to support our current view that volumes are more likely to be flat to up modestly in the third quarter. We remain focused on closely tracking our customer needs and managing our cash employed.  Fine chemistry has established an impressive growth and profitability pace year-to-date and generated record net sales of $209 million this quarter, up 13% year-over-year and record segment income of $44 million up 17% year-over-year. Segment margins of 21% also represented an all time record and were up 80 basis points year-over-year. Fine chemistry services results were particularly strong with sales up 33% and operating profits up 67% while performance chemicals sales were up 5% and operating profits down 5% from last year’s record quarter for this division. The outstanding year-over-year growth in fine chemistry services was mainly driven by record custom service profits which nearly doubled year-over-year. New contracts and growth of existing contracts across high viscosity lubricants, ag intermediates, and specialty pharma contributed to this growth. Upside was also attributable to increased demand for our NBPT product for use as a fertilizer stabilizer. Overall, the level of inquiries and estimated size of our current pipeline has never been higher within fine chemistry services which bodes well for the balance of the year and 2013. Performance chemical strivers this quarter included sequential improvement in clear brine fluid volumes which continued gaining momentum as international offshore rig counts remain at healthy levels. Growth remains biased towards developing markets while the eventual tailwind of a rejuvenated Gulf of Mexico is still expected to be more second half weighted. This division also benefited from record performance within our specialty bromine derivatives portfolio reflecting excellent growth and in some instances new product traction across our food safety, water treatment, and industrial cleaning businesses. We entered 2012 with the view that fine chemistry would deliver the greatest percentage earnings growth among all of our GBUs. The business has certainly delivered through the first half and maintains a positive outlook for the balance of the year. With that, I’ll turn it over to Scott to discuss our financial results in greater detail.
Scott A. Tozier : In light of the current environment, we are pleased to have delivered first half financial results that show improved earnings generation and profitability levels year-over-year with operating profits and EBITDA excluding specialty items up low single digits and profitability as measured by EBITDA margins up 244 basis points to 26.4%.  Let me start by highlighting a few P&L items. R&D expense is up 6% year-over-year through the first half of the year reflecting our investment in organic growth opportunities including the strategic adjacency initiatives we have outlined as part of Vision 2015. As a percent of revenue, R&D costs were up 25 basis points to 2.9% versus 2.6% for the comparable period in 2011. Through six months, SG&A expense is down slightly on a year-over-year basis principally driven by lower personal related costs and sales commissions. Year-to-date as a percentage of sales these costs are up slightly by 28 basis points to 11.1%. Pension expense has risen over $5 million year-to-date on a year-over-year basis due to a decline in the discount rate used to measure our pension obligations and lower than forecasted asset performance in 2011. We continue to expect pension expenses to rise roughly $20 million on an annualized basis this year as we have noted throughout the year. However, our funded status remains quite strong, nearly 100% and we do not expect to need to make any meaningful cash contributes to our plans until 2014 at the earliest.  Our effective tax rate for the quarter excluding specials was 26% up 430 basis points compared with the year ago rate of 21.7% driven primarily by increased profitability at higher tax rate countries, most notably in the US, and changes in tax regulations. At this time we continue to expect our full year rate excluding specials to be around 25.7%.  Finally, from a foreign exchange standpoint we estimate that year-to-date the strengthening of the dollar primarily against the Euro has resulted in approximately a $15 million lower revenue and $2 million lower operating profits. If it persists near current levels through the end of 2012 we estimate that the second half impact would be on the order of approximately $35 million lower revenue and $5 million lower operating profit.  Although EBITDA excluding special items grew during the quarter, cash generation slowed due to higher working capital levels. Specifically net working capital rose $55 million during the quarter and is up $94 million versus yearend or 18% due to higher inventory levels built in anticipation of increased market demand and plant shutdowns due to turnaround and cap ex projects particularly in HPC catalyst and flame retardants. We also saw higher accounts receivable levels given our strong June sales.  Net working capital was 21% of revenue at quarter end down 155 basis points year-over-year but up 358 basis points from year end. With our expectations for second half recovery having been revised we will tightly manage inventory levels through the balance of the year to reflect end market realities. This may result in some decree of lower factory utilization vis-à-vis our prior second half expectations.  Receivables remain good quality with our past dues at only 8% and of note, our European customers are paying on time with no indication that this trend will change. Overall, our balance sheet remains in excellent shape with net debt of $274 million excluding $19 million in non-guaranteed debt from our JBC joint venture. This is up $58 million quarter-over-quarter mainly due to the higher working capital.  Net debt to EBITDA ended the period at only .4 times and net debt to cap was 14%. Our strong cash and low leverage continue to give us options and tremendous flexibility as we work towards Vision 2015. Free cash flow defined as cash flow from operations adding back pension and close retirement contributions and subtracting capital expenditures was $63 million through the first six months excluding special items, down $71 million year-over-year due to a combination of the higher working capital and higher cap ex.  Specifically cash from operations to date of $190 million is down $12 million year-over-year or 6% mainly due to higher working capital spending. While cap ex to date of $127 million is up $59 million year-over-year reflecting continued investment in the major strategic projects we’ve commenced in South Korea, Jordan and here in the US. With the delayed third phase of the Jordanian expansion, we now expect cap ex to be approximately $275 million for 2012 with roughly $75 million attributable to that expansion.  Finally, we made $18 million in dividend payments during the quarter, up 19% year-over-year and completed $14 million in share repurchases. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Lorin for Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank Securities.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank Securities: With respect to your lower guidance can you go through by segment where the biggest deltas are versus what you gave us back in April?
Luther C. Kissam, IV : I think if you really look at catalyst we’ve got really tough comp and we talked about 80/80/80 if you remember that, those were the kind of numbers and I think as we build back towards the fourth quarter we’ll get there. I think we’ll be a little bit lower than that in the third, hopefully we can work to get up there but we’ll be lower in the third and probably at that or above in the fourth as we build on that HPC volume back. I think that we’ll also see – I’m confident in fine chemical’s ability to be around that 40 range and then it remains to be seen what’s going to happen with polymers. We’re seeing a different – if you listen to my comments, we’re seeing different end market movements and the trends are different than they were in the first quarter so it remains to be seen what kind of that recovery is. We think it’s going to be flat rather than continue the sequential improvement so I think the polymers would probably be closer to what it is the first half and we wouldn’t see that continued sequential growth.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank Securities: John, with respect to bromine [F4] pricing, I know the deck says overall pricing is holding. I know stock pricing for bromines have been a little bit weaker. Any signs of weakness in your bromine [F4] pricing even in pockets?
John M. Steitz : Let me give you a little commentary on that because overall it’s a very positive story for us. If you look at the entire brominated flame retardant portfolio, prices are up both year-over-year and sequentially here over 10%. If you strip out tetrabrome our prices are up year-over-year just under 20%. So I think we’re really positioning the business very well when volume resumes at more normalized levels. Tetrabrome is down a little bit sequentially but we’re talking in the 2% to 3% range so it’s really held up very, very well.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank Securities: FCC I know was a weak quarter a year ago, but are you gaining any share in FCCs?
John M. Steitz : I think to answer your question, no. I think our particular situation if you compare it to last year, we had a number of large customers who had significant down time and that really affected our volumes last year. So we’re seeing now positive trends year-over-year for certain and normal seasonal sequential improvements as well. I think the overall market is being aided a bit by this ethanol situation related corn too. I think there’s a higher amount of gasoline and diesel from petroleum basis rather than a lot of the ethanol that had been used previously.
Operator:  Your next question comes from PJ Juvekar – Citi.
PJ Juvekar – Citi: In catalyst your top line was down 14% but margins were up. Can you just discuss how much of the top line was from lower HPC volumes and lower rare earth prices?
John M. Steitz : Really if you look at the decline both sequentially and year-over-year it’s really all HPC. With HPC we had a unique set of circumstances. We had metal prices declining, that was part of it. We had an exceptionally profitable order go out in the second quarter of last year so mix was a bit of an issue for us and then we had volume declines year-over-year. We also had a pretty good size order slip because of some bureaucratic issues in the Middle East, slipped into July. But it is really all HPC.  Now, FCC we did have rare earth indexing on the pricing impact and my guess is that’s between $10 and $15 million of year-over-year declines so hopefully that kind of frames it up for you. But, overall we’re very pleased with the margin holding up at 29% plus so that was very positive and I think positions us well for the future.
PJ Juvekar – Citi: Would you say that your margins in HPC and FCC are comparable at this point? 
John M. Steitz : Yes, I’d say that all three businesses in our catalyst portfolio have comparable margins at this point.
PJ Juvekar – Citi: Just on bromine in electronics, I know you don’t sell much in bromine but can you tell us what’s happening to [merchant] bromine prices in China and then what’s happening to clear brine’s pricing?
John M. Steitz : Pricing in China is down a bit compared to where it was last year. Our elemental bromine pricing is heading very steady around $4,000 a ton so again, I think we’re positioned when we see some volume improvement across the portfolio. In clear brines we’ve had some really nice traction in terms of pricing. Year-over-year pricing is up by 14% and sequentially about 10% so once again positioned very well for continued improvement.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Laurence Alexander – Jefferies & Co.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies & Co.: I guess two questions, first how much of an earnings headwind do you think you will get in the back half of the year from better working capital management and how much do you expect to reduce your working capital?
Luther C. Kissam, IV : It’s always difficult to say exactly what we’re going to get a headwind from a volume variance because that’s what we’re talking about. If you look at that range it can be somewhere in the range from anywhere from $20 to $35 million kind of range of a volume variance in the second half for us to manage to the working capital levels that we think are appropriate going forward. I’d say that part of that – I have to be mindful that in HPC catalyst where we’ve built some inventory that was done and it has to be done to meet the fourth quarter demand as well as the first quarter of 2013 demand because we’ve got some turnarounds at our own units and we’ve got some capital projects that are going to benefit us in the long run to give us more flexibility in those assets.  We knew those units were going to be down. We always anticipated that we were going to be building that inventory and that it would be worked down over the course of the fourth quarter. W e were also, if you remember, end of the first quarter thought we were going to have an increase in the electronic demand, that’s where the indices were tracking, we now see that so where it’s going to hit us really is going to be in polymers and maybe a little ripple back into fine chemicals for the bromine production. But that would be the kind of range that we think we’ll see in the second half. 
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies & Co.: Can you speak a little bit about trends in curatives and stabilizers and whether you think there’s going to be any destocking [inaudible] in the back half?
John M. Steitz : Stabilizers and curatives, I think we’re in a really good position on curatives. If you look at the business sequentially volumes were up sequentially about 10% which is a good sign. I think we went through a fair amount of destocking in additives in the back half of last year so we always had a view that we could grow the business year-over-year this year in both stabilizers and curatives and that’s still our projection it hasn’t changed. So I think we’re pretty well positioned there and have worked through the destocking issues of the back half of last year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Analyst for Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs.
Analyst for Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: I had a question on the fine chemistry, were the positive trends you saw in the quarter pretty consistent month-to-month or were there any changes?
John M. Steitz : No, I’d say pretty consistent. It’s a business that we can predict with a fair amount of accuracy. The only exception to that is clear brines tends to be fairly lumpy but I think that was more heavily weighted in June compared to the other months. Then fine chemistry services was pretty steady. Our ag businesses, specialty ag and the NBPT product pretty steady through the course of the quarter. This BioTerra drug, small pox drug for SIGA was pretty much we may produce that through the course of the quarter and made more shipments in June, but we had always expected that so pretty steady in that business.
Analyst for Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: How would things have looked without the huge driver from the clear brine fluids?
John M. Steitz : Oh, I thought one of the real bright spots was our fine chemistry services business and especially custom services so I think they’re very equally proportioned this quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just to follow up on fine chemistry services would you expect profit in that business in the back half of the year to be flat, down, or up relative to the front half of 2012?
John M. Steitz : I’d say it’s pretty steady compared to first half. We have a heavier orientation towards some ag intermediates that begins in September/October and that business is continuing to do pretty well and I know you’re very familiar with drought and the corn issues and I think farmers are trying to do anything they can to hold these crops in line, especially corn. We’re seeing a pretty strong specialty ag and ag intermediates business and the NBPT product that we do for a fantastic company who is really driving it globally, is a great insurance policy in drought conditions and we’re seeing that product really grow around the world. As a matter of fact, we’re working on our third expansion which will include a new plant for that business so we’re very excited about it overall.
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: If I may shift gears to catalyst, with regard to HPC it sounds like you’ve maintained share and have a fairly positive outlook in that product line for the back half of the year so is it the case that the Q2 volume weakness was strictly a function of order timing and customer maintenance schedules or has there been in your view any structural change with regard to the level of competitive intensity?
Luther C. Kissam, IV : I don’t think there’s been any competitive change to the level of the intensity. I think it really was, as I tried to say in my comments, where we were the incumbent we won what we expected to win, where we weren’t the incumbent we picked up a little bit and so overall we won the units that we expected to win and we would have hoped to pick up some other ones where we weren’t the incumbent but we didn’t. So I don’t think there’s any change in the dynamic, I don’t believe the market share has changed at all. I think we’re winning the units where we’re the incumbents and where we’re not just like we’ve always said it’s a tough slate to get in there. I feel strong about this business. If you look at the fourth quarter we’re going to be building – I don’t know if fourth quarter is going to be a record but I think it’s going to be close. I feel like you’re going to see two bookings in the first and fourth quarter of HPC volumes for the year that are going to be really really strong, second is going to be weaker and we’re going to build in the third towards that record in the fourth.
Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: A final one if I may, just a quick update on your lithium extraction project in Arkansas?
Luther C. Kissam, IV : We talked about it the last time we’re working on a new technology that could be a game changer for us in terms of cost, if we can get it to the cost place where we need to be. We’re conducting those experiments in the lab in pilot scale and as always we’re finding a little bit of problems that we weren’t quite sure about but we’re working through those and we’re making nice progress and I think we’re still on track for getting to the market in that 2014/2015 time frame that we’ve talked about.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mike Ritzenthaler – Piper Jaffray.
Mike Ritzenthaler – Piper Jaffray: My first question, I just want to make sure I have something correct around the strength in fine chemistry. Would it be correct to say that the clear brines have yet to see a real resurgence after a mediocre start to the year?
John M. Steitz : That’s dead on. We saw sequential improvement but it’s still a ways away from some of the record sales levels we’ve had and so you’re dead on there.  
Mike Ritzenthaler – Piper Jaffray: Then just on the rig counts and things like that, does this resurgence, does it bode well for the timing of the phase two start up later this year for JBC? 
Luther C. Kissam, IV : Yes.
John M. Steitz : I was just going to say that I think that positions us very well for the long term especially with the global diversity of that business.
Mike Ritzenthaler – Piper Jaffray: Then just within polymer solutions, I’d like to explore the lower charges for the non-controlling interest in JBC. I guess I’m a little confused about what that is and kind of the magnitude of the impact on operating income. 
Scott A. Tozier : This is related to our overall production levels within JBC being lower on a year-over-year basis. Remember last year we had a record first half production and obviously this year we’re still coming out of that trough and as a result of that the minority interest that goes to our equity partner is lower than prior year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeffery Zekauskas – JP Morgan.
Jeffery Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Obviously ethylene prices and oil prices have come down which would influence the prices of the polymers you blend your flame retardants into and presumably your customer base would really want to decrease its inventory level so that it buys its polymers more cheaply. Is that something that’s affecting your bromine profile and do you disentangle that from your macro indicators that are showing weakness?
Scott A. Tozier : Let me take a crack at that and also just add a little commentary about our raw material and energy situation today. In 2012 compared to 2011 we’re seeing roughly about $105 million of raw material and energy decreases. About $10 million of that is energy, natural gas and utility related, another $85 of that is metals and rare earth. So it’s earth, moly, cobalt and nickel and then you have the balances is about $10 which is all petrochemical, benzene, phenol related. Hopefully that kind of corrals it for you. It’s not as great for us as it would seem right now. But to your question though, when I look at, and everybody has an opinion on that but when I look at the book-to-bill ratio in electronics being reasonable steady and then when I look at The Bishop Index which is a confidence index it has gone down dramatically so my view is that there is a fair amount of destocking going on also in our supply chain to answer your question. So I don’t think it’s as much raw material related as more just confidence and uncertainty.
Jeffery Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Can you give us an update on bromine uses for mercury removal both in the US and China? And, are you selling any material amount of product at this juncture and how do you see the next 12 months playing out?
Scott A. Tozier : Our mercury control business right now is still a very niche business. Our volumes are up both year-over-year and sequentially low double digit so it’s doing pretty well and it’s still though in those states that have regulations around mercury levels. We’re still hopeful over the long haul that it will grow but as you know there’s a lot of pressure on coal and coal production is down dramatically so we’ve got to keep a close eye on it. The fascinating thing to me is it’s such a cost effective economical solution for these utilities and so we’re continuing to work that side of it long term.
Luther C. Kissam, IV : I haven’t heard any update from the case that was filed against the EPA on the regulations related to mercury removal so the status hasn’t changed since the first quarter and I think there’s some uncertainty whether that will push the implementation time back some for the implementation of those regs. China still seems to be, as we talked in the first quarter, where they have been testing different products and understanding mercury emissions from the coal power plant. That’s obviously the biggest opportunity and we haven’t seen a change in that. Over the next 12 months while I would expect to still see moderate growth I don’t think you’re going to see any kind of step out until you get federal regulations being implemented as well as regulations in China being implemented so it may be pushed back a little bit but nothing has fundamentally changed from where we were on the last call.
Jeffery Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Which market do you think will open up first for you the US or China?
Luther C. Kissam, IV : That’s a really interesting question given the US court systems. I would anticipate that the US would open up sooner and I think with China you have to see what the next five year plan is and if they make that a priority or not. It would seem to me all indications are that they would but I still think the US will beat them by a little bit.
Jeffery Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Lastly, in the previous conference call you seemed very optimistic about your opportunities to make acquisitions and acquisitions of some size. Do you continue to be optimistic on that front or how do you see the acquisition environment?
Luther C. Kissam, IV : What I said about acquisitions is there are opportunities out there, multiples are high and there are a lot of bidders. So again, as I said at the investor day while we’ll be looking for acquisitions we certainly are out there in the market place doing it, they’re difficult to do. We’ve got to make sure we do the right one and I’d much rather be on this call in 2016 explaining why we fell short in doubling the business because we didn’t do an acquisition than on this call explaining why we did a bad acquisition. We’re going to remain diligent in looking for opportunities to return value to our shareholders but we’re not going to reach to try and do a bad deal.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets.
Michael Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets:  In terms of bromine operating rates where did you end up in the second quarter? When you think about the third and the fourth given your outlook of second half being similar to the first half, does that operating rate go down, stay flat? Can you sort of give us a feel on that?
Luther C. Kissam, IV : I’m talking now from a bromine standpoint, an elemental bromine standpoint we were in that mid 70s range, 70s to 80s range and I would expect that to kind of last for the remainder of the year.
Michael Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets: And the derivative?
Luther C. Kissam, IV : The derivatives if you look at our performance chemicals they’d have been operating at higher rates than that and if you look at brominated flame retardants they would have been operating at a lower rate than that but you’ve got to really look – you’ve got to understand it product-by-product almost so when John talked about tetrabrome volumes being down, when tetrabrome is not running hard which we didn’t, it has a fairly significant impact on those operating rates so we were down below that for overall brominated flame retardants but tetrabrome was the leader in that.
Michael Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets: When you think about your confidence in the outlook that electronics stays sort of flat versus let’s say getting worse, can you give us a feel are your customers telling you that or are inventory levels fairly lean that give you some confidence there? Given where some of the semis have reported it seems like a bold forecast so far.
Scott A. Tozier : I think our customers are running very lean inventories because of the uncertainty you just described. If I look at connectors volumes have been fairly sluggish. Our AD10 business primarily into enclosures and TVs has been what I described as moderate and tetrabrome has been pretty weak. I think the tetrabrome inventories is really the first to go down and the first to come up and both situations usually happen very rapidly so we’re really trying to keep a close eye on it. But, once we see tetrabrome volumes pick up that will be I think a good indicator for us.
Michael Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets: Last question, you have a lot of capacity coming on into ’13 and some other positives, can you give us some of the areas you see in ’13 that is relatively visible for you as we close out the year?
Luther C. Kissam, IV : If I look at 2013 going forward from a growth standpoint I think fine chemistry will continue to grow. We’ve got some big opportunities from custom manufacturing. You’ll see the rig count in the Gulf of Mexico picking up and that should allow that lag time for when they are going to complete that well [inaudible] for our fluid completion business so I see fine chemistry continuing to grow year-over-year in 2013. Catalyst should have a step out year in 2013. We’ve got the TEA joint venture coming online in Saudi, we’ve got the Greenfield site coming online in Yeosu City Korea that gives us opportunity for customer manufacturing from a single site catalyst as well as electronic materials growth in that area of the world.  Our HPC business should start off the year strong in 2013 and we’ve got what I believe will be a number of repeat [fills] and we’ll be past all of this rare surcharges and we continue to see strong growth in our FCC business. I think those two businesses particular have some strong growth. John, do you have something to add?
John M. Steitz : I’m just going to add a couple of things. We’ve got a biodiesel refill next year and we’ve just landed a order for some new technology for a new refinery that helps avoid the use of HF through catalysts. This is in Asia and it’s a big order and we’re really excited about it. I really think, just to reinforce what [Lu] said, 2014 can be a step out year for us.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steven Schwartz – First Analysis Corp.
Steven Schwartz – First Analysis Corp.: The first question just around HPC, what are your current growth expectations for volume this year? I think prior you have expected in mid single digits?
John M. Steitz : We’re still hoping to achieve that mid single digits.
Steven Schwartz – First Analysis Corp.: [Lu], when you mentioned fourth quarter could be a record in HPC is that just for fourth quarter given the seasonality that sometimes exists there or could it be even stronger than the first quarter you had this year which was I think exceptionally strong?
Luther C. Kissam, IV : We’re looking at numbers and if everything breaks right we could be looking at first quarter 2012 type numbers.
Steven Schwartz – First Analysis Corp.: Then just lastly, regarding SG&A and in the press release you mentioned performance based incentive compensation and perhaps this is a question for Scott, but I know you guys basically look at your potential performance for the year and then you accrue that compensation across the year. What was your assumption for that expense in the first quarter and what is your assumption for 2012 now?
Scott A. Tozier : Right now for between first quarter and second quarter we’re holding our expectation on that accrual at target so really limited change in that outlook.
John M. Steitz : And as our headcount goes up and down it gets adjusted. Then I’d add that the bigger impact was on commissions and that’s almost directly related to HPC volumes.
Steven Schwartz – First Analysis Corp.: So can you give us some guidance on corporate expense for the second half of the year and in line with that what SG&A might look like?
Scott A. Tozier : Corporate expense should be probably back in the low 20 range so I’d call it $20 to $22 million. Then I would expect SG&A to be in that $80 to $82 million range for the third and fourth quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: I was just wondering if you can provide a little bit of a detailed breakdown in each of the businesses between price, volume, and mix? I mean you talked about the individual moving pieces kind of within each business but it’s still hard for me to come out to sort of an overall divisional volume versus price versus foreign exchange component.
Luther C. Kissam, IV : Let me start and then I’m going to turn it over to John. In our business it is exceptionally difficult to talk about price and volume and that mix, that mixes impact on volume. If you look at for instance in fine chemistry, even within fine chemistry we can have a clear brine which is a high volume can move the volume one way or not but we’re also selling fine chemistry service which is for a lot of money per kilo or a lot of money per gram so it’s not as meaningful as you have in certain commodities where you have similar types of volumes and that.  In polymer solutions where you’ve got mineral flame retardants with a much higher volume than brominated flame retardants with a much higher volume than brominated flame retardants but brominated flame retardants is more profitable. It’s the same thing in catalyst but with that John will give it a shot.
John M. Steitz : I think it’s more important to think sequentially but if you want some year-over-year numbers I’ll try to go into that but I’ll try and answer your question very quickly. Fine chemicals unit volume was actually up in the 5% to 6% range.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: That’s sequentially?
John M. Steitz : Sequentially, right. Performance chemicals was kind of an important driver there with more improved volumes in clear brines. We had our intermediates business as I said was reasonably strong too in the second quarter compared to the first. That was also aided by the mix with our custom services business some of which as [Lu] pointed out have very little unit volume so it was aided by that mix. In polymers you know you had actual unit volume up about 4% but what’s interesting is if I strip out phosphorous flame retardants out of that equation our unit volume was actually up about 6% so it’s not as bad as it seems alright. That was aided by mix because compared to the first quarter our bromine business, as I mentioned in terms of pricing held in there pretty well. In catalyst volumes sequentially were down a bit and that was all HPC so that has both a mix and an actual unit volume impact because FCC was up sequentially about 4% or 5%. Hopefully, that kind of frames it up for you. Performance catalyst solution was roughly flat up nicely year-over-year. 
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: It’s really down a little bit more in the polymer solutions business probably one of your more complex businesses when it comes to the different market exposures that they have. Can you talk about volume and pricing in a little bit more detail? I mean, you mentioned connectors and automotive markets being okay and printed volume board market being down a little bit so can you give us a little of detail of the difference between brominated flame retardants and mineral, curatives, antioxidants and also talk about what you’re seeing in terms of pricing trends and if your outlook is significantly different for the second half of the year than what the performance was in the first half?
John M. Steitz : Brominated flame retardants were up a little bit sequentially which was we think pretty good. It was down year-over-year pretty significantly. Last year in the first half I mean, it was really overheated in my opinion. We were selling at record volumes and producing at record volumes but on the encouraging side both sequentially and year-over-year brominated flame retardant pricing for the whole portfolio was up 10%.  In mineral flame retardants it was roughly flat year-over-year but volumes were up by 5% sequentially. Pricing was down in that business but mostly euro related. There has been a lot of stability in our two key product lines here in our polymers business in terms of pricing. As I mentioned the phosphorous flame retardants getting that out of the portfolio will be a nice upside for us for next year and that volume by the way was down pretty significantly year-over-year as we exit that enterprise. Stabilizers and curatives pricing flat up a little bit year-over-year so it’s flat sequentially up a little bit year-over-year and volumes were roughly flat year-over-year but up nicely about 10% sequentially. Hopefully that gives you a little bit of flavor for it.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: As you move from being organometallics and zeolites supplier to becoming more of a polymerization, finished polymerization polymers supplier. This market has established players in it and as you get bigger in it do you expect to see kind of a competitive response or maybe you’re already seeing a competitive response either from the majors [inaudible] technology or some of your catalyst merchant competitors out there?
John M. Steitz : No, I really don’t. You work at such an intimate relationship between the supplier and customer on this basis. Pricing is very unique to the application. We’ve done a fair amount of licensing with some of the majors to expand our portfolio and then to expand into the high purity metal organics is a perfect adjacency for us. That pricing by the way, is priced on a per gram basis not a per kilo basis. As that market really picks up and this LED market really grows I think we’re going to be in a really good position. The last thing I’d say about that LED market is the pricing for the end products has come down so dramatically I think we’ll begin to see a lot more volume growth globally in that business. So I think with Korea coming up we’ll be really well positioned for it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: Just on polymer solutions and tetrabrome, tetrabrome really didn’t see any recovery in the first quarter and was fairly weak this quarter as well so what kind of accounts for that relative weakness?
John M. Steitz : To me, and you know these indices awfully well, the book-to-bill ratio has held in there but that confidence index has gone down and this is a product line where a customer is pretty comfortable with the supply chains around the world so they can fairly dramatically increase their off take if they need and so intends to be I’d say more volatile than most of our other businesses. I believe that there’s been a lot of destocking this year as opposed to last year at this time where there could have been a fair amount of overstocking if you will.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: How confident are you that destocking has run its course? Your outlook for polymer solutions in general is for flattening out or plateau but historically that business has been kind of up a lot or down.
John M. Steitz : We’re just anticipating kind of flat to slightly improving volumes in the third quarter. We feel pretty confident in our ability to hit that so I think it’s a far different situation compared to last year at this time where most of the issues at least for us related to mineral flame retardant volumes and in Europe we saw the typical seasonal slowdown at this time of the year but with all the Italian, and Greece, and Spain issues last year hitting a real crescendo we saw the confidence factor of our customers continuing to decline and we had a lot of destocking in that business in the back half so we don’t see that happening. That order book in that business continues to hold up pretty well. To answer your question I think our confidence level is moderate to reasonably high that we can achieve what we told you today.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: On the tetrabrome side is there any impact from structural issues PCs to tablets, or Smartphones or anything like that?
John M. Steitz : I really don’t believe there’s been any secular issues like that. It’s such a global economy, tetrabrome is so cost effective in these applications the newer niche products has a very small penetration to date. We’re talking 5% to 6% of the total tetrabrome market so we’re not hearing any of that issue from our customer. But with that said we’re excited about introducing our new Gemini generation of products and for us that would be an entry into the real high end Apple iPad type of market so we’re excited about that.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: Just finally on catalyst it sounds like you’re expecting some pricing pressure degradation in the second half mostly related to rare earth. Is that all going to be just tied to rare earth’s pricing and what would be the magnitude of the price declines or pressures you’d see from that?
John M. Steitz : A great question, in the last quarter we saw about $12 to $15 million in decline in the second quarter. We’re probably looking somewhere in the $7 to $10 million decline in the third quarter but we’re working to offset that by other cost reduction activities, base price increases, really based on performance and overall lowering the rare earth percentages in our formulations. So with that we really hope we can moderate any additional profit hit this year and really set the stage for a robust 2013 so we’re excited about that.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Christopher Shaw – Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co.
Christopher Shaw – Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co.: Just a quick one, I was just looking for a little more color on FCC in terms of you spoke a little bit of the geographies and that US operating rates were up and emerging markets were strong but why were the operating rates up in the US? Do you know why? And then just a little more color on what countries were strong and maybe what Europe was doing?
John M. Steitz : FCC last year in the first half we had a couple of major customers who were operating at really, really low rates, they were really struggling both on the east coast and in the southwest. It really hurt our volumes last year at this time. With that said, the obvious suspects in terms of your question still exist, Europe continues to be slow but it’s offset with some growth in India and the Middle East and then, this might be a little bit surprising but our Asian customer base continues to do quite well as they continue to build their petrochemical based business. So our higher propylene yield catalyst in FCC continued to do pretty well.
Lorin Crenshaw: At this time we’d like to thank everyone for their interest and encourage you to call with any further questions.
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Lorin Crenshaw - Director, IR and Communications Luke Kissam - CEO John Steitz - President & COO Scott Tozier - CFO
Analysts: David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank P J. Juvekar - Citi Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs Rob Walker - Jefferies Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America Mike Sison - KeyBanc Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter 2012 Albemarle Corp earnings conference call. My name is Kim and I’ll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session at the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host for today's call Mr. Lorin Crenshaw, Director, Investor Relations and Communications. Please proceed, sir.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Kim and welcome everyone to Albemarle’s first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of market yesterday and you’ll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investor Section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; John Steitz, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I would like to ask everyone once again to please save the date for Albemarle’s 2012 Investor Day which will be held in New York City on Tuesday May 22nd. Registration and event details are available at our website under the Investor Section. We look forward to seeing many of you there. As a reminder, some of the matters discussed during this conference call and webcast may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Also, to the extent that we discuss any non-GAAP financial measures, you’ll find reconciliations in our press release which is posted on our website at albemarle.com. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Luke.
Luke Kissam: Thank you Lorin and good morning everyone. We appreciate the opportunity to share our first quarter financial results with you today. And I will begin by commenting on the company's quarterly results and sharing updates related to certain strategic initiatives we have commenced. John Steitz will then walk you through the business segment performance before Scott Tozier reviews today's financial highlights. As usual at the end of our prepared remarks, we will open it up for your questions. I'm pleased to report first quarter results that reflect an excellent start to 2012 across each of our segments. First-quarter net income of $108 million or $1.20 per share was up 4% year-over-year and net sales of $712 million was up 2% year over year. This marks the 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in our earnings. In addition, we continue to generate a healthy amount of cash with $124 million of cash generation for the first quarter, up 28% versus the prior-year period excluding the $50 million pension contribution we made in the first quarter of last year. Collectively our businesses generated $176 million in EBITDA and achieved segment margins of 24%. Year-over-year earnings growth in Catalyst and Fine Chemistry reflected continued positive trends in those businesses while Polymer Solutions saw an increase in demand from the fourth quarter and a continuing strengthening of demand with each successive month in the quarter. Great results and a very good start to 2012. The quarter also included two special items that I want to highlight. We had a gain of $8.1 million, $5.1 million after-tax or $0.06 per share from proceeds we received as a result of the settlement of the litigation matter net of related legal fees. We used these cash to make an $8 million charitable contribution to the Albermarle foundation to begin the process of creating an endowment for the foundation. That contribution was a $5.1 million after-tax or $0.06 per share expense which basically offset the special gain of the litigation settlement. The Albermarle foundation is a non-profit organization dedicated to making a positive difference in the communities in which we operate and to the non-profit organizations in which our employees are involved. Since the Albermarle foundation was established in 2007, its contributions to more than 100 partner agencies have steadily increased and I would expect that trend to continue. It's important that Albermarle does its part in trying to make our communities better places to live, work and raise a family and we are delighted to be able to start this endowment to ensure that the Albermarle foundation's impact can continue to grow in both the good and challenged economic times that the future will surely bring. On the strategic front, we mentioned back in January that we've commenced a comprehensive portfolio review aimed at identifying opportunities to address underperforming assets. That process remains ongoing, but I would expect to be in a position to provide specific details in the second quarter. Our major capital projects are proceeding well. I was recently in Saudi Arabia and Jordan and was able to see firsthand the progress being made on the construction of those two sites. It's always good to see concrete being poured, steel being erected and projects beginning to take shape. With regards to performance in Catalyst Solutions projects we expect mechanical completion by the end of 2012, for both the 6000 met/ton TEA plant that we are building in Saudi Arabia with our partner SABIC and for our wholly-owned Greenfield Polymer Catalyst Center in Yeosu City Korea. That would mean start-ups for both sites in late fourth quarter of this year or early first quarter of next year. In some instances we are already sending samples to customers and getting good feedback. In addition, we continue to invest in specialty organometallics capacity expansions as select domestic facilities to satisfy the growing market demand for these products. These expansions will be executed in stages and will be complete by the end of the year allowing us to maintain our global leadership position in organometallics.  Turning to our bromine expansion in Jordan. The first base should be ready this summer when we expect mechanical completion for the additional bromine capacity. We expect the additional capacity for clear completion fluids to be completed in the October-November timeframe. The last phase, additional tetrabromide capacity should be operational next year in late second or early third quarter. Each of these stages roughly doubles the existing capacity and we plan to bring this additional capacity on in stages as market demands dictate. This capacity remains necessary to meet the needs of our customers and positions us well to capitalize on what remains an extremely attractive global demand outlook for bromine and bromine derivatives. We don't expect any meaningful overruns on any of these projects at this time. One of the new uses for bromine that we have highlighted in the past is control of mercury emissions. In March the US Trade Development Agency sponsored a China Reverse Trade Mission on mercury control hosting representatives from the Chinese Ministry of Environmental Protection and top Chinese power companies. The purpose of the mission was to showcase the most advanced US technologies used in controlling mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants. It also provided an opportunity for the Chinese Ministry of Environmental Protection to collaborate with the US TDA and US EPA on policy and rulemaking in the area of mercury emission control. We were pleased to take part in the mission and be among the US companies the delegation chose to visit directly to review our emission abatement technology. As environmental protection continues to rise higher on the agendas of governments around the world, Albermarle is well situated to assist the global power and cement industries in particular in reducing pollutants throughout our diverse portfolio of products and services. Finally, as you know, Albemarle has a long history of supporting our customers and evolving our technology in ways that anticipate their desire for the most sustainable solution. In that way, we were excited to announce last week a new addition to our existing platform of polymeric flame retardant solutions. This new technology, licensed from a subsidiary of Dow Chemical Company, will be commercialized in 2014, as expected to become the preferred choice for flame retarding, both extruded and expanded polystyrene using foam insulation applications. As we consider the outlook for the balance of the year, uncertainties clearly persists regarding the durability of the current global economic recovery. Though similar regarding the European debt crisis seems to have improved, concerns remain regarding the magnitude of the impact of austerity measures being implemented throughout that region. Nevertheless, the full-year outlook for Catalysts and Fine chemistry remains favorable, supported by several positive industry trends, and healthy new business opportunities. In addition, our interpretation of the end-market patterns were currently seen is that they remain supportive of a continued acceleration of Polymer Solutions’ business trends into the second quarter and through the second half of 2012. In closing, our businesses remain healthy and we expect to perform well in 2012. Our best guess remains that our businesses will generate earnings in the first half of 2012, resembling levels achieved during the second half of 2011. Assuming that a second half recovery occurs, we continue to expect to grow our business for the full-year and make further progress toward the goals we outlined in Vision 2015. This would set us up nicely for 2013 when this impact of the major investments I discussed earlier should become positive contributors in our financial results. With that, I will turn the call over to John to discuss our operational performance for the quarter.
John Steitz: Hey, thanks Luke and good morning everyone. I will start with Polymer Solutions, which reported first quarter net sales of 228 million, down 12% year-over-year but up 9% sequentially, and segment income of $54 million, down 23% year-over-year but 46% higher sequentially, and volumes that were up 20% quarter-on-quarter. Of course, year-over-year comparisons for the first half of 2012 will not show gains given the strength of the first half of last year. I would like to point out that the distinct improvement in Polymer’s performance versus the fourth quarter was very encouraging. From our advantage point, it represents returning the cycle but only time will tell the ultimate extent of its strength and duration. In terms of intra-quarter color, demand began rising in late January following changed new year, and accelerated throughout the quarter, with revenues and volumes rising with each successive month. The increase in demand, combined with great cost management and execution to plan on the manufacturing side, resulted in a 600 basis points sequential improvement in segment margins to 23.5%. Specifically, brominated flame retardant volumes and operating profits were down 19% and 12% year-over-year respectively, but up 4% and 15% sequentially, while mineral flame retardant volumes and operating profit showed some more strength versus the prior quarter, up 34% and 77% respectively. Improvement was wide spread with the enclosure, connector, print and wiring board and wire and cabling markets all picking up nicely, while the construction and automotive end-markets also showed better trends. Stabilizers and curatives also delivered strong sequential performance, with volumes up 30% and operating profit equally strong. The main drivers included an improved tone in North American infrastructure spending, which benefited curatives, fuel and lubricant, antioxidants, trends and great execution from the manufacturing perspective in meeting the increased demand. Looking forward, among the many indicators we monitor, the IPC Book-to-Bill report picked up to 1.04 in February, while global connector confidence file 8 [00:00:48], as published by the Bishop report, has shown four straight months of upward trends, with March rising to 65.4 from 60.8 in February and up substantially versus 50.5 in December.  Overall, I’ll reassert the tone our fire safety end-markets has improved, and seems likely to strengthen further in coming months. Moving on to Catalysts, which reported another great quarter, a stronger refinery catalysts volume growth and higher pricing growth of net sales of $294 million, up 13% year-over-year, segment income of $82 million, up 13% year-over-year, and segment margins of 28%, up 20 basis point versus prior year. Operating results were strong in both divisions, with refinery catalysts sales now offering profits of 13% and 5% year-over-year on a respective basis. And Performance Catalyst Solutions sales rising 10% and operating profits 29% higher on a year-over-year basis. It’s worth noting that the earnings presentation indicates that the year-over-year catalyst revenue increased attributable-to-volumes flat. However, excluding a large alternative fuels order from last year, volumes contributed a mid-single digit percentage to the year-over-year sales increase. Within refinery catalysts, HPC results were outstanding, with operating profits of 20% year-over-year, establishing a new all-time record on strong volumes and favorable mix. SEC performance was also strong with volumes and earnings achieving double-digit growth. The high volume gains were attributable to a combination of improved operating rates amongst certain large customers in the United States versus a year ago period, and higher year-over-year growth in emerging markets while we are benefiting from the start up, also of its sizable new unit running on our technology. The PCS division’s financial results were principally driven by core polymer catalyst group. Sales and operating profits within Polymer Catalysts rose 21% and 58%, year-over-year, thanks to a solid organometallics volume growth, reflecting, encouraging global trends. Looking forward, second quarter HPC volumes will be lower sequentially in year-over-year. But that is attributable to expected order patterns and changed thoughts of our customers as opposed to any reduced demand. However, for the full-year, we continue to expect a nice HPC volume growth. Regarding SEC, while anecdotally certain refiners are challenged depending on the their geographic locale, access to heavier crude and conversion flexibility, the overall tone of our business is solid with growth expected from a combination of new units coming on using our technology and continued growth in developing markets. Fine Chemistry delivered net sales of $190 million, up 7% year-over-year and segment income of $39 million, up 31% year-over-year. Segment income levels were the second highest of all time, while segment margins of 20% remain at historically high levels and were up an impressive 340 basis points from last year. Both divisions reported excellent financial results with Performance Chemicals sales and operating profits up 4% and 5% year-over-year respectively while Fine Chemistry Services sales and operating profits rose 21% and 121% respectively versus the prior year period. Performance Chemicals drivers included higher pricing across the portfolio, historically high clear brine fluids volumes and excellent results across a diverse range of intermediates into a variety of industrial and consumer end-markets. The full year outlook for clear brine fluids remains favorable with global drilling rates expected to amass the outstanding 2011 levels driven by continued strength in developing markets and the eventual tailwind provided by rejuvenated Gulf of Mexico; though the impact from that region will likely be somewhat second half weighted. The year-over-year doubling in our Fine Chemistry Services profits reflected that business beginning to reap the benefits of a diversified line of opportunities across the agricultural, lubricant, renewable chemistry and specialty pharma sectors we have targeted for growth. The impact of evolving our portfolio towards complex, higher margin, longer duration opportunities was evident during the quarter as operating margins rose impressively. Drivers included continued healthy growth in Ag intermediates, positive trends within our pharmaceuticals portfolio and a growing contribution from several recent renewable chemistry business wins. Notably, we believe that current Fine Chemistry profitability levels are at a new base reflecting the collective impact of a number of structural and strategic initiatives including a transformation of the product portfolio through asset sales and selective pairing and growing impact of several new bromine applications and ongoing make shift within the Fine Chemistry Services towards increasingly complex, longer duration, higher margin businesses. An excellent example of direction this business is moving toward was a recent contract we were rewarded to complete the Naval Air Warfare Center Weapons Divisions. First biojet fuel production run based on bio and butanol provided by Cobalt Technologies. Overall, Fine Chemistry is well positioned to continue delivering outstanding results this year. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Tozier: Thank you John and good morning everyone. Albemarle’s first quarter financial results were excellent on several measures including earnings, cash generation and overall profitability levels. Specifically, the business generated EBITDA of $176 million, up 3% year-over-year and achieved EBITDA margins of 24.8%, 20 basis points higher year-over-year and up by 180 basis points on the fourth quarter [troughs]. Our balance sheet remains in superb shape with excellent cash generation driving net debt down $55 million during the quarter or 20% versus year-end levels to just $216 million, excluding $22 million in non-guaranteed debt from our JBC joint venture. As a result, leverage as measured by net debt to EBITDA is at 0.3 times and our net debt to capital ratio was 11% at a quarter end. Our cash and leverage position continues to give us options and flexibility as we work to our Vision 2015. Turning to some P&L details; SG&A expense rose 10% year-over-year principally driven by a combination of higher selling commissions, personnel costs and pension related expenses. As a percentage of sales, this line item is up around 80 basis points to 11.3% versus 10.5% during the same period a year ago. In total, pension expense rose $3.5 million year-over-year to $10 million, due to a decline in the discount rate used to measure our pension obligations and lower than forecasted asset performance in 2011. As we noted in January, we expect pension expenses to rise roughly $20 million on an annualized basis this year. However, our funded status remains quite strong nearly 100% and we do not expect the need to make any meaningful cash contributions to our plans until 2014 at the earliest. R&D expense; it is up 8% year-over-year, as we continue investing in organic growth opportunities including the strategic adjacency initiatives we outlined as part of Vision 2015. R&D cost as a percent of revenue are up 20 basis points to 2.7% versus 2.5% for the comparable period in 2011. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.5%, up 130 basis points versus the first quarter of 2011 rate of 24.2% driven primarily by increased profitability in the higher tax rate countries and changes in tax regulations most notably in the US and Europe. At this time, we expect our full year rate to be around 25%. Now on the cash flow trends; free cash flow defined as cash flow from operations, add the pension and post retirement contributions and subtract capital expenditures was $71 million for the period, up 7% year-over-year. Cash from operations was up 28% year-over-year to a $124 million and that’s excluding the $15 million pension contribution we made in the first quarter of 2011. This was driven by good profitability and lower working capital requirements. CapEx during the quarter was $55 million reflecting continued investment in the major strategic projects we’ve commenced in South Korea, Jordan and selectively here in the US as earlier updated by Luke. We expect CapEx for the quarter to rise for the balance of the year and approach approximately $300 million for 2012 with roughly $100 million of that attributable to our Jordanian expansion which will be fully funded from operating cash flow of that joint venture. Net working capital was up $39 million from December 2011 or 8% mainly due to receivables from higher quarter-end business activity and as we dealt inventory levels modestly to meet future market demand. Overall, net working capital as a percent of revenue was a healthy 19%, down 311 basis points year-over-year and up 126 basis points from year-end. Finally, we made $16 million in dividend payments during the quarter, up 19% year-over-year and announced a 14% increase in our dividend to $0.20 from $0.175. The increase reflects our confidence in the cash generating capacity of our businesses and represents the 18th consecutive year that we have raised the dividend. With that, I’ll hand it back over to Lorin for Q&A.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thanks Scott. Operator at this time we would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: And Luke on bromine forward price you mentioned in the slide, it is holding firm, any sign of any weakness anywhere in that chain in potential as the year improves for some price increases in brominated flame retardants.
John Steitz: David let me just give you little more detail around that. If you look at the whole brominated flame retardant business, prices year-over-year were up about 7% to 8% and even sequentially were up a couple of points. If you take out the mix effects like if I pull out tetrabromide for example, brominated flame retardants are up 20% year-over-year on a pure price basis. So right now I would say there is a growing concern about some of the raw materials, benzene, phenol there is an issue in Europe related to the CDT. So we are continuing to study that but I think as supply and demand balances out with an improved volume scenario we are keeping a strong eye out towards those kind of opportunities. So we will stay around on top of that but overall it's been very encouraging, especially through the volume declines over the last half of 2011 and everything appears to be lining up pretty well.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: And John same question on catalysts, any more color on the pricing gain in that segment to just mix and what's happening specifically on FCC pricing?
John Steitz: Yeah, David FCC pricing you know the big driver of course has been rare earth and the year-over-year pricing is up pretty significantly and that’s mostly a rare earth impact. Sequentially prices were down, the order magnitude about 10% and once again that’s all rare earth. So the way we look at it is over the course of the year our rare earth situation will balance out for us. I think we’ve done a really good job with our catalyst business of managing volatility around those kind of metals. Now with that said, I think we’re having some success of driving technology, driving some of the low rare earth alternatives and driving the heavier resid and higher propylene yielding FCC catalysts which is resulting so far this year in between a $100 and $200 improvement in base prices. So we’re hopeful that we can continue to drive that kind of the value especially with some of the global improvement in volume sourcing.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: And just last, Luke is there update on lithium you can provide?
Luke Kissam: Yeah, I can give you update, we continue to work on the technology in perfecting that technology. You know David every time you learn a little bit more in dealing with chemists, they got another question and they learned a little bit more and they want to ask a little more questions. So that process is still, we’re working well, we’re producing lithium carbonate, we’ve got our pilot plant at Magnolia, run and own the hot broad and we’re in the design phase right now. I think that’s more of a 2014-2015 time of commercial launch than a 2013 because we got to perfect it and design it and build it. So but it is still the strides, still looking forward to get into that market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P J. Juvekar with Citi.
P J. Juvekar - Citi: You know volumes of polymer solutions have declined in the sixth quarter in year over year?
Luke Kissam: Hey P.J. this is Luke. I am sorry, we are having a very hard time hearing you, could you speak up please.
P J. Juvekar - Citigroup: What’s going on sort of longer term, did all decline something from mineral flame retardants that are showing the declines?
Luke Kissam: P.J., I couldn’t quite hear you. I think it has to do with volume issues around polymer solutions especially in flame retardants, if that is the case let me just kind of talk about volumes in general. In brominated flame retardants in the first half of last year volumes were extraordinarily strong, were sold out most of our units. Probably looking back now was an over-correction from volume declines in 2010. After that we saw all the US political issues related to debt ceiling and a lot of the European issues related to Italy and Greece and Spain and we saw a pretty significant volume drop in the second half of last year. What we are seeing now is an improvement sequentially in volumes broadly and we have seen that in the first quarter. We believe, we will see that in the second quarter. It will be still less than the first and second quarters year-over-year, but we believe that all the trends are positive. In mineral flame retardant, volumes were extraordinarily strong in the first half of last year as well. We saw them drop off precipitously in the fourth quarter, but they have returned in a very robust fashion in the first quarter of this year and the second quarter also looks like improving volume trends. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of color, longer term we feel really good about of our safety in general and we can talk about that in greater detail at the Investor Conference in May.
Unidentified Analyst: And just quickly what are the utilization rates currently at JBC and in Arkansas?
Luke Kissam: You know they have improved from the back half of last year and we are probably running in the range of 80% to 85% now. 
Scott Tozier: And P.J. I would say that, that changes a little bit as you look to each one of those units, some of the units on some of our products are sold out and we're running just as hard as we can and others are running a little bit more slowly and we are in a position in some instances where we are allocating bromine to the highest value product. So you got to be careful and John’s answer on that was accurate but you got to be careful when you are looking at each specific unit operations and then how they might be running because some of the impact are sold out. So when we are looking at pricing, we are looking at how we manage our portfolio of bromine and we obviously, is specific on a product-by-product basis for the application and how that market is doing today, but overall that’s where we are.
P J. Juvekar - Citi: And just quickly John you mentioned about certain refineries challenges based on the geography. I am just wondering if you can talk about the impact of the closure in the northeast, when the refinery is setting down and what's the impact for you?
John Steitz: Basically, the Northeast is really hampered from a refining point of view, but the real growth in this business is outside the United States and Europe, P.J. We are seeing strong trends in Asia, excluding Japan and strong trends throughout the Middle East.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs: Hey, John you had mentioned that the monthly trends in Polymer Solutions; was there anything atypical or is that sort of what you normally expect where February was better than January and March better than February?
John Steitz: Yeah, well, last year I would say it was real very unusual because everything from with the exception in January once we came out of the Chinese New Year in 2011, our business was just strong, I mean just really, really strong. And so while going into this year, we are hopeful that that would be the trend; you know its of course moderated from 2011, but its been a nice uptick and we are getting I think this quarter off to a good start too. And then all the underlying trends and indicators are positive too, so its just all gives us a lot more confidence than where we were six months ago.
Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs: And Luke, you guys got an awful lot of cash on the balance sheet, and I know in your Vision 2015 acquisitions are probably a third of the growth. Can you give us a sense are you getting close to there, I mean interest rates are low, you've got cash, but I also know that your definitions of what makes great companies are pretty limited in terms of the financial profile. So is there anything out there that's got you excited these days?
Luke Kissam: Yes, there are, we've looked at a number of things that have got us excited and we just had been able because I can’t Bob being in a position where we’re going to do a deal that limits our ability for these wonderful organic opportunities we have. But I would expect over the next 12 to 18 months Bob you will see us do a deal. We are kicking a lot of tires and we are taking some steps to develop some relationships that would allow someone to be more comfortable in doing a transaction with us over that time for us, I mean it takes a little while to get people comfortable doing that. But we’re out there talking, we’re out there kicking tires and we’re active in the M&A market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Rob Walker - Jefferies: Good morning, this is Rob Walker on for Laurence. I guess first-off, can you comment a little bit on polyolefin volume trends in Q1 and kind of your outlook there?
John Steitz: Yeah, on polyolefin catalyst solutions business, volumes were up really and nicely sequentially year-over-year flat, but our organometallic volumes are strong and we saw some nice sequential improvements and overall that helped to bottom line for us. So it’s a great start to the year and we’re seeing -- our view for the year is doubled digit volume growth year-over-year in that business; it’s a much smaller volume base business, I need no ramp up, but everything is very encouraging now, so thank you.
Rob Walker - Jefferies: And then I guess just in terms the volumes in overall in Polymer Solutions; roughly what would you say the volumes were for mineral frame retardants year-over-year and I think you said brominated flame retardants were down 19% year-over-year and then also kind of, what about curatives and stabilizers, how much of those contribute?
John Steitz:  Yeah, like we said, brominated flame retardant volumes year-over-year last year the time record profit start to record volumes which built into second quarter, all time record volumes at that point and all time record profits. So that’s a comparable period. But you are right, the volumes year-over-year were down by about 15% to 20%. Mineral, which generally runs this quarter were pulling volumes to be at bars, but they were down about 10% year-over-year and stabilizers and curatives were down also year-over-year. So that comparable relation year-over-year is very, very difficult. Now we are starting to work through that. It becomes a less impact in the second quarter and we start to see more favorable comparables in the back half of the year and we are gaining confidence that that will be a reality.
Rob Walker - Jefferies: And just lastly for Luke, you mentioned briefly looking at some restructuring options, I am guessing kind of what room do you have in Europe operations; is the outlook there remains sluggish?
Luke Kissam:  Say that one more time?
Rob Walker - Jefferies: You had commented briefly about looking at some restructuring options I think in your prepared remarks?
Luke Kissam:  Yeah.
Rob Walker - Jefferies: How much room do you have to restructure your European operation?
Luke Kissam:  In 2009 kind of timeframe when we went back and look, when we did a restructuring, that was pretty heavy based in Europe. What we are really looking at now from a restructuring standpoint is assets. I mean, how our business performed and we have underperforming assets that we need to take action too. So there is enough of restructuring, anything we do from restructuring will be tied to what we would do with respect to any of these underperforming assets of businesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: I think that the last time you had a conference call you forecasted your CapEx to be $180 million to $200 million and now its $300 million; what changed?
Luke Kissam: I think what we have always done is we have tried to talk to it in terms of two ways; one exclusive of JBC capital and two inclusive of JBC; because JBC if you look, we consolidate JBC so we have to include the CapEx for JBC as a part of our overall when you report it from a GAAP standpoint that’s how we have to report it. JBC this year will be roughly $100 million, we are not putting any additional cash into JBC; that’s all going to be funded from a standpoint of the JBC operations. So that’s $100 million of non-cash that we are putting there funded from JBC. Then if you look at our overall exclusive of JBC, we still believe we are going to try to spend that $180 million to $200 million in CapEx.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Second, there has been volatility in Rare Earths pricing and there were timing differences that sometimes positively affect you and sometimes negatively affect you. Can you talk about the year-over-year change from 2011 to 2012 in terms of the timing of Rare Earths price volatility and how that will effect your Catalysts operating income?
John Steitz: Just year-over-year in the first quarter Jeff, in FCC, the FCC business we had nice volume uptick mostly due to a number of, a couple of large US customers who really struggled to operate in the first quarter of last year. So if you look at the revenue improvement year-over-year I will just give you a little color on that, about two-thirds of sales increase was volume related and about another one-third was rare earth. Okay so that hopefully frames that up for you. If you look at the sequential revenue decline, we've got a seasonal impact on FCC because when all these HPC issues or HPC turnarounds occurs they are not running the crackers and so the volume decline is on a similar basis, about two-thirds of that revenue decline was volume and about another one third was the rare earth decrease. So hopefully that will give you a little more color so you can frame it up. But over time I think we've done a good job of managing down inventories in FCC and where we can really manage this rare earth volatility much better. You might remember a few years ago, we got caught with on the molybdenum issue with way too high finished goods inventories, too high molybdenum and it became quite a striking event for us to handle. So I think we learned from those experiences.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay and then lastly can you compare the pricing changes in HPC catalysts and FCC catalysts?
John Steitz: You know there's of course a big difference --
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: In mix issues, yeah.
John Steitz: Yeah I mean, prices in HPC tend to be between three and five times higher. So FCC pricing at 5000 a ton, HPC pricing would be you know 16,000 to 17,000 a ton. But we did see a little bit of sequential pricing improvement, but it was flat year over year.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: It was flat year over year in which category and that’s in –
John Steitz: HPC was up year-over-year and FCC pricing was up year-over-year mostly due to the rare earth, its pricing was up you know 20% to 25% year-over-year Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America: Yes, good morning. John on slide five of your deck in Fine Chemistry you indicate that demand for bromine derivates remains high with certain products and sold out positions, what products are sold out and why?
John Steitz: Yeah. We’ve had just a couple of real specialty bromine derivatives that have done really well. Dibromoethane is brominated organic obviously used in water treatment applications and [purple] bromine is a very high value brominated solvent used in cleaning precision equipment. And that, that product is very niche oriented, that when it's sold out, we’re pushing our units to produce as much as possible. The big volume driver in our Fine Chemistry business Kevin is clear brine fluids. So let me just kind talk about that. What I thought was really striking in our Fine Chemical business in the first quarter was that, we were able to achieve this result with actually kind of mediocre results in our clear brine fluids business. And so while it was above average, if you look at the volumes over a multi-year period, it was above the average. It was probably down 50% from last year and 50%, 40% to 50% sequential and we had a really strong start in our clear brine’s business in January and February, almost record volumes, but it fell down in March almost to nothing. Now we are, it's picking back up again, but I was really encouraged that we were able to do that without anything significant upside in clear brine volumes. So hopefully that gives you a little better understanding of those issues.
Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America: Yes, it does. That’s just not true, whether that comment related to some of the drilling fluids or something that was more niche to your specialties. I can switch gears to polymer additives, John it sounds like you saw some momentum as the quarter progressed. If I think about that business in terms of product categories, may be brominated flame retardants, other FRs, curatives, antioxidants, stabilizers et cetera. Were you most encouraged on volume prospects and which product lines would you say remain most challenged volumetrically?
John Steitz: Well, just on a volume basis, we have been pretty delighted on the rebound and continuing improvement in our mineral flame retardant volumes, primarily in Europe. Our pricing has held firm which is good, minor year-over-year changes there due to the Euro but I have been, everything you read and hear about Europe, you will really think, things are really going to be destructive but the trends in our business are really encouraging there and it’s continued -- those volume sequentially is continuing to improve. So that’s good. The brominated flame retardant business Kevin overall, it’s not one particular area we’ve seen a lot of strength. They have all been sequentially just good momentum building products. But I’ll I tell you, I am encouraged by what we’re seeing in some of the indications for enclosures on televisions. It looks like those volumes are going to continue throughout the course of the year to improve. So that is, I would say, encouraging.
Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America: Okay, on the other side, what looks most challenged would you say?
John Steitz: The mixed read is on tetrabromide. So we just haven’t seen a significant uptick in tetrabromide volumes. And so I think our basic read on that is customers are really watching inventory levels because of just the general uncertainty in the economy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc: Like, when you sort of gave guidance for the first half, it would imply that second quarter EPS would be, you know, generally in line with the first quarter. So, can you sort of frame up? I mean, is it something that Polymer Solutions just continue to improve sequentially, and Fine Chemicals maybe improves and you noted HPC catalysts being weaker to few causing, so the flatness?
Luke Kissam: Yeah, I think that you summed it up pretty nicely, Mike. I mean that’s kind of how we look at it. If we felt a little bit better about tetrabromide volumes in second quarter, that uncertainly out there, kind of drives into that. So you could see a little bit of an upside one way or the other, but that pretty well lined it out the continued improvement over there, a little deterioration in catalysts and fine chemistry kind of rocking along. So that’s what it feels like.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc: Okay and then I just wanted to spend just a quick second on Polymer Solutions for the operating margin improvement sequentially, first versus fourth. I think you noted it was part volume, part costs and manufacturing execution. Could you, John, maybe give us a feel was it more volume? Was it more of the execution? Then maybe give us some idea what the execution was.
John Steitz: Yeah. Mike, I would say, you know, the volume increase and you know we came out of the fourth quarter really watching inventories, working capital, as you remember the cash generation was superb. So what we did as we saw volumes improve in polymers in January and February, I think we are able to supply seamlessly, you know, that increase in demand. And we did that, albeit, with a really, lets say, great management of spending. And so our supply chain really, I thought, adapted extraordinarily well to the increase in volume demand in a way that generated some really nice margins considering year-over-year, the lower volume level.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc: Okay, great. And last question. In FCC, you know, you rolled out a bunch of nice, slow rare earths, better margin products over the last year with rare earths coming down any push-to-go-back field technology. Is the adoption for the new stuff holding pretty well?
John Steitz: Yeah, you know, Mike, we have inherently a lower rare earths level and awfully high performing catalyst. I think, just generally, and this is just subjective. I think there's been less total push for rare earths, lower rare earths or zero rare earths catalysts, with an increasing emphasis on technology and what the products do. And I think that's overall really good for the catalysts industry in general.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dimitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Couple of questions, and I think you’ve sort of talked about them a little bit. I am just trying to -- there is a lot of moving parts here. So I am just trying to wrap my brain around just simply as possible. In Polymer Solutions on a year-over-year basis, you had your sales up about $30 million it looks like, and your EBIT was up about $9 million. So, I mean, that’s a pretty strong contribution margin. So, can you talk about, kind of, an year-over-year basis what the drivers of the strong performance were on the operating profit line given that volumes were down significantly? Is it just a combination of pricing continuing to flow through while rare earths pricing is coming down? I am sorry -- I am talking about Polymer Solutions. So is that -- I mean is this mineral retardants driving this improvement since they were kind of weak towards the second half of the year, or what’s going on there? Is it a mix issue?
Lorin Crenshaw: Dimitry are you talking year-over-year?
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: I am talking year-over-year, yeah. If I am looking at your slides, your presentation slides, you got Polymer Solutions going up -- Polymer Solutions.
Luke Kissam: Yeah, Polymer Solutions is down.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Sorry, I am talking about Fine Chemicals.
Luke Kissam: Okay.
John Steitz: Alright. That makes more sense.
Dimitry Silversteyn -Longbow Research: Yeah, I actually got $30 million change in revenue and about $9 million change in operating profit.
John Steitz: Okay. If I look at overall Fine Chemistry, you know, we had a big uptick in Performance Chemicals. When I look at Fine Chemistry, when you really look at the volume decline, it is clear brine fluids in Performance Chemicals business and we also had a little bit of an issue related to our Ag intermediates, where one of our Ag intermediates customer withhold an organic product for them and we didn’t have that availability of the product; that cost is a couple of million dollars.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: That’s in 2011 you are talking about?
John Steitz:  Yeah, first quarter of ’12 compared to first quarter of ’11.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: So the issues with…
John Steitz:  If you look at overall, our operating profit increased nicely year-over-year built on just really terrific performance in our Fine Chemistry Services business and I would say just average performance in Performance Chemicals.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. So it’s a mix issue. Now with the volume that you lost was a much lower profit volume than the volume that you gained?
John Steitz:  Yes, absolutely.
Luke Kissam:  That’s right Dimitry; and Dimitry I think one of the things, if you look at our Fine Chemistry Services, we talk about how that segment income doubled year-over-year and one of the reasons we label that, I think you got two effects. I think you’ve got a mix in both overall of that segment and you’ve also got a better mix within Fine Chemistry Services. So as you have that churn that we’ve talked about so much in Fine Chemistry Services, what we are doing is we are seeing as we are trading up to higher value, higher margin products that we are able to extract more value and the customers happy with it. So it’s almost a double mix effect if you understand what I am saying to Dimitry.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: I got you that’s helpful, well thank you. Switching gears to the Catalyst business, again there is a lot of things going on there with Rare Earths and surcharges and volumes and pricing. But if you just look at the business overall you know it was operating at a run rate of 15% to 16% operating profit prior to 2009 and then we had a jump up in 2010 and turn them on into the mid-20s. I am not as concern with the sustainability of that level, I think it is sustainable, I am just trying to understand, we know you are yet to build a bridge between 15% and 25% that 10 points of margin. Can you break it down for us and how much of it is maturation or organometallics and in the polymer catalyst business; how much of it is the Rare Earth impact and the delta between them and the surcharges if we put in; how much of it is HPC volume growth. Can you give us an idea of sort of what -- I think it’s sustainable, but can you give me some confidence as to why it’s sustainable I guess is what I am asking?
Luke Kissam: Let me try that for second if you don’t mind, the answer to your question is yes to all of that. I think the way I break it down is this is in 2009 when we had the downturn, we took significant efforts to get our cost right first of all and we’ve really maintained a focus on being low cost provider across that portfolio in HPC, SCC and particularly the Polymer Catalyst, polyolefin catalyst section. So one is cost, we’ve managed our cost. Two, we’ve gone in from an operating efficiency standpoint and really increased our productivity without adding capital and without adding people, so from a lean manufacturing standpoint, from the way we operate our facilities we are lot better than we were. Secondly, while the Rare Earth has contributed some, if you go back before we had any Rare Earth issue, we were hitting 30% margins in our businesses. So I wouldn’t contribute it to the Rare Earth issue or lack of issue what there is, but I think that long-term what you are going to see is from prices standpoint, from an innovation standpoint that we are bringing new products to the market from expanding into these high value organometallics and electronic material businesses that you see from a catalyst standpoint, we firmly believe and we told you when we did Vision 2015 that we were going to bump around at high 20s and hopefully get up to 30%. So we still think we've got some work to do there to drive up those 30% margins and we think we can maintain the way we've got the margins in the high 20% going forward over the course of Vision 2015.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: So the 31% you delivered in September of 2011, I guess you are talking about prior to the Rare Earth impact, given that you kind of got your 2015 level a quarter after you put out the 2015 level?
Luke Kissam: Dmitry, it was in 2010. If you go back and look in 2010 we were popping up even before we had the Rare Earths. We had a couple of quarters where we had the right mix with HPC, SCC and polyolefin catalysts and we had the right kind of mix with an HPC and we were able to pop-up around 30% before Rare Earths ever came in to being.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: And then one final question on the Nylon-12 issue that may be developing in Europe, I understand that some of it at least is being used for the flame retardant business. Are you expecting to see any impact as far as your ability to get the material and supply the market or is it not an impact for chemical for you?
John Steitz: Yeah, that is a raw material and a product called HPCD which goes into polyurethane construction foams Dmitry. And we feel pretty fortunate about our supply chain. But generally, I think its going to be really tight on the product, so we are continuing to evaluate that and how we react to that. But just generally it’s a company I mean we handle problems in challenges like this very well. So I think it could be a good opportunity for us too.
Operator: And I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw for closing remarks.
Lorin Crenshaw: Well, I just like to thank everyone for participating and if there any further questions contact me at the number on the press release and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Lorin Crenshaw - Director, IR and Communications Luke Kissam - President & CEO John Steitz - EVP & COO Scott Tozier - SVP & CFO
Analysts: David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank PJ Juvekar - Citigroup Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company Mike Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Edward Yang - Oppenheimer Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee Aleksey Yefremov - Bank of America
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2011 Albemarle Corp earnings conference call. My name is Suwanda and I’ll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw, Director, Investor Relations and Communications. Please proceed.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Suwanda and welcome everyone to Albemarle’s fourth quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of market yesterday and you’ll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investor Section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today; are Luke Kissam, President and Chief Executive Officer; John Steitz, Chief Operating Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I would like to ask everyone to please save the date for Albemarle’s 2012 Investor Day which will be held in New York City on Tuesday May 22nd. Registration and event details will be e-mailed in the coming weeks and we look forward to seeing many of you there. As a reminder, some of the matters discussed during the call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Also, to the extent that we discuss any non-GAAP financial measures, you’ll find reconciliations in our press release we just posted on our website at albemarle.com. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Luke.
Luke Kissam: Thank you Lorin and good morning everyone. We appreciate the opportunity to share our fourth quarter and full-year results with you today. I’ll begin today by commenting on the company’s quarterly and full-year results and we’ll share a few highlights of some of the major initiatives that we have previously discussed with you. John Steitz will then walk you through business segment performance before Scott Tozier reviews financial highlights. As usual, at the end of our prepared remarks we will open it up for your questions. I am delighted to report that despite a challenging global operating environment in the fourth quarter, Albemarle closed 2011 on a strong note with fourth quarter net income of $99 million or $1.11 per share, up 21% year-over-year. This marks the ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year profitability improvement for us. Net sales of $707 million were up 17% year-over-year while operating profits of $136 million were up 22%. Fourth quarter operations generated $209 million of cash flow and we ended the quarter at targeted inventory levels and better than expected working capital levels. Great results. In fact, from an earnings standpoint, it was the best fourth quarter in our history and prior to 2011, would have been the best quarter in our history. These strong results capped a great 2011 for Albemarle. Full-year 2011 earnings were a record $436 million or $4.77 per share compared to $3.56 per share in 2010. Net sales for the year totaled $2.9 billion, up 21% year-over-year. Full-year EBITDA was a record $701 million and was up 29% year-over-year. Profitability as measured by either operating margins of 20% or segment margins of 24% respectively achieved new highs.  Great year and a great first step towards Vision 2015. Scott will talk more in a moment about our financial results in detail. However, I want to highlight that we generated around $0.5 billion of cash this year. That allowed us to increase our capital expenditures and plan for future growth, fund our pension liabilities, repurchase 3 million shares of stock and increase dividends to shareholders for the 17th straight year. Even with those cash expenditures, we ended the year with the strongest balance sheet in our history and the financial flexibility to fund the many opportunities that we have before us to grow our business and provide reasonable returns to our shareholders. 2011 was not only an exceptional year from a financial standpoint, but I am also very proud of how we went about delivering these results. From an operation standpoint, our safety and stewardship performance was one of our best ever. From an innovation standpoint, we were excited to announce the development of a proprietary technology for lithium extraction from our Magnolia branch. We proved the technology is commercially viable and competitive, set up our power plant in Magnolia and are well along in the development and design phase of our commercial unit. As a further testament to our innovation, 31% of our sales were from products that were commercialized within the last five years. That type of innovation has helped us continue to expand our margins over the years. I am very proud of our 4000 employees around the world whose talents and discipline allowed us to deliver such outstanding results. As I look to 2012 and beyond, there's many reasons to be optimistic about our business prospects. I am happy to report that we've met each of the critical milestones that we outlined for our major capital projects. We broke ground and are proceeding on schedule with our TEA joint venture with SABIC in Saudi Arabia and our wholly-owned poly-olefin catalyst center in Korea. We are on schedule in the design and development stage of our HPC project with Petrobras in Brazil and are well on the construction on the doubling of our bromine and derivatives capacity in Jordan. All of these investments are required to address the needs of the marketplace and we look forward to bring them online over the next few years.  Specifically bromine and Clear Completion Fluids in Jordan are expected to be operational in mid to late 2012 with Tetrabrom to follow in 2013. The Saudi and Korean sites should be operational in late 2012, early 2013 and the timing of Brazil which we currently project to be operational in 2015 will be largely dependant upon Petrobras’ demand forecast. The recent release of the EPA Mercury and Air Toxics Standards which require power plants to limit their emissions of toxic air pollutants including mercury should also be positive for us. We began positioning ourselves with this opportunity when we acquired Sorbent Technologies in 2008 and that business now forms the core of our environmental division which is well situated to assist the power industry to comply with this multi-pollutant standards through our portfolio of products and services. In particular, we offer state-of-the-art demonstration services to provide air emissions monitoring and mitigation fees ability and engineering expertise to the market. This service allow prospective clients to evaluate various strategies for compliance before making significant capital outlays. As a result we remain optimistic about our ability to capitalize on this growth opportunity in our Vision 2015 timeframe. Another example of how we are expanding our existing technology into adjacent markets is in the area of organometallics. For many years, Albemarle has been the market leader in organometallics with leading positions in TEA, MAO and TMA. TEA is the co-catalyst for poly-olefin and other growing markets. MAO is a leading activator for the production of single-side poly-olefins and TMA is an essential building block in the production of single-side activators serving the poly-olefin market and of ultra-high purity organometallics served in the LED and electronics markets. In recent months, we have completed capital projects that will enable us to increase production of our PureGrowth family of products to serve these growing markets. In 2012 we expect to add additional production capacity that will allow us to continue to maintain our leadership position in these markets for the foreseeable future. Additionally, the projected trends in crude slates and refining economics bode well for our refinery catalyst business. We provide a wide range of over 60 different FCC catalysts and additive products and over a 120 different HPC catalyst products. However, our strong suite is where refineries are looking to upgrade the heaviest, dirtiest resist feeds that will generate maximum propylene yields. Given the fact, this is the sweetest light crudes are expected to become price year, it is becoming increasingly evident that we are poised to be profitable in the long run and need to invest in new units with the most advanced capabilities in processing cheaper, heavier crudes and still meet more stringent environmental standards such as lower sulfur specifications. We continue to invest in catalyst developments in this area to maintain our competitive advantage and are well positioned to continue winning more than our bear share of installations and refills as refiners continue to migrate to heavier and more sour crude. While this calls for an optimistic view of our future, there are headwinds to deal with and 2012 will be no exception. Some we already know about and others will surely develop during the year. For example, in 2011 we saw pension increase by $6 million to approximately $27 million.  In 2012, pension expense will increase by approximately $20 million due to the combination of a decline in the discount rate used to measure our pension obligations and lower than forecasted asset performance in 2011. I like to underscore that our funded status remains quite strong. Nearly 100% and we do not expect to need to make cash contributions to our plans until 2014 at the earliest. We are however, sworn methods of restructuring our defined benefit plan such as our non cash expense will be smaller and more predictable going forward, while at the same time providing the competitive benefit plan to our employees. We will share more on this topic in the coming quarters as we complete our assessment. From a portfolio management standpoint, over the years, we’ve shown consistent discipline in addressing underperforming assets. Such actions in fact have accounted for a portion of the margin expansion we’ve experienced over the years. We’re currently engaged in a portfolio review that could result in our strategic alternatives for certain assets and businesses. As we’ve done in the past, we will keep you updated as our plans begin to take shape. In closing, our businesses are healthy and we expect to perform well in 2012. Our best guess today is our businesses will generate earnings during the first half of 2012, resembling levels achieved during the second half of 2011 and that the end markets we serve, would begin to accelerate in the second half of 2012. If that recovery occurs, we would expect to grow our business in 2012 and continue to make progress towards the goals we outlined in Vision 2015. With that I will turn the call over to John to discuss our operational performance for the quarter.
John Steitz: Thanks Luke and good morning everyone. I will start with Polymer Solutions, which reported fourth quarter net sales of $209 million and segment income of $37 million on a double-digit volume decline. Weak mineral flame retardant volumes and unfavorable fixed cost absorption were the key drivers. Polymer still achieved 18% segment margins reflecting the impact of structural changes in the business and an overall healthy pricing environment. Mineral flame retardants profits fell by more than 50% year-over-year during the quarter on 37% lower volume. Because Europe represents majority of our mineral flame retardant revenues, results were directly impacted by progressively worse sentiment throughout the quarter.  Brominated flame retardant volumes rose 10% year-over-year or were down 8% sequentially as economic uncertainty prompted more conservative inventory management across the electronic supply chain. Lower anti-oxidants and curatives results also contributed to Polymer’s quarterly performance. Segment income for this division was down largely due to absence of a major production campaigns supporting high speed rail orders and the timing of select anti oxidant campaigns, which will now occur in the first quarter. For the full year excellent pricing, reasonably strong demands through three fourths of the year and structural initiatives allowed Polymers to deliver full year net sales in excess of $1 billion for the first time, up 11% year-over-year; a record segment income of $238 million up 20%, and record segment margins up 24% an expansion of 180 basis points year-over-year. Looking forward to 2012, January flame retardants order patterns are picking up with enclosures, connectors and printed wiring board order patterns all reflecting more positive trends in recent weeks. We continue to monitor customer order patterns closely and remain focused on keeping our inventory levels in line with customer demand. In catalyst, higher pricing and healthy global volume drove fourth quarter net sales of $290 million, up 25% year over year; segment income of $84 million, up 43% year over year and segment margins of 29%, up 400 basis points year-over-year. Refinery catalyst revenue and segment income growth of 30% and 53% year-over-year was largely driven by strong and balanced portfolio. For the full year broad based strength across each division resulted in sales exceeding $1 billion for the first time at $1.1 billion, up 25% year-over-year. Catalyst also reported record segment income of $324 million, up 30%, and all time high segment margins of 29%, up 100 basis points. Each division delivered excellent financial results with refinery catalyst sales and segment income rising 28% and 32% to all time highs as FCC and HPC both generated record income levels. Similarly the performance catalyst solutions sales and segment income rose 20% respectively to new records. Polymer catalyst results were driven by combination of continued growth within the components business where we have a long standing leadership position and excellent traction within the finished catalyst adjacency. Notably, the electronic materials divisions is an emerging growth driver. The successful introduction and acceptance within the market place of our PureGrowth family of products into the emerging LED markets is a having a positive impact. Heading into 2012 the first quarter outlook for HPC is quite strong. FCC should generate modest growth, as emerging market driven demand offsets developed economy’s sluggishness where weaker miles driven remain apparent. Within Performance Catalyst Solutions, long running trends driving demand for specialty and bulk plastics should continue to support organometallics growth supplemented by the impact of new technologies. Fine Chemistry had a superb quarter setting a record for net sales which rose 36% year-over-year to $209 million; segment income of 62% year-over-year to $43 million and profitability with segment margins rising 300 basis points year-over-year to 20%. Results were driven by record Performance Chemicals and Fine Chemistry Services revenue up 20% and 67% and record segment income at each division. Performances business unit reflects a diverse net of growth opportunities and the successful transformation of its product portfolio in recent years. Performance Chemicals growth was driven by completion fluids which ended the year in a strong position to support higher growth levels in the Middle-East and rejuvenated Gulf of Mexico. However, strong market control, water treatment and food safety growth also contributed handsomely to results. Fine Chemistry Services growth was driven in part by doubling of long-term programs in the Specialty Materials and Ag sectors and our strategy of evolving this business toward becoming an enabler and partner in developing complex chemical processes is beginning to payoff. A year-on-year doubling in Ag and remediates profits and good specialty pharmaceutical results were also important. For the full year, strong pricing and excellent volumes within each division were a record net sales of $750 million, up 32% year-over-year and they are doubling in segment income to a record $140 million, and the highest profitability in segment history to segment margins of 19%. The performance of our quarter brine fluids business was noteworthy, as the business is poised for a strong 2012. Overall, Fine Chemistry set for another excellent year of growth in 2012 with a great pipeline of custom projects within Fine Chemistry Services and a healthy portfolio of exciting new advancements of bromine chemistry into food protection, energy and stewardship of our environment. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott to discuss some more financial results.
Scott Tozier: Thank you John and good morning everyone. It’s tough to overstate how impressive the company’s 2011 financial results have been given the macroeconomic backdrop. I am pleased to confirm that on a full year basis, we met each financial objective laid out in the Vision 2015 planning framework articulated at Investor Day. You will recall that framework cultured double-digit growth in revenue, earnings per share and cash flow, a focus on disciplined capital allocation and 20% returns on capital. Each year, on our march towards 2015, will not be as robust as 2011, but it’s nice to be off to a great start. In the fourth quarter, we generated EBITDA of about $153 million [$163 million], up 16% year-over-year and an EBITDA margin of 23%, roughly in-line with the year ago period. Full year EBITDA rose 29% to $701 million, year-over-year to a new record with full year EBITDA margins of 24.4%, up 140 basis points and also setting a new record. In terms of P&L items of note, R&D expense was $19 million during the quarter, up 29% and ended the year at $77 million up 32% as we continue to invest in a number of organic growth opportunities including the strategic adjacency initiatives we outlined as part of 2015. For the full-year R&D cost as a percent of revenue were 2.7%, rising 20 basis points versus 2.5% in 2010. Fourth quarter SG&A expense rose 12% year-over-year and ended the full-year at $312 million, up 17% versus 2010 driven principally by performance-based pay and higher pension expense. These costs were well contained for the year declined 30 basis points as a percentage of net sales to 10.9% versus 11.2% in 2010. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter and full-year was 23.3% and 23.6% respectively, essentially flat versus the full-year 2010 rate of 23.6%,as the level and location of our income helped us to maintain our rate year-over-year. Our Vision 2015 planning framework set-forth an expectation of generating a cumulative $3 billion in cash from operations over five years. Fourth quarter and full-year 2011 results place us on target in this regard. Specifically, exceptional earnings results and our focus on cash generation during the quarter translated into cash flow from operations of $209 million excluding pension and post retirement contributions during the fourth quarter, which contributed to outstanding full-year cash from operations of $553 million excluding $60 million of pension contributions up 34% year-over-year. We closed the year with net debt of $294 million, down 11% from year-end 2010. During the year when each business unit established new net sales records maintaining working capital discipline was essential to our success at driving such strong cash flow generation. Specifically, net working capital as a percentage of sales ended the year roughly 200 basis points lower at 18% compared with 20% in 2010. In absolute dollars, net working capital only rose 7% year-over-year to $507 million compared with a 21% net sales increase for the year, an extremely healthy 1,400 basis point gap between the two. We are also on or ahead of target from a capital allocation standpoint as measured by CapEx, dividends and share repurchases. Specifically in 2011, we invested $198 million in CapEx of which $41 million was related to our joint-venture Jordan Bromine Company or JBC as we made strategic investments essential to capitalize on opportunities we have identified and just deliver the organic growth strategy we’re pursuing. Regarding dividends, we raised our quarterly rate by a total of 25% this year and overall distributed $58 million in dividends to shareholders during the year. Notably, the total increase was much higher than the 10% to 15% average increase per annum guidance indicated in our planning framework. In terms of share repurchases, in 2011 we returned $178 million to shareholders by purchasing 3 million shares or roughly 3% of the total shares outstanding at the end of 2010. Given that our planning framework indicates that we intend to buyback between $200 million and $400 million by 2015, we’re clearly ahead of plan on this measure as we nearly bought back the low end of that range this year alone. Looking forward to 2012, we expect CapEx to approach $300 million as we commence the expansion of bromine derivatives capacity at JBC in Jordan. We continue construction of the plant that we are building in Korea and expansion of our U.S. metal [appeals] capability to name a few of the investments. Nearly all the projected $100 million year-over-year delta between projected 2012 CapEx versus 2011 is related to the expansion at JBC, a joint venture that is consolidated on our financial statements. It’s worth noting that this will be entirely funded from JBC’s cash from operations with no long-term incremental debt preferred. From a foreign exchange standpoint, we foresee that the decline in Euro in recent months if it persists near current levels through 2012 will represent a headwind at the average rate reflected in our 2011 financial results was approximately $1.40 per Euro. We estimate that each $0.01 change in the dollar-Euro exchange rate impacts earnings per share by approximately $0.01 due to translation. Today, the Euro is trading at $1.30 which will result in an annualized headwind of roughly $0.10 per share. In terms of taxes, at this time, we expect our 2012 effective rate to be around 25%. In 2012, we will continue to focus on generating excellent cash flows and making improvements in our working capital efficiency. Our ability to generate cash from earnings will give us the ability to fund our organic growth and acquisition opportunities and return cash to shareholders. With that I will turn the call back over to Lorin for Q&A
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, at this time we will take questions.
Operator: Thank you (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: John, you mentioned some order in pattern improvements in bromine as far as in January, is that normal seasonality or is that something more from restocking or a pick up in market demand you think?
John Steitz: Yeah, David, normally we have a weaker December with inventory corrections and I think that was a bit exaggerated at the end of 2011. So I think a bit of that is normal seasonality and we have the Chinese New Year kicking in relatively early. So we are still hoping for a bit of a boost in the first quarter here as customers restock. But I will add this David. We saw more emergency orders in the brominated flame retardant chain than I think I can recall in near-term history. So it’s just another asset to consider and there is a lot of destocking going on along in the chain.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: And just on HPC, you mentioned a strong Q1 order book. How does Q2 and even Q3 look in that product chain?
John Steitz: Well, I would say overall where say six months ago, we thought very confident that we would have pretty high mid-teens year-over-year volume growth. I would say we have mitigated that a little bit, but year-over-year we still see volume growth in the 7% to 10% range in HPC. So we are starting out very strong in the first quarter. As we said sold out and second quarter, we will dip a little bit from that level. But generally, I mean, there is a lot of better seasonality there too because everyone is at least in North America and Europe preparing for the driving season. So we typically have stronger HPC volumes in the first quarter and that mitigates a little bit in the second quarter, but overall for the year we feel still very good about it.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: And John just last on your JBC expansion, what will take your bromine capacity to and where is it coming from?
Luke Kissam: From a JBC expansion, it will take JBC in the range of 120,000 met tons at JBC for running flat out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar with Citigroup. Please proceed.
PJ Juvekar - Citigroup: You know in polymer additives, it’s almost like two different segments with brominated flame retardant seems to be doing well and then you have the struggling portfolio of mineral flame retardants, antioxidants and curatives. I was wondering if you could slice those two pieces and compare the profitability for us?
John Steitz: The real driver for us has always been brominated flame retardants in our polymer’s business, no question about it. So typically we are talking about in the range of 2/3rds of our profitability on brominated flame retardants, but one thing I’d note for you is what we saw in bromine in the fourth quarter was reasonably healthy volumes, you know we talked about a 10% up year-over-year, down a bit sequentially. But when we saw that, we really took some aggressive steps, you know we had sales down sequentially 7% to 8%, but we did take production down over 20% and we brought our inventories down very healthily, so to give us a good position for 2012. But anyway, hopefully that frames up the various pieces for you. The biggest issue we had in the fourth quarter in polymers was by far mineral flame retardants with all of our, majority of our business being based in Europe and every time Italy or Berlusconi or Greece was mentioned, you know, we saw a decline in customer orders in that business. So the good news is we see volumes picking back up in the first quarter which is good.
PJ Juvekar - Citigroup: And then secondly you talked about lithium extraction in Arkansas, can you tell us how much lithium is there in the brine compared to some other deposits and what kind of operating earnings impact can you expect from that?
Luke Kissam:  Yeah, from a standpoint of what lithium is in the brine, PJ, it’s hard to tell until we get in there and actually start operating. We’ve got estimates based on what the brine is and we think that we’re going to have, what I would say is a commercially viable process and volume. You obviously can’t enter that market with too limited a volume where you can’t really have a real play to be consistent for your customer. So we wouldn’t be going in if we didn’t think we could have a commercial scale product there. And I think that when we look in at it, when we get both of them done, both sides done we would be in the range of 10% or so of the market. It is what we would hope to be able to capture from those lithium extraction technology we have today.
John Steitz: But very cost competitive position, PJ, at the end of the day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could give us a little update on taking out the rare earths in your catalyst business. Obviously there was a strong need to do that just six, nine, 12 months ago and looks like that need is moderated a bit, so has that sort of stifled the transition, are you agnostic to that change and just give us an update there.
John Steitz:
 : I think we are being helped a bit by the volatility in the crude slate as Luke mentioned, very much heavier crudes being utilized globally, but anyway to answer your question it has mitigated a bit, but us and others I think have been reasonably successful in helping this broad slate of refiners globally achieve what they are trying to achieve with on rare earths.
 : I think we are being helped a bit by the volatility in the crude slate as Luke mentioned, very much heavier crudes being utilized globally, but anyway to answer your question it has mitigated a bit, but us and others I think have been reasonably successful in helping this broad slate of refiners globally achieve what they are trying to achieve with on rare earths.
Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs: And Luke you mentioned something about maybe finding or coming through and finding some assets that you can do some with from an M&A standpoint. I guess maybe I wasn’t paying attention closely enough, but is that separate and distinct from the 2015 plan and if so why wouldn’t that have been incorporated then?
Luke Kissam: When I was talking about M&A, what I was looking at is some of our underperforming assets, so we have got some assets that we look at from time to time, are all these assets giving kind of returns that we need. And you know we want to surprise you guys with the fact that you are doing an evaluation today and maybe taking some actions. Well I want to highlight today that we have got that evaluation under way which should result in possible divestiture or shutdown some assets or consolidating and want to give you heads up on that.  We are still looking on the outlook for M&A that would be still be included within that Vision 2015, hadn’t pulled the trigger on anything, very meaningful today, but that don’t mean we haven’t been out there knocking on doors and looking and still think that’s a critical piece of our Vision 2015. 
Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs: So is it fair any assets you are considering would be modest in scale?
Luke Kissam: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company: I guess first of all a question across your bromine derivative portfolio. Can you give us updates on pricing trends and if there were no further price increases in 2012, how much of a tailwind, you'd expect all else being equal?
John Steitz: Overall, our price environment has remained very healthy across the bromine chain. If you look at brominated flame retardants and I strip out the mix effects, our brominated flame retardant pricing improved sequentially 3% and up over 25% year-over-year. That’s a pretty significant driver for us. In clear brines, that’s in course fine chemistry, you know our pricing has remained pretty healthy there and we’re seeing some significant step up in volumes. So we will revisit that as we go forward, but overall very across bromine, brominated flame retardants and some of our advanced bromine derivatives remains very healthy from a pricing point of view. I say the biggest impact going forward in 2012 is the improvement brominated flame retardants beyond the first half and that’s going to be I’d say the most significant issue that they we are tracking from a pricing volume point of view.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company: But is it fair to say just triangulating very roughly on the derivatives portfolio, it looks as if that will contribute about 2% to 4% total topline sales? Is that roughly the right order of magnitude?
John Steitz: On the entire bromine chain, yeah I’d say that’s a pretty good assumption.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company: And then for the custom you know the custom chemistries that you are doing in fine chemistry for some of the new technology applications, do you have a rough sense for how much of the tailwind that could be?
John Steitz: Next year?
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company: In 2012?
John Steitz: You know we’ve always said it you know some of these new products extended out of full year would be in the $0.15 to $0.20 per share range. So our fine chemistry model is really working well, very proud of it and a lot of new opportunities coming in.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company: And than just lastly, can you give an update on mineral flame retardant pricing?
Luke Kissam: Mineral flame retardant pricing in the fourth quarter held-in there pretty well. So it was roughly flat sequentially, up 4% to 5% year-over-year. We got the euro going down year-over-year. That impacts our translation on pricing. The general view in Europe is with volumes softening in the fourth quarter, pricing discipline was awfully good and now we are seeing volumes pick up. So overall we are hanging in there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets: In terms of 2012, you sort of gave us a couple of headwinds of foreign currency, pension, and looks like tax rate teeny bit higher. Could you help us frame up some of the positives that could offset those headwinds and I think you sort of softly suggested earnings should grow in ’12 versus ’11? 
Scott Tozier: I think what I am trying to do Mike is, right now, we have got some good dynamics for our catalyst business. So catalyst, I feel good. I think when we talked to you previously, we were talking about if we got an 80, 80, 80, 80 kind of four quarters from catalyst, just kind of strong quarters like that, we would feel good about that and we’re still doing it, we could pop up there.  In fine chemicals, John had outlined some of the things in fine chemistry services. Clear completion fluids should be strong in 2012. Halliburton was pretty bullish, on the Gulf. So that bodes well for us because we did in 2011, did a lot of clear completion fluids in the Gulf. Those were internationally. So, fine chemical services should continue to build on that momentum and I think have a stronger year in 2012 than it did in 2011, so both of those feel really good. It really comes down to polymers and what’s going to happen from a mineral flame retardant standpoint in Europe. How Europe is going to recover in that wire and cable market and how our mineral flame retardant will respond, as well as, are we going to see a pickup in the second half of the year on Brominated Flame retardants and actually key into that electronics markets. So, if we see the economy recover in the second half of the year, like we expect, we should be able to grow our business and continue on our path, the Vision 2015, Mike.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great, and then, John, in terms of the fourth quarter, where were your operating rates for bromine and where they are tracking now?
John Steitz: Mike. The derivatives from the flame retardants were running about 70%. The overall Bromine chain was pretty close to sold out, Mike. I would tell you the pick up in clear completion fluids our more controlled business is doing much better, second half was really strong for us. We mentioned some of the new products in food protection. And so our bromine chain was very tight, call it 98%, 95%.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets: So, these you had in the fourth quarter from, sort of, reducing your inventories. How big was that and that sort of comes back in the first in terms of profitability?
John Steitz: Yeah. The, well, what I tried to indicate in our script was we’re going to keep an eye closely on inventory. So, we stay in line with customer demand. But we also believe that the fourth quarter 2011 bottomed up from profitability perspective and we’re taking that number up in the first quarter. So, that feels pretty good. So the impact of reducing production volumes in the brominated flame retardant chain was probably $10 million to $15 million of absorption issue for us in the fourth quarter of ’11. So we feel we got inventories in a good position right now.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then last question on brominated flame retardant pricing is, you have some flow through, don't you, heading into this year and any expectations on further price increases depending on I guess how demand unfolds in the second half?
John Steitz: Yeah, Mike we are just going to keep a real close eye on that. We feel really positive about it and we get a nice correction and political environment calms down a bit and we get on top, I mean those kind of volume trends all help the pricing environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: So in the first quarter to just to clarify, you expect your average prices to be higher than they were in the year ago period?
John Steitz: Yeah, that's correct, yeah. There would be pricing across polymers probably up mid-single digit year-over-year excluding any mix effects.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Secondly, can you talk about your, I guess maybe your three or four major raw materials and how you expect them to fair for 2012 and what might be the effect on your income statement?
Luke Kissam: Jeff, let me give you a shot on that. I mean if you look at that from a dollar stand point, I understand it's the metals that our going to our catalyst business, moly and the nickel and the metals as well as the rare earths. So we talked in detail about rare earths, where that's going from the 140,000 in that time to 55,000 in that time.  The key on that is this going to be how the pricing in the contracts that we passed through that rare earths and the cost that we acquired rare earths for and what that spread does and how we are able to manage that. The metals for HPC does seem to be fairly stable John, across 2012. So we wouldn't see that, John. The other impact is where we’ve got our biggest volume of products would be due to a high rate in our mineral flame retardant business and there are limited numbers of suppliers there and we finalize on negotiation of those contracts and should have a little bit of headwind there but we are working to mitigate that and are trying to find a way to find some alternative sources that that will allow us to be better there. So from a volume standpoint I think it is 88 from a dollar standpoint we got the metals and the rare earths we talked about previously. 
John Steitz: Okay and then you have the fencings and all, BPA and a change in the volatility associated with it Jeff. So we always try to work to get that passed through. As we mentioned rare earths and metals and overtime that should really have no impact on the P&L.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: And do you get some benefits from lowering natural gas prices and from lower chlorine costs?
John Steitz: Chlorine is pretty stable. We’re in bit of tailwinds situation network on natural gas. Natural gas consumption is based on production levels. But that could be a little bit of better, every buck is call it a nickel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Schwartz with First Analysis. Please proceed.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: John if you could at least help us with the year-over-year volumes change for HPC and FCC in the fourth quarter give some idea how those changed?
John Steitz: Yeah, it was, HPC was flat year over year and up just year sequentially, Steve.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Okay. So that was HPC and FCC?
John Steitz: Yeah, FCC was up little bit sequentially you know call it 27 and 8% and really flat year-over-year.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Okay.
John Steitz: Really impact there. Though I will say that the mix really improved and as I have said this crude slate is getting more difficult to deal with. We’re seeing more heavy resist FCC catalyst sales than we did year ago.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Okay. and as you are going to the first quarter here in the order book for HPC is strong. Doesn’t that usually have an impact to negative impact on FCC volume?
John Steitz: Yeah, there is that seasonal impact Steve for sure. So we probably start to get little bit slower on FCC volumes but picking up through the course the summer spring season.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Yeah.
John Steitz: That’s right.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: And so you are coming off a quarter to fourth quarter where the operating margin in that business was pretty strong. What impact would you expect that to have on first half margin in that part of the business?
John Steitz: For the whole year, we think we can hold this margin. So, we had a really nice spike in the third quarter of longer term. To get our margins at that level is our real goal. But we feel pretty confident about holding onto the margin level of what we achieved in the fourth quarter.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Would you feel you had a bit of a tailwind in the fourth quarter as a result of declining cost in rare earths versus pricing?
John Steitz: Right. We have talked about that in the past and that impacts that business by 150, depending on the mix 150 to call 250 basis point margin this year. 
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Okay, and then just one last one for Scott. You guys mentioned the higher pension expense, should we just assume then corporate expense for 2012 would be about $20 million to $25 million higher than it was in ‘2011?
Scott Tozier: Yeah. Corporate expense, yeah. That’s about right from the pension impact, although some of it gets absorbed into the businesses as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Yang with Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Just feed-backing on the previous question on catalyst volumes in the fourth quarter were marginally negative and you mentioned HPC and FCC were basically flat. Could you just elaborate why the volumes were flat there?
John Steitz: Yeah, yeah. That’s a good pick. Yeah, you are right. In fourth quarter 2011 volumes were down a bit. In the last quarter of ’10 there is a lot of, what I’d call, experimentation going on and we did sell some regenerated catalyst in FCC, which is a little bit unusual for us and that happened in fourth quarter of ’10. So the year-on-year volume comparison is a little bit awkward, if you will because of that, volume spike last year.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Okay, and what are your expectations for 2012? Catalyst volumes what would that be?
John Steitz: I am sorry, Ed, I was talking over you.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Overall expectations for catalyst volumes, you mentioned HPC up a mid-single digit, FCC you expect to be up positively as well?
John Steitz: Yes, we do, yeah. I would call mid-single digit as well. So overall our volume outlook right now is reasonably healthy.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Okay. And Fine Chemistry, your volumes were very strong there, up 24%. Was that more, you mentioned, custom projects in both clear and [bulk] brines, which was the larger contributor and your expectation for 2012 volumes?
John Steitz: Yeah. The Fine Chemistry, [ag, intermediates] and the new materials was probably about 60% of the total 40% was clear brine’s mercury control and food safety. So hopefully I will give you a little feel there.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: I mean, what’s a good run-rate for growth in 2012 because I know, Fine Chemistry could be somewhat lumpy in terms of the growth.
John Steitz: Yeah, because of the nature of those products, and we sell some products in gram quantities that could drive down the share for us, right? But I would say overall, projection, we will grow volumes in Fine Chemistry, the [SBU] and total year-over-year and we’re seeing a pretty strong tailwind right now in Clear Brine fluid’s activity, especially with the products slate we play into, deeper exploration and usage of heavier brines.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Okay, and just finally on Polymer Solutions volume could you just talk a little bit on the volatility you are seeing there; you know your guidance for fourth quarter volumes were more flattish, it came in below that and you had indicated you are seeing some improvement there, but in the prior quarter you saw some improvement as well. So what happened from November to December to lead to the sequential volume decline you saw?
John Steitz: So, you know I would say the biggest volume driver for us was clearly mineral flame retardants and we saw a weaker back half, the half of October, we saw a weak November and really running on thins in December. As a matter of fact, I remember our biggest US customer, we actually had a delivery scheduled on a Saturday just giving an idea of inventory levels and it didn’t arrive till the following Monday and it shut our plant down. This was the raw material of entire shipments probably $30,000 or $40,000. So it just gives you a feel of how low our customer base is running their inventory levels to, but it’s just crazy. And it has the mineral flame retardant volumes have as I said, appear to be picking up now in the first quarter. In brominated we had a pretty good September so we talked about we are feeling pretty good going into the fourth quarter. We also saw it really slowdown in November which surprised us; a lot of destocking there. And as I mentioned, we saw more emergency orders and we can recall in near term history in December and volumes appear to be picking back up. So overall, we don't want to get carried away with our polymer view for the first quarter, but we believe our profit level will improve in the first quarter of ’12.
Luke Kissam: Yeah, this is Luke. To give you a little bit of idea, if you look at mineral flame retardants, our volumes in mineral flame retardants in the fourth quarter will lower than the volumes that we saw in first quarter of 2009. So we had all time low from a volume standpoint in mineral flame retardants. Bromine like John said was up, but that’s a big volume over there; we’ve made a lot of volume in it and it was down to that level. So remember when we talked in the third quarter or in autumn we talked to you about how we have strengthened this business over the years taking these hard steps with pricing, with asset consolidations, with some efficiencies’ that we've got. I think the fourth quarter, we’re sitting here talking about how we had a sluggish quarter, if you really look overall from an Albemarle standpoint, it would have been the best quarter in the history of the company before 2011. So we had some real challenges that we have overcame and our hope that people understand what this means for the strength of our business. We’ve got strong business and we feel good about 2012; if we can get some help from that economy, in the second half we can grow this business; but it is going to be the second half here in 2012.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Dimitry Silversteyn with Longbow research. Please proceed.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: A couple of questions that I have and one you sought of answered that on a couple of discrepancies that we are seeing in the growth of volumes in the Fine Chemicals division and in the Polymer Services division or solutions division. But it sounds like majority of the volume growth was attributed to the custom synthesis part of the business. On the catalyst margins, if you kind of take what Luke has said about that sort of 80 million a year a quarter run-rate you know roughly speaking in terms of profitability, it looks like your year-over-year profitability will be similar 2012 to what you have delivered in 2011 about 26%, 27%. You know you have quite a bit of step-up in the last couple of years; so what you know with metal price declining, with rare earth prices declining, with all of these projects that you have going on-stream in 2012 in South Korea and in Saudi Arabia with a much maturation of the Polymer Catalyst business, why would we not expect to see more meaningful margin expansion and profit growth in the Catalyst division in 2012 versus 2011?
John Steitz: Yeah, let me take a crack at that Dimitry; but just to clarify, you know what Luke said is, we see a new base in the catalyst call it 80 million a quarter with one quarter of that is likely to pop-up for us, you know maybe in the heavier driving season, we don’t know if its going to be second quarter or third quarter you know at this point, but we see that and we believe we will grow our catalyst business, I mean we’re really clear about that. And margins, managing margins with raw materials and like you said rare earth is all part of that equation.
 : So, but we believe we can just summarize, and we’ve been to grow our Catalyst business 2012 and we’re positioning it for some exciting growth in 2013 and onward.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay, alright. Thanks for that color John. And then a question about Polymer Solutions margins, I understand that when you are running your flame retardant business at 20% utilization rate, it’s hard to get good margin. On the other hand mineral flame retardants, which sounds like the area where you suffered the most volume decline; it also happens to be I believe, one of your lower margin businesses. So why wouldn’t you have a positive mix impact on margins and you know -- I mean, I would expect to see that at mid-teens operating margin out of the polymer additives. So, I guess I am just looking for some clarification of what happened there in terms of under-absorption versus pricing and declining raw materials and improving mix?
John Steitz: Yeah, so I think the overwriting point I like to make as year-over-year and sequentially for that matter in the fourth quarter, we had probably a 15 million in under-absorption in brominated flame retardants and it was probably in mineral flame retardants in the $5 million to $8 million range. So that gives you a feel, if it haven’t been for that we would have been right in the box of where our profitability was at the end of 2010. So it’s really, I would say we kind of had the luxury of two really strong businesses performing very, very well and we saw that midway through the quarter. And we decided to get more aggressive in terms of our inventory levels in the flame retardant chain and for that matter curatives and anti-oxidants.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. So it sounded like that the slightly positive volume year-over-year account that you had in brominated flame retardants you talked about was mostly in inventory liquidation rather than manufacturing, so your under-absorption was over-emphasized if you will, relative to the numbers which you’ve delivered?
John Steitz: Yeah, just to state, in brominated flame retardants, our sales sequentially were down about 7%. We took production down 20%. And we took inventories down between 15% and 20%.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay.
John Steitz: In polymers, so, I mean it was, I thought, really good cash management and you saw some really strong cash generation from the company. So I mean that all has kind of played into trying to position ourselves you know, to grow a company in 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil with Sterne Agee. Please proceed.
Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee: Most of my questions have been knocked out, but you mentioned expansion in the U.S polyolefin catalyst capacity this year. Can you remind us of what’s going on there and how much you’re adding?
John Steitz: Yeah, I mean, what we’re trying to do is a lot of these new, we talked about organometallics with TEA and MAO and TMA. This apply that all fall into that market for plastics as well as the LED and electronics chains and we’re doing some fairly significant debottlenecking so that we can make sure that we are ready to supply that growing demand going forward. So, that’s a big growth area for us. We’re excited about it and we want to make sure that we’ve got the capacity there to serve the customers that what they need around the globe.
Luke Kissam: Yeah, and in our plant here in Baton Rouge where we make our active Cat line of products, which is a total catalyst solution for polyolefin producers. We expanded that plant during the downturn and it was sold out almost immediately. So that’s an additional debottlenecking we’re doing here right in town.
Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee: So broadly speaking, I mean are you sort of super tight and generally sold out across the polyolefin catalyst in the US you know in addition to the active Cat recently?
John Steitz: As the general rule, that's a very broad statement but as a general rule, yes, its been very tight and we feel we need to take the steps to expand around the globe in addition to what we are doing in Korea and in addition to what we are doing in Saudi to be able to service the customers and be there with the solutions that they need and when they need it.
Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee: And broadly speaking, how much do you feel like you are going to be able to get these debottlenecking?
Luke Kissam: In terms of revenue?
Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee: Percentage wise.
Luke Kissam: Oh boy.
Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee: Or revenue, either way.
Scott Tozier: 15% to 18% to 20%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Aleksey Yefremov with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Aleksey Yefremov - Bank of America: I just wanted to double check on elemental bromine chain, on bromine chain. In elemental bromine, John I think you mentioned your utilization was about 95% in the quarter?
John Steitz: Right Aleksey.
Aleksey Yefremov - Bank of America: Does that mean that you might be capacity constrained in the first half of ’12 before Jordan expansion kicks in?
Luke Kissam: This is Luke. We do not fore say what we’re going to have any situation where we are capacity constrained. There are some debottlenecks that we can do, we’ve expanded some wells in Magnolia, that will becoming online and we feel great about the capacity that we need to be able to service it and when we bring it online there is going to be a lot of questions about this. So when we bring that capacity in Jordan online remember we’re going to bring it on an as needed to meet the demand that we see out there. Its not such that we've got a habit of running a 100% on day one, we will be very good at storage of that bromine and bringing online as needed. So I don’t say we’re in under supply in the short term or an over supply in the long term.
Aleksey Yefremov - Bank of America: And then just a quick follow-up on antioxidants campaign that has spilled over into Q1 what’s the approximate impact on sales or earnings? 
John Steitz: You know that all these things said when we run one of these campaigns for our curatives business it usually absorbs, call it $4 million to $5 million. So we’re continuing to manage inventories very tightly as we mentioned Aleksey. So broadly speaking, we view that our polymers business is going to pick up in the first quarter, but we're managing it very closely and we don't want anybody to get carried away with the expectation here, but we feel, we've have been through the worst in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And with no further questions, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw for closing remarks.
Lorin Crenshaw: Well, we thank you for your time and your questions and look forward to seeing you at Investor Day and certainly give me a call with any further questions.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Luke Kissam – President John Steitz – COO Scott Tozier – CFO Lorin Crenshaw – Director, IR and Communications
Analysts: Alex [ph] – Bank of America P J Juvekar – Citi David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank Steve Schwartz – First Analysis Jeff Zakauskas – JPMorgan Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs Laurence Alexander – Jefferies & Co. Mike Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2011 Albemarle Corporation earnings conference call. My name is Feb [ph] and I’ll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. If at any time you require operator assistance, please press star followed by zero and we will be happy to assist you. As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Lorin Crenshaw, Director of Investor Relations and Communications. Please proceed.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thanks Feb [ph], and welcome everyone to Albemarle’s Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings are released after the close yesterday, and you’ll find our press release earnings presentation and non-GAPP reconciliations posted on our website under the investor section as Albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today, are Luke Kissan, President and Chief Executive Officer, John Steitz, Chief Operating Officer, and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, some of the matters discussed during the call may include forward looking statements as defined in the private securities litigations reformat of 1995. Please not the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Also, to the extent that we discuss any non-GAPP financial measures, you’ll find reconciliations in our press release we just posted on our website at Albemarle.com. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Luke.
Luke Kissam: Thanks, Lorin, good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today as we report record earnings for the third consecutive quarter. I’ll begin today’s call by sharing some highlights from the quarter, John will then talk about specific drivers of our results, and Scott will cover the quarter’s financial highlights. As always, at the end of our prepared remarks, we will open it up for your questions. Out third quarter financial performance was a success by any standard. We achieved record earnings for the third straight quarter, and recorded the second highest revenue level in company history. Excellent pricing traction across each business and strong catalyst and fine chemistry volumes throughout net sales of $723 million up 24% year-over-year. These factors combined with effective raw material utilizations, favoral mix, and great execution drove segment income of 186 million up 30% year-over-year and operating margins of 26% of 118 basis points year over year. Earning that appeared were an all time record of $116 million or $1.28 per share, up 25% year-over-year. Great results, ahead of our vision 2015 strategy to double the size of our business. In Catalysts, strong volumes, higher pricing, favorable currency, and effective recovery of raw material inflation drove record net sales of $300 million, up 39% year-over-year. These factors combined with favorable mix and a solid performance from our JVs resulted in record segment income of $102 million, up 48% year-over-year. And segment margins of 34%, up 190 basis points year-over-year. In Fine Chemistry, raw base pricing initiatives and volume gains drove Fine Chemistry net sales of $180 million, up 30% year-over-year. Segment income was $30 million, up 82% year-over-year. And segment margins were 16.7%, up 480 basis points year-over-year. This business continues to demonstrate impressive operating leverage as pricing, volume, and manufacturing efficiencies continue to more than offset higher cost. Polymer Solutions reported net sales of $244 million, up 5% year-over-year and segment income of $55 million down 7% year-over-year. We indicated during the second quarter earnings call that we saw early signs of weaker demand within selected end markets in Polymers. How much of that would be stocking and how much of that was truly reduced demand remains to be seen. In spite of this Polymer’s delivered the second best third quarter in its history and reported segment income over eight times higher than that of the fourth quarter 2008, the first down quarter in the last economic slow down. While Catalysts results were truly outstanding this quarter, our year-to-date performance has been balanced and broad based. The year-to-date segment income of both Fine Chemistry and Polymer Solutions already sees their entire 2010 segment income levels. The growth opportunities before us have never been more compelling. And I am pleased with the way our management team is balancing today’s execution with tomorrow’s adjacency opportunities. The fundamental trends driving demand combined with our focus on cost, innovative customer solutions, cash generation, and operational excellence position us well to deliver on our short and long-term objectives. Polymer Solutions has been a source of questions among investors in recent months. I would like to share with you why we are confident that this business will continue to perform much better in the current or future downturn than it did in the 2008-2009 slow down. First, we’ve lowered our overall cost structure via our Plan C implementation and has been diligent in keeping cost from creeping back in. Secondly, we’re constantly upgrading our portfolio. Approximately 25% to 30% of our annual revenue typically comes from new products that were not in our portfolio five years ago. We generally realized a margin pickup with these new products and that has certainly been the case in Polymer Solutions with the phase out of decabrom and transition to 8010 and the transition of our Martinal mineral flame retardant product from LE to high-performing LEO grades. Thirdly, our pricing strategy has been successful. Brominated flame retardant pricing is up around 50% and mineral flame retardant pricing is up about 30% since 2009. And finally, we don’t believe volume declines are likely to be as severe as they were in 2008 and 2009. Polymer’s inventory days are 50% lower this quarter than in the fourth quarter of 2008. The Chemtura supply agreement provides us with higher bromine operating rates and a much softer landing in the slow down. The electronics, automotive, and construction markets which amounts about 25% of our total company sales seem unlikely to suffer decline is steep since U.S. electronic sales are only up – only up 5% from the 2009 floor and the global construction market has not yet experienced a significant rebound. Collectively, we estimate that the impacts of these actions equates to approximately $25 million to $30 million per quarter, an incremental Polymer Solutions profit of volumes similar to the 2008-2009 down turn. In essence, we’ve reset the earning’s floor for Polymers to $100 million – to $120 million or so per year, a significant improvement versus 2009. Turning to some of our strategic initiatives, we talked before about our new Greenfield sites under way in Saudi Arabia, Korea, and Brazil and the doubling of our bromine and derivatives capacity in Jordan. I’m happy to report that they are all proceeding as client. Each one is an important piece of vision 2015 and has an investment pieces space upon attractive, long-term growth trends and our competitive advantages in these specific markets. We’ve not seen anything in the marketplace that would cause us to rethink the timing of these investments and look forward to bring each of them online over the next few years. Scott will talk to you in a minute about the strength of our balance sheet and our cash flow, but it’s important to note that that strength that allows us to continue both speed ahead with these major projects, fund and pursue of adjacencies, pursue acquisitions that makes sense and return capital loss shareholders. In this quarter, we repurchase three million shares of stock at an average price of around $57 per share. Our board has also authorized us to buy back up to another 5 million shares if we deem that appropriate. Finally, we recently announced the 6% mid-year dividend increase which brings our annual dividend to $0.70 per share. As accustomed, I expect the board to consider an additional dividend increase in the spring. We continue to have confidence in the long-term value of our company and we’ll continue to use our cash flow to enhance that value. In terms of a fourth quarter outlook overall, we continue to believe as we stated during the second quarter analyst call that are second half results will look a lot like the first half so we are comfortable with the fourth quarter consensus which stands at $1.6 share of today. Despite an anticipated sequential decline in catalyst in fourth Q, we expect it still should be a very solid quarter. The fine chemistry order book trends suggest sequential improvement and profitability versus a third quarter due to continued strength and clear blind volumes, seasonally strong act sales, better mix and a restore of our NV, PT production facility. That facility was offline during the third quarter for an expansion but it’s back up and running and currently sold out. While Polymer solutions sales and profitability are typically, seasonally weaker in the fourth quarter, current order pattern suggest that volume should remain relatively flat in fourth quarter. It’s too early to talk in detail about 2012. We’ll share more and we’ll report fourth quarter earnings in January. Nevertheless, the strength of our businesses and the opportunities we see ahead of us give us confidence that assume a slowdown but not a prolonged recession. We have the capacity to continue on our march toward vision 2015 and grow the business in 2012. With that, I’ll turn the call over John.
John Steitz: Thanks, Luke, and good morning, everyone. I’ll start with Catalyst which delivered outstanding performance by any historical measure and set numerous records. Refinery catalyst revenue and seven income each rose over 40% driven by record levels in FCC profit and a double digit increase in FCC revenue to an old time high. HPC results were also stellar with sales up 55% year over year and biomes up 35%, marketing the third straight quarter double digit year on year growth. In refining, key value drivers for us included higher customer operating rates as plant issues at a few larger customers who were dragged on results during the first half of 2011, and also continued expansion and growth in China, Brazil, India and the Middle East. Polyolefin catalyst also reported record profits on strong sales growth and double digit volume growth. We continue to benefit from growing global demand for plastics and rapidly developing economies. In particular, traction towards shifting the business toward higher value-specialized catalyst systems and in addition, early success on our new line of High Purity organometallics into the LED market. On the topic of raw materials, a key priority obviously remains effectively managing the Rare’s dynamic by securing adequate supplies and effectively passing through these costs. If you are aware the rare of price index started 2011 around $60,000 metric ton and rose to $140,000 per ton by the end of June. Starting in August, the index began declining and ended the quarter around 80,000 a ton. We continue to help customers find ways to minimize the use of rarers in our FCC catalyst. We’ve been successful in these efforts and during the quarters have good traction towards enhancing our low rare earth competitive advantage and demonstrating responsiveness towards our customers in managing this dynamic. Specifically approximately 38% of our customer formulations have moved to lower rear earth catalyst and another 20% are currently under customer evaluation. Overall in the third quarter, outstanding supply chain execution, good buying growth and exceptionally good product mix, growth catalyst margins higher. We anticipate finishing the year strong and positioning our business for another year of growth in 2012. Within Fine Chemistry, performance chemical’s profit grows an impressive 64% on 31% sales growth. As you know, this division benefits from tremendous end-market diversity and a wider array of growth drivers. Clear brine growth remains exceptional with volumes up over 50%. Middle East demand in particular offset continued weak Gulf of Mexico trends. Other profit drivers included stronger means performance and sales into the food safety, industrial water treatment and mercury control end-markets. Our food safety business set a new profit record during the quarter and in light of the recent food recalls, Albemarle has been instrumental in working with key processors across the globe to implement food safety solutions that will provide for effective control of food-borne pathogens. While we’re closely watching developments related to the upcoming EPA decision on mercury, it’s notable that mercury control delivered strong revenue in the profit growth benefiting from the advancement of regulations both domestically and internationally where governments have already adapted more strengths and standards. Fine Chemistry services also reported excellent sales and profit increases of 23% and 40% year-over-year respectively, driven by exceptional results across our specialty pharmaceutical lines in particular. A very healthy pipeline of perspective opportunities and contracts for 2012, including Sega [ph], Emrest [ph] and other proprietary specialty compounds gave us confidence in the outlook for this business. Polymer Solutions volumes were down in the order of 15% year-over-year primarily due to mineral flame retardant volumes in Europe. However, segment income of 55 million was more than double the product levels of quarters during 2008 and 2009 when we reported similar volumes. It’s important to note that Polymer’s segment income was achieved despite a 49% year-over-year stabilizers and curatives profit decline due to the absence this year versus last year of the data production campaign supporting high-speed rail orders from China. This performance provides the first in what we expect will be a series of operating data points confirming that we’ve successfully reset the earnings floor for this business during transitioning to higher value-added products, shedding under performing assets, pricing initiatives and after having restructured our R&D efforts. October and November order book trends lead us to expect that the decline in total volumes have stopped while the array of cost, new product introductions and pricing initiatives we have led over the past two years should continue to support strong margins for our business in the future. So with that I’ll turn it over to Scott.
Scott Tozier: Thank you, John and good morning everyone. This quarter marks a new level of profitability for our company as we set an EBITDA record of $189 million up 25% year-over-year, a new record sale of $723 million, up 24%. Our EBITDA margin was up 30 basis points year-over-year to 26%. On a year-to-date basis, we’ve generated $538 million in EBITDA, up 33% from 2010 and our EBITDA margin is 25% of 190 basis points versus the same period a year ago. Our balance sheet remains very strong. If you go back to the third quarter of 2008, net debt, excluding non-guaranteed debt from our JBC Joint Venture stood at $728 million. And our leverage as measured by net debt to EBITDA was 1.7 times. By contrast today, our net debt is $384 million even after the share buyback this quarter and leverage has fallen to 0.6 times EBITDA. In addition today our businesses are generating higher cash flow than at any other time in our history. Turning to some P&L details, R&D expense is up 43% year-over-year as we continue investing in organic growth opportunities including the strategic adjacency initiatives we outlined as part of Vision 2015. So, the first nine months of 2011, R&D cost as a percent of revenue are up 20 bases points, to 2.7% versus 2.5% for the comparable period in 2010. SG&A expense rose 25% versus Q3 2010, principally driven by increased personnel cost, sales commissions and foreign currency impact from the stronger Euro. Year to date as a percent of sales, this line item is actually down 30 bases points at 10.8% versus 11.1% during the same period a year ago. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.1% up 100 bases points versus the third quarter of 2010 rate of 24.1%, driven primarily by increased profitability and higher tax rate. At this time, I expect our full rate to be 23.7%. Now on the cash flow. Year to date free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations, add back pension and post retirement contributions, million dollars for the period and is down 15% year-over-year. Our cash from operations, excluding pension contribution was actually up 13% to $343 million year to date. So, the free cash flow decline is mainly due to higher capital expenditures of $127 million, double the amount spent during the same period a year ago. The CapEx increase reflects investment in the Korean and Jordanian projects we’ve discussed and domestic investments in our bromine and polyolefin catalyst businesses. We expect full year CapEx to come in between $180 million and $200 million. This is up from previous guidance and reflects excellent traction on our adjacency growth projects and our drive for further manufacturing efficiency. Notably, year-to-date, we have essentially distributed all of our free cash flow to investors in the form of $178 million in stock repurchases and $43 million in dividends. And we’re still able to fund our ongoing projects. The impact of the shares repurchase during the quarter was $.02 per share for Q3 and will $.04 in the 4th Quarter. Our weighted average shares outstanding for calculating diluted earnings per share were 90,958,000 for Q3. Unless, we decide to repurchase additional shares during the 4th quarter, you should use 89,684,000 shares for 4th Quarter and 2012 PPS calculations. Net worth and capital is $110 million net of FX from December 2010 or 23% mainly due to higher business activity in line with our accumulated year to date sales growth of 23%. Our working capital as a percent of revenue is a healthy 21% as compared to 26% three years ago in Q3 2008. Our past due accounts receivable balances remain well-controlled and have actually fallen from 10% at year end 2010, to 5% as of September this year. Additionally, as sales have grown, we remain vigilant in managing inventory. Specifically, inventory has grown 20% net of FX from the end of 2010, driven mostly by increases in raw material pricing, primarily rare earths. Unit inventory levels are up only 4% from year end and total base sales and inventory are flat. A testament to our increased operating discipline. Further, relative to the 2008 recession, our date sales and inventory has dropped nearly 30%. Finally, towards the end of the quarter, we entered into an amended and restated credit facility. We now have $750 million five-year credit facility in place of our previous $675 million facility. We also have the ability to borrow an additional $250 million under the terms of the agreement. A few quarters ago, it was not possible for even strong investment grade companies like ours to obtain five year facilities. Therefore, we are pleased to lock in a five-year deal secure funding at attractive spreads and achieve an improved covenant package, with only one financial covenant, a leverage test of 3.5 times EBITDA. We believe this credit facility and our exceptionally strong balance sheet provide the financial where – to fund most organic or strategic opportunities, we would likely contemplate as part of our vision 2015 business plans. With that, I’ll hand it back over to Lorin for Q&A.
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, we’d like to open it up for questions at this time.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Questions will be taken in the order received. Please press star one to begin. And our first question will come from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America.
Alex – Bank of America: Hi, this is Alex [ph] for Kevin. A question about catalysts, if you look at your profit year-to-date, is it fair to say that the run rate should be somewhere in the middle between 3Q profitability in the first half?
John Steitz: Yes this is John Steitz. Yes, that’s a good barometer, I’d say. And that’s kind of what we’re looking at, a very strong finish by any measure.
Alex – Bank of America: And I guess digging a little bit into catalysts, of the 26 percent price gain there, could you give us an idea of how various products faired in terms of pricing, FCCHPC et cetera?
John Steitz: Yes, the biggest – the majority of that pricing improvement was the FCC catalyst which is increased based on what rare earth is doing. That’s why I try to pay particular attention in our formal comments around rare earth issues related to impact on revenue. But our polyolefin catalyst business did quite well on price too, year-over-year it was up double digit and mid single digit sequentially. And our HPC business tracks (inaudible) has been on the sequential decline – and that pricing is tied to that.
Alex – Bank of America: So what is your outlook for SCC pricing for 4Q and early 12?
John Steitz: Well there’s a lag involved in that, Alex, so there’s a lag going up as we saw in the first half, and there’s a lag going down as we’ll see in the fourth quarter, and part of the first quarter. So not so much I’d say it’s muted in the fourth quarter – we have – if index pricing stays where it is now in reverse, we’ll see a bigger impact towards the second, third and fourth quarters of next year.
Alex – Bank of America: All right, thank you.
John Steitz: You’re welcome. Operator Your next question will come from the line of PJ Juvekar with Citi.
PJ Juvekar – Citi: Yes, hi, good morning.
John Steitz: Hey, good morning PJ.
PJ Juvekar – Citi: You know, in polymer solutions, there are a lot of moving products, so can you quantify the size of curatives or stabilizer business that declined substantially? And also the mineral flame retardant business? What I’m trying to get at is, what’s the sort of core Brominated flame retardant business did in the quarter.
John Steitz: Okay, yes PJ, let me start with the Brominated flame retardant business, up nicely year over year, but on a declining volume. So price more than adequately covered decline in volume. Year over year was down low to mid single digits, so on a volume basis, pricing year over year was up about 20%, was up 4% sequentially, so our momentum or our pricing continues despite the sluggish volumes. Stabilizers and curatives on volumes were down, we wanted to highlight the issue of the one curative, we call it beta [ph] we make that in Pasadena. Last year, in the third quarter, we had a strong production campaign for it, and revenues were doing quite well, and this is all related as a curative for the rail lines – or on high speed rail on China. We’re still very hopeful that that will pick up again next year. But those were the big impacts. The biggest volume impact, and I don’t think people are really aware of this, but I’d like to highlight it, was in mineral flame retardants. And at the height of some of the economic crisis, politically, you know, a lot of European customers were in the middle of shutdowns and turnarounds in their plants in Europe and we tended to see that extended in August. So that was probably the biggest volume impact that we saw in the Polymer Solutions business and I think between those three, we’ll give you a little better picture of it.
Luke Kissam: Yeah and PJ, this is Luke. I think we talked volume that we sell on an annual basis and two products, SCC Catalyst and mineral flame retardants is typically make up about 25% of that total volume so when we have a movement like we’ve had in mineral flame retardants, it can really impact the volume as we look at it from a quarter-to-quarter or sequentially our year-over-year so you have to be mindful of that.
P J Juvekar – Citi: Okay, thank you and then what’s happening to the profitability of the Chinese bromine (inaudible)? What are bromine prices in China and is there a potential for more shutdowns? Thank you.
Luke Kissam: One of the things that I think we’ve done in the past PJ is - I think there’s a certain level at which if bromine prices is over at a certain level, it really doesn’t matter to us. It’s not really a competitive advantage or disadvantage for us so we don’t really look at what the bromine prices coming out of China. I think it’s probably dipped a little bit from the highs that we talked about but it’s just that, it still causes an issue coming from a call standpoint and competing with us on a derivative basis which is the key because as you know only about 10% of our bromine is sold as elemental bromine. The value that we get in derivatizing that bromine is when we really extract brine from the Polymer Solutions business. So I wouldn’t look too much at any specific number whether it’s up or down within a range like we’ve seen here, it’s going to move around a little bit depending on what’s going over there. I think that you’re going to continue to see shutdowns of bromine capacity in China and those resources continue to be depleted going forward.
P J Juvekar – Citi: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. Luke and John, what’s your expectation for the decline in bromine flame for volumes in Q4 versus Q3?
John Steitz: Yeah David, we’re seeing it now as flat with Q3 so that is hence drove our comment that we have seen as volume erosion stopped. I just like to give you a little color around that though. In the third quarter, we saw reasonable volumes in July, softer volumes in August, stronger volumes in September and October volumes have maintained at that September level and November looks a little bit better which has kind of led us to a pretty strong conclusion that there really is an inventory correction that’s occurred here and won our customer base. There was somewhere buy in correction in the fourth quarter of last year and brominated flame retardants and I believe that that’s kept any kind of inventory build from occurring though the course of this year. So that’s why we remain pretty confident our volumes have stopped and going forward in the fourth quarter will be a flat to maybe up slightly if we get a little bit of an assist.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: And John, given the strange of seeing bromine as far as - how much pricing do you think you can get in 2012 versus 2011 in bromine and flame retardants?
John Steitz: Yeah, we remained positive about the pricing environment David. We saw in bromine and flame retardants of 4% sequential improvement and I think, more importantly, we really focused on some of our specialties in the back half of the years, in the back half of 2011 and actually, in that range of products, we saw really terrific momentum year-over-year and about a 15% to 16% increase sequentially. So if we get a volume assist next year with volumes improving, I think we’ll get our mojo back on pricing.
Luke Kissam: And David, this is Luke, I think when you go back and we look at 2009 when volume started coming back, the key for us is we didn’t have to give away a lot of price for volume. It was a pricing game that people going back near the volume, it was main coming back. I felt a little bit around it and nobody was out there giving away price to try to gain volume so we were anticipating that our pricing would hold for the value that we’re able to deliver to the customers in that area going forward.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: And lastly, I may have missed this, what was the actual volume decline in mineral as far as in Q3, quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year?
John Steitz: Yes. Well, you say, you know, we polished about 15% and the majority, almost two thirds of that was in mineral. So that’s the way to look at it.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: So that equates to how much for minerals?
John Steitz: It was – yes, higher than the average, right? So it’s 15% to 20% decline.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
John Steitz: Uh-hmm.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steve Schwartz with First Analysis.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Luke Kissam: Hi.
John Steitz: Hi, Steven.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: John, can you talk a little bit about refining FCC? You know, refiner profitability has been doing a little bit better, but I think accrued process is down. So what was your FCC volume year-over-year? And how do you see the current economic environment for refiners playing out with the HPC replacement?
John Steitz: Yes. With – you mean rare earth replacement, Steve?
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Well, that’s going to be my follow-on question.
John Steitz: The HPC replacement, okay, I understand.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Yes, yes.
John Steitz: Well first, you know, volumes year-over-year were up mid single digit, okay, for us. And it was double digit sequentially. Overall, you know, there continues to be – to be a lot of pressure on the U.S. and European refining base, but we see growth in the Middle East and India more than offsetting that. And even – and you said refining margins have improved. And that’s true. But it’s very disparate. You know, the East and West Coast are really being hit with a lot of imports. The Midwest continues – the Midwest and Southeast and west continues to be in pretty good shape. So it’s very disparate as the way I’d say. But overall, globally, you know, we continue to see growth opportunities in FCC and especially in some of the high propylene yielding Catalysts desired in the Asian regions. A lot of growth potential. So hopefully that kind of frames up FCC for you. HPC has been I think aided by these higher refining margins you talked about, impressive. You know, we talked about it in our formal comments. We were seeing strong volumes in the fourth quarter. And this could kind of build the foundation for almost I’d say a record setting first quarter of 2012. So we’re trying to, as we said, finish a strong 2011 and position the business for some nice growth for 2012 in both FCC and HPC.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Okay. And then, you know, John, you did kind of lead in to my follow-on question. With the – of the fact that – so, you’ve got rare earth pricing coming down.
John Steitz: Right.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: And at the same time you’re transitioning your customers into Catalysts with a lower concentration of rare earth, how do you see this dynamic playing out? Do people go back to the legacy products with the higher concentrations? And, you know – or do they stay with the lower concentrations? And what does that do to your profitability?
John Steitz: Yes, Steve, we’re not concerned about impacting profitability overtime. We consider to pass through. Thus in fact our working capital as Scott iterated. But overtime we’ve done – I think we’ll just pass through those cost. There’s a lag going up as I described earlier. There’s a lag going down. And we’ll see that at both ends. So it will affect revenues to a degree and margins to a degree. But the – at the end of the day the actual profit dollars generated will be based – they’ll be driven based on the value of this Catalysts produced for the individual refiner. So keep that in mind. We’ve I think dealt extraordinarily well with the rare earth issue. I think that 60,000 of ton which is where it’s running today, that will ease the pressure for a conversion. But at the end of the day, you just have to have… [Audio Gap] performance in this catalyst. That’s what really counts.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Okay, great. Thank you, John.
John Steitz: You bet, Steve.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jeff Zakauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zakauskas - JPMorgan: Thanks very much. Good morning.
John Steitz: Hi. Good morning, Jeff.
Luke Kissam: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Zakauskas - JPMorgan: Can you remind us how much your raw material cost inflation was even through the nine months or what you expected to be through the year exclusive of the raw material passed through in catalyst having to do with rare earths.
John Steitz: Well, Jeff, let me give you the broad number and we’ll talk about pass through. The total headline number for this year is about 140 million. That breaks down year-over-year about 25 million in the first quarter, about 40 million in the second quarter, third quarter is about 50 million, and then the fourth quarter will ease to about 25 million. So that should add up to about 140 million year over year. The majority of that is rare earth. As you can see at the end of 2010, we’re probably lagging in getting the rare earth coverage. And now, we’re achieving that rare earth coverage. And then the balance, the bigger issues are benzene and ethanol, that chain. That’s easing a bit, as you know. The other inorganics and things like that are not a big part of the equation but hopefully that would kind of put it in the context for you.
Jeff Zakauskas - JPMorgan: So in general, raw materials are looking pretty good for you for next year, I would think, or certainly better than whatever your forecasting was. How do you see raw materials for next year?
John Steitz: Very volatile. You know, hard to predict. But we really try to stay on top of this every week here in the company. I’m hoping, you know, the rare earth issue, you know, will subside and stabilize. Molybdenum seems to be stabilizing. But we have to be prepared for volatility in these metals markets, right? Ethanol, benzene, very closely tied to oil. Obviously, oil has a degree of volatility, but we’re comfortable in dealing with that and all of our product lines. So we’re going to deal with it. We don’t have a view yet on 2012 on raws and energy. But we’ll keep you tuned in on that.
Luke Kissam: I mean, Jeff, the only thing I’d say, if you can go back and look over the last three years of what we thought raw material inflation was going to be and then what it actually turned out to be, we usually were underestimating the impact of raw material inflations. And what we’ve got to do on a daily basis, really, is manage those inflations and still deliver the kind of earnings that we expect in our shareholders for these things so more to come on that as we finish our AOP process for 2012 and roll that out to you guys in January.
Jeff Zakauskas - JPMorgan: Just a couple of more short questions. In the catalyst segment in the quarter, as raw materials came down, was there a meaningful sequential benefit to profitability?
John Steitz: No, no. There’s a good of an inventory effect and most of the big issue there is rare earth, right? And so we’ve – I think coming down, we weren’t really purchasing a lot of rare earth in the third quarter so I can’t say it had a big impact.
Jeff Zakauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. And then lastly, you bought 3 million shares at $59. And–your stock’s a little bit cheaper than that now. So, you know, if it was a pretty good deal at $59, you know, how was it in $40s? And you know, if you have to guess as to when you would complete your 5 million share repurchase, when do you think you might complete it by?
Luke Kissam: Yeah, I think – Jeff, we obviously think that $59 was a good price. We spent $180 million roughly on our returnee and value to shareholders that we had to share and buy back. We got a great wealth of opportunities in front of us and we will continue to be opportunistic in buying back shares. But you shouldn’t expect that when we do our first quarter call or fourth quarter call that I’m going to tell you that we bought back another 5 million shares. We’re not expecting to do that. This is consistent to what we’ve done in the past where we have – had the board authorize a number of shares and then we selectively go in here and had made opportunistic bias.
Jeff Zakauskas - JPMorgan: Okay, thank you very much.
Luke Kissam: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning.
Luke Kissam: Hey, Robert.
John Steitz: Hi, Bob.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: Can you guys talk a little bit about the clear brine fluids? I mean I recognize there’s been a tremendous growth. Is that an issue of a low-base number that makes it look so exaggerated and what’s the forward path look like there? And then secondly, within the fine chemical segment, I know you guys are reluctant to disclose specific profitability but might you be able to rank order, you know, the individual subunits in terms of profitability or importance to the profit stream?
Scott Tozier: Yeah but – I’ll give the crack on this, John. Yeah. Well, first I think you’re exactly right. Clear brine’s volumes in the third quarter were up nicely year-over-year, aided by the fact that volumes were so mediocre last year in the third quarter. They were stronger in the second quarter of 2011. And so sequentially we saw a decline in volumes but our profitability was about flat because we had a lot of pricing momentum in that business. But it was up dramatically year-over-year because of that pricing traction. But if you go forward, we are looking forward to a big fourth quarter, aided mostly by international base completions in the Middle East and Asia. So that is looking – it could be a record force in the fourth quarter. And we’re also looking – it appears to us to be a very strong build-up for 2012, aided by continued completions internationally and then tracking opportunities in the Gulf of Mexico, one opportunity appears to be gaining a lot of momentum could hit towards the middle of next year. So overall it’s a real good story. If I’ll look at the overall profitability ranking, I mean that’s hard to do because on any given day in Fine Chemistry we have a really well-managed portfolio of businesses. What I would highlight for your is our ag and ag-related intermediate business tends to be a 4Q thru one quarter buying-in phenomena. So we weren’t really aided at all in the third quarter by our ag and ag-intermediate business and that appears to be gaining some traction as we speak. Then you have the bromine chain, specialties of clear brines, hydrobromic acid, the bromates and bromine-intermediate into our food safety chain. That, I’d have to rank as number one with specialty, brominated intermediates that go into very broad array of end-markets. And that is probably number one. Second would be our Fine Chemistry services business for gaining a lot of tractions especially for next year with a couple of really nice opportunities for which we have contracts and orders in place.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: And then if I might follow up in flame-retardants. Should I view your contract with Chem Tour [ph] as maybe sort of an insurance policy when trends are weaker, it’s an advantage to have it. But when the market is quite tight, you give up a little bit of upside or how would you suggest we look at that supply arrangement?
John Steitz: Yeah. It’s hard for me to say we give up some of the upside because you have to assume we’d be selling that and if they would to the in-cost. So the way I look at it is they might have make a bad decision, we still make better than – on the stuff that we’re selling but it’s not as profitable as our other businesses but it certainly does run our assets harder in slower times than we would if we did have that contract off.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks, Scott.
Scott Tozier: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: Good morning.
Scott Tozier: Hey, Laurence.
John Steitz: Hey, Laurence.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: I’ll first want to clarify one of your earlier comments, did you indicate that just catalyst would have a very strong Q1 or was it the entire catalyst segment? So just HPC or the entire segment?
John Steitz: Well generally in the first quarter, Laurence, this is John, when we have stronger HPC business we have FCC behind us. A little bit too early to tell where FCC behind the picture looks like at this point but we do know that the HPC order book is really strong. It could be a record level on the first quarter.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: And how much was the earnings impact year-over-year of the absence of data?
John Steitz: I think that was in the range of $6 to $7 million force.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: For surfing back to catalyst, if your customers were to migrate entirely to the lower rear-earth product lines, how much of the tailwind would that be to margins? Or is it more of a volume benefit?
John Steitz: No. I think there is a margin or profit. We’ve really haven’t kind of frame that up and I’m not sure I’d want to go into that level of detail. But we did price these products on a value basis given the – crude is coming in, the heaviness, the metal contamination issues, then the products slate that a given refinery wants to use. But we haven’t – I don’t think we disclosed publicly the margin of impact for that.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies & Co.: And then just lastly on the bromine derivatives – do you have any areas in the derivatives channels where you have cut prices?
John Steitz: Not on my watch. So, we’re keeping an eye on that. And you know driving is value is really important to us as a company, Laurence, so, to my knowledge, no. There hasn’t been any price cutting.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies & Co.: Ok. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your next question will come from the line of Mike Sison with Keybanc.
Mike Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets: Hey, guys, nice quarter.
John Steitz: Hi, Mike. Thank you.
Mike Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets: Luke, I appreciate you giving us giving us a little bit more color in what’s different now for Polymer Solutions than in the past. Could you remind us through the end of 2011, how much bromine pricing that you’ve achieved through the pipeline?
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think it’s up about 50% overall from a bromine – bromated flame-retardant standpoint, we’re about 50%. John, is that…
John Steitz: Yes. Yes, Luke. That’s a good a way to look at it Mike. And generally, Mike, the way I look at overall Polymer Solutions, since the end of 2009, we have more than doubled the growth margin per kilo in that business as a whole.
Mike Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets: Right. And then in – and can you remind me, in ’09 versus ’08, bromine prices were basically flat in a difficult environment. And could you us a feel for why you think your pricing was able to be flat in a tough environment.
John Steitz: Well, I think in our case, you know we work really hard to generate the margins we do. To chase market share, if you will, through pricing is something that is very short term nature and in the chemical industry, just doesn’t work over the long haul. So, really tried to build in a sustainable long term thought process strategically in how price our products. And that’s why we feel so strongly about it.
Mike Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets: Right. And in terms of the in Catalysts or finding Catalyst HPC, particularly, as head into 2012, you had a very strong third, looks like fourth is coming in pretty well. Any visibility on the backlogs heading into ’12?
John Steitz: Yes, the 1st Quarter of 2012 in HPC looks sold out at this time, Mike. And I think I said it earlier, we hope to have a record in 1st Quarter in 2012. And I add that our regenerated – our joint ventures and our royalty income is also doing really well. So, it’s a combination of a lot of factors that have so positively contributed to the result in the 3rd Quarter. And I remember last year, in the 3rd quarter, just to give you a little color around this. We hit 32% margins on a similar basis. And there’s a lot people who couldn’t believe that we could keep that kind of thing going. So, when I look at the 3rd Quarter, I just believe that it’s kind of a new watermark for our business as a whole. And it makes me firmly believe that our 2015 margin targets are realistic and achievable.
Mike Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets: Great. Thanks, guys.
John Steitz: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Edward Yang with Oppenheimer.
Edward Yan – Oppenheimer & Co.: Hi, guys. How are you doing?
John Steitz: Hi, Ed.
Edward Yan – Oppenheimer & Co.: John, you sounded pretty confident that Polymer Solutions has bottomed and has hit its low but at the same time, I don’t think anyone anticipated the type of decline that you saw in the 3rd Quarter. So, with regards to your comments on the October and November book trends and order trends, how firm are those orders? Are they cancellable? Again, what’s your visibility in Polymer Solutions?
John Steitz: Well, and I’d say that – of course, these orders are cancellable but what we’re seeing, I say is a little bit more volatility. We’re seeing more short lead time orders, more emergency orders. Today, for example, we saw the best orders today in brominated flame retardants that I can recall in months. We track orders now as they're entered. We see, we have a very high line of visibility around that and we’ve seen that that has picked up. We see a good correlation over a 10-year period to the book-to-bill ratio and our brominated flame retardant volumes. We believe that there was a pretty solid correction in volumes last year in the fourth quarter and exemplified about a fact that we saw a recently strong first half and it’s my belief that we saw compare to what our customers are saying and what the book-to-bill data is saying and what we’re seeing in a lot of the lagging indicators, how strong they had been over the last few quarters that we will maintain volumes at last year’s level and at the previous sequential level. It’s my belief with the early Chinese New Year, in 2012, that we’re going to get off to a good start.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: The decline in the third quarter looks like it was overdone to your points so you probably saw some severe de-stocking. Is it possible that you’re seeing some restocking to compensate for that and what do you see if the other side of this in terms at demand?
John Steitz: I think people are painfully aware of managing working capital towards the end of this year so I don’t believe it’s been a correction on the restocking side. And the other point I may add is that the biggest part of the volume decline that we experienced in the third quarter related to our mineral flame retardant volumes, and as primarily in Europe and I think there’s a lot of confidence issues obviously affecting Europe and affected our customer base there. That volume appears to be coming back also from that third quarter level so overall, we’re feeling good about the fourth quarter. We’re feeling good about the overall profitability of the company and we feel even better about 2012 and our ability to grow that business across all three business lines.
Luke Kissam: Yeah Ed, this is Luke Kissam. Just one second. I really think one of the keys of this is we’re a stronger company than we were in 2008, 2009 or we try to focus on that and give you a view on how we’ve believe we have reset the bottom from an earning standpoint of Polymer Solutions. You remember we lost money in the first quarter of 2009. Made it back in the second quarter of 2009 and then it’s been pretty much a steady uphill climb on Polymer Solutions from that day. The steps that we’ve taken to strengthen that business should give us at that low level of volume an additional $100 million to $120 million in profitability in our Polymer Solutions sector. So we feel good about that whether it’s going in to a downturn and also as we’ve been able to crank that volume back up that we showed in 2009 and really get the (inaudible) on the pricing and the cost initiatives that we’ve gone through. We really feel that it can be a good combination when the volume starts really coming back.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: Thanks for the comments on that Luke, just final question for me on pricing. You mentioned that you’ve reached prices in the fourth quarter but given the volume trend is flattish, third quarter pricing was actually great; it was up 15%. In the last recession, pricing lag, volumes by about a couple of quarters in terms of volumes decline first and then you saw pricing structure drop off, so how confident are you that customers will accept those price increases?
Luke Kissam: Well, I’ll tell you. In 2009, I was traveling around Asia, meeting with customers and it was a manner of - nobody was asking me for price. They were asking me for volume because they had over corrected and they needed the volume and one customer in Japan particularly, he told me he didn’t care what the price was. He just needed assurances of volume. So the history of 2009 gives me confidence that while there maybe a little bit around the edges on some price, the value that we provide with these innovative solutions, but we’re not going have to get back price and we are fairly confident on that going forward from here.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, thank you very much.
Luke Kissam: Thanks for calling Ed.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw for closing comments.
Lorin Crenshaw: Well, I’d just like to thank everyone for participating in the call today. If there are any further questions, contact me at the number on the press release and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Rohr - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer  Luke Kissam - President  John Steitz - Chief Operating Officer  Scott Tozier - Chief Financial Officer.  Lorin Crenshaw - Direct of Investor Relations and Communications
Analysts:
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: P J Juvekar - Citi 
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America:
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.:
Michael Sison - Keybanc Capital Markets:
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs:
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis : Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second quarter 2011 Albemarle earnings conference call. My name is Derrick and will be your operator today.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions)  I would now link to turn the conference over to Mr. Lorin Crenshaw, Direct of Investor Relations and Communications. You may proceed. 
Lorin Crenshaw: Thanks Derrick and welcome everyone to Albemarle’s second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you will find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the investor section at albemarle.com.  Joining me on the call today are Mark Rohr, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Luke Kissam, President; John Steitz, Chief Operating Officer and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer.  As a reminder some of the maters discussed during the call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our Press Release; that same language applies to this call. Also to the extent that we discuss any non-GAAP financial measures you will find reconciliations in our press release, which is posed on our website at Albemarle.com.  With that I’ll turn the call over to Mark. 
Mark Rohr: Well thank you Lorin and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us today as we report second quarter 2011 earnings. I’ll kick off today’s call by sharing highlights of our financial results and the underlying drivers of business performance, before providing some context on the announced succession process and roles that Luke and I will assume in September.  Then Luke will discuss the trends droving our quarterly results and provide an update on several of the companies strategic efforts. John will follow with specifics about performance drives within each business segment and Scott will cover the financial highlights. As always at the end of our prepared remarks we will open it up for Q&A.  With that, I’m delighted to report that Albemarle performance reflects all-time record results in revenue, segment income and EPS for the second straight quarter. Solid volumes across most end-markets and good project contraction across our bromine and catalyst franchises drove net sale of $742 million up 25% year-over-year and 7% sequentially.  These factors combined with strong operational performance, high utilization rates and effective management of raw materials drove a 40% increase in segment income to $180 million, compared to $131 million for the prior period and operating margin expansion at 220 basis points from last year to approximately 24%. Earnings for the period were an all time record, $114 million or $1.23 per share, up 38% versus second quarter 2010 EPS of $0.89. We are very pleased with this performance and our business performance during the quarter when we faced a variety of challenges, most predominantly the continued escalation of input costs and the pressures on production and businesses to fulfill exceptional customer demand across our key franchises.  These financial results are a testament to our employees’ ability to execute and the demand for our innovative technologies we bring to the market that delivers genuine and often unique value to our customers. Looking forward we expect the second half of this year to be similar to the first half, with the third quarter stronger than the fourth. At this time I would like to switch gears to our leadership change we announced on July 18 and effective September 1, Luke fills in the role of Chief Executive Officer and I will continue my role as Executive Chairman of the Board. Luke and I have worked together since 2003. As the company begins the implementation of our Vision 2015, the Board and I thought it appropriate to take this next step and succession plan that we have been working on for the last few years.  As I said a couple of times recently, this is the time were going to be pressing the opportunity for Albemarle. I have the utmost confidence in the leadership team that we have in place and the commitment and capability of our 4,000 employees around the globe. Albemarle is well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities and we continue to generate strong shareholder returns, consistent with our Vision 2015 objectives. With that I’ll turn it over to Luke.
Luke Kissam: Thanks Mark and good morning everyone. I am honored to have been named CEO of Albemarle and to have the privilege of leading what I believe to be the best in this innovative workforce and especially chemical space. I look forward to continuing to work with Mark, the Board and the rest of our leadership team as we implement Vision 2015. Turing to our financial results; we are pleased with the performance of our businesses this quarter. Fine Chemistry and Polymer Solutions reported record sales in segment income, while Catalyst reported it’s second highest sales ever, an excellent quarter overall. Fine Chemistry’s net sale of $185 million were up 31% year-over-year and segment income of $37 million was more than double levels of a year ago. Margins of 20% were up nearly 800 basis points from last year. These results were driven by strong volumes, high utilization rates across our bromine franchise and higher bromine prices year-over-year. We saw solid volume growth in both the performance chemicals and Fine Chemistry Services business. Among the factors driving these gains, were the continuation of a short year-over-year rebound in clear brine fluid volumes on the order of 60%, better ibuprofen production levels and good demand for Ag products.  Polymer Solutions net sales of $290 million were up 23% year-over-year and segment income of $77 million was up 64% year-over-year. Strong brominated flame retardant pricing and favorable product mix more than offset softer volumes, increasing margins approximately 700 basis points to 27%. Total Polymer Solutions volumes were down year-over-year, mainly due to weaker mineral flame retarded volumes. Puritive (ph) demand was also weaker year-over-year as high-speed rail construction activity in China has slowed at this time. We anticipate that additional phases of the high-speed rail will commence over the next 12 months. As they proceed we remain well positioned to participate in that market. In Catalyst, strong HPC and Polyolefin Catalyst volumes improved refinery catalyst pricing and successful pass through of metals cost drove net sales of 267 million, up 24% year-over-year and segment income of $66 million. Segment income margins of 25% were down 300 basis points sequentially. All of this was in line with our expectations. The margin decline was due largely to unfavorable mix in HPC and lower FCC volumes. Turning to strategic initiatives; in May we talked about entering to adjacent market opportunities, where we see a growing market with an attractive profit pool, where Albemarle has a chance to achieve a competitive cost structure. One of these opportunities that we discussed was the extraction of Lithium from our Magnolia brines.  Our pilot plant is presently running and has successfully extracted the lithium from the brine; the technology works. This development is a great example of the innovative expertise of our employees, our current timeline to result and commercialization in the 2013 to 2014 timeframe.  With regard to bromine, our second quarter results reflect the benefit of the deep bottle necking projects that we completed at our bromine facilities in Magnolia, Arkansas and Jordan. In early March, we also announced a plan to double our bromine and derivatives capacity at our Jordan site.  During the second quarter we accomplished several milestones that give us confidence that we are on track to meet our original timeline and to bring phase I online during 2012, including placing orders to long delivery items and tracking with the regional engineering and construction firm that has mobilized and begun work. Once again I would like to reiterate that we intend to bring this capacity owned in phases as needed to meet the global demand.  One of the new applications projected to drive the demand for bromine over time is mercury-control as government agencies around the world consider regulations requiring industries to reduce airborne mercury emissions. The US EPAs proposed Utility MACT standard recognizes activated carbon, our Sorbent technology product line, as an effective method of reducing mercury emissions at coal-fired utility plants.  The regulation would require reductions in mercury emissions from coal-fired utilities in the US by 2015. Albemarle is uniquely positioned to benefit from mercury control regulations given our ability to supply a full range of products, equipment and services.  On the Catalyst side tighter fuel specs should continue to drive increased demand for our HPC catalyst, as developing economies join North America, Western Europe and Japan in demanding cleaner burning fuels with lower sulphur emissions.  With respect to the state of the global bromine supply demand, we are continuing to observe tight conditions overall, as demand driven by new application continues to rise, supplementing the already strong growth in traditional markets such as clear brine fluids and brominated flame retards. Overall our expectation remains that bromine and derivative supply will remain tight. As you know the price of rare earth has increased dramatically over the past year; from under $10,000 a ton to current levels of roughly $145,000 a ton. We continue to have success-securing lantinum for our SCC Catalyst. China’s recently released photo on rare earth for the second half of 2011 was 15,000 net tons, slightly above the first half quota. This bodes well for our ability to continue accessing this key raw material in adequate amounts.  We are working with our customers to find ways to use less or no rare earth in our FCC Catalyst and at the same time provide the performance necessary for the refiner to handle the challenging crude slides. To-date we’ve made good success in this area and continue to be successful in passing through the increased cost of rare earth via an escalated clause in our sales contracts. As Mark previously noted, the benefits of our focus on emerging economies was evident across each business segment this quarter. Within Fine Chemistry for instance, the rebound for completion fluids was principally driven by a year-over-year surge in orders from customers in Malaysia, Saudi Arabia and Egypt. While we should eventually benefit from rebounding rig counts in the Gulf of Mexico, the primary driver of that turn around in this business year-to-date has been markets outside of North America or Western Europe.  Demand for plastics in developing economies is contributing to a strong demand for the portfolio polyolefin catalysts that we offer. Finally our Polymer solutions business should benefit from the increased bio-safety standards and rising per capita demand for electronics and emerging economics. In closing we believe that our solid results for the first half of 2011 indicate that we are on track to achieve the type of growth we outlined in Vision 2015. With that I’ll turn the call over to John to discuss our growth drivers in greater details.
John Steitz: Thanks Luke and good morning everyone. For the second straight quarter the results for Fine Chemistry were solid, reflecting the impressive operating leverage as this business achieved record sales and income levels. These results represent a combination of new products success and continued development of our broad bromine based portfolio. Specifically rebounding demand from traditional applications such as clear brine fluids, as well as increased demand for new applications like water treatment and food protection drove revenues.  These factors combined with new product commercialization in our Fine Chemistry services model, drove operating margins exceeding 20%. Currently as that utilization rates remain at new maximum levels and as Luke stated, we project that the factors driving this dynamic will persist for the balance of the year. Overall we’re experiencing increased demand across the portfolio of new technologies within the Fine Chemistry Services business. Drivers include the positive impact of having project Tiger, our Exxon lubricant business, fully commercialized and some additional advanced materials being delivered into the growing global polypropylene market.  Our agricultural related businesses have shown strength as well. We also experienced the strong pharmaceutical business and remain excited to fulfill future orders for the Seger Contract. We are in the process of finalizing another opportunity, which we’ll announce in the coming weeks, which continues to build an impressive portfolio of new products in our Fine Chemistry unit.  Polymer Solutions had a record second quarter, thanks to balanced and strong performance across the portfolio. We experienced strong private growth in our flame retardance business up 71% and our mineral flame retardance portfolio up 59%. Mineral flame retardance benefited from strong wire and cable demand and good price realization. We are also encouraged by the recent upper trend in the IPC book-to-bill ratio for printer circuit boards which stood at 0.99 in May, up from the year-to-date low of 0.94; that’s just one positive indicator for this business. Our Catalyst segment had another good quarter and is on track for another record year. We continue to be encouraged by the improving trends in refining, especially improved customer margin, our technologies continue to help solve refining problems related to heavier and increasingly sour crude slates and the critical need for addressing added complexity due to rare earths cost.  Global demand for plastics, particularly in rapidly developing economies such as the Middle East and Asia remains strong and continues to drive sales of our Ziegler-Natta catalyst within our Polyolefin Catalyst business. Sales for this business rose 19% on a volume increase of 10%.  Additionally for some time now we have been executing the strategy of shifting the business towards higher value, specialized catalyst systems. We continue to see good customer reception to these technologies, as well as supplying advanced new products into the growing LED market.  On the acquisition front we funded the purchase of what we now call Albemarle Catalent Incorporation. The integration of this business has proceeded smoothly. Market interest is good and we’re running a pilot plant and testing various feedstocks’s as we speak. With that, I’ll hand over the call to Scott.
Scott Tozier: Thank you John and good morning everyone. I will echo the comments already made regarding another stellar quarter and the company’s continued momentum.  For the second consecutive quarter on record sales of $742 million and 25% growth, we achieved record EBITDA levels of $178 million, up 31% from $136 million last year. Our EBITDA margin is up 110 basis points year-over-year to 24%. On the year-to-date basis EBITDA is at $349 million, up 38% from 2010. This is the EBITDA margin rate of 24.3%, up 270 basis points. Now I’ll cover some expense details. Our second quarter R&D expense is up 36% versus Q2 2010 as we invest in our organic growth and adjacent the initiatives. For the first half of 2011 R&D cost as a percent of revenue is up 10 basis points to 2.6% versus the first half of 2010.  SG&A expense rose 24% versus Q2 2010. This will be driven by increased personnel related cost and sales commissions following our revenue growth. As a percentage of sales, this line item is actually down 60 basis points through the first half of the year at 10.8% versus 11.4% during the first half of 2010. Unallocated corporate expense in Q2 was $25.8 million, up $8 million year-over-year and this is in line with our ecstatic quarterly average for the year and reflects higher personnel related costs. We expect to continue to see EBITDA margin expansion and with our continued focus on working capital management and asset returns, we remain confident that we will generate sufficient cash to fund organic growth, capital investments, strategic acquisitions, dividends and share repurchases as appropriate.  Our effective tax rate for the quarter is 21.7%, down compared to the second quarter of 2010 of 24.4%, driven primarily by continued increased profitability overseas in lower tax countries. At this time we expect our full year rate to approximate 22.9%.  Turing to cash flow, year-to-date through June, our reported cash flow from operations was $146 million. This is up only 9% from the prior operating cash flow of $134 million. However this includes $56 million of pension contributions in the first half of 2011 and $24 million of contribution in 2010. Excluding these contributions, our cash flow from operations was $202 million, up 28% versus last year. Year-to-date free cash flow defined as cash flow from operations, adding that pension contributions and subtracting capital expenditures was $134 million for the period and is up 8.5% versus 2010.  Capital expenditures for the first half of 2011 was $68 million, double of what we spent in the first half of 2010, as we invest in the build out of our announced expansions in Korea and Jordan, domestic investments in our Polyolefin Catalyst business and continue to de-bottleneck our plants to produce that higher capacity levels. We still expect full year CapEx to be around $150 million.  Depreciation and amortization expense in Q2 was $24 million. That is $47 million year-to-date and is on pace with our full year expectation to be at or near $100 million.  Net working capital was up $99 million net of foreign exchange from December 2010 or 21%, mainly due to the business upturn. This compares favorably with our sales growth of 23% between Q2 this year and Q4 last year. Our past due accounts receivable balances continue to be well controlled at less than 10%.  Given our sales growth, the team has been very successful of making sure inventories stays under control. Inventory has grown only 10% net of foreign exchange from the end of 2010. More than half of this was driven by increases in raw material pricing and the remainder by volume. I am very pleased with the discipline we have shown in managing working capital during the first half in which we have experienced such rapid sales growth and increases in raw material costs. Through June of this year we have invested about $15 million in new businesses. This includes the $10 million that we invested in the Saudi joint venture in the first quarter and about $5 million that we invested in Q2 for the Catalent acquisition that John highlighted earlier. Finally we continued to pay our quarterly dividend of $0.165 per share. At this level we are maintaining a 1% dividend yield. We ended the quarter with $491 million of cash and equivalents and net debt of $255 million, excluding $26 million of non-guaranteed debt from our JBC joint venture. Our net debt had decreased by 16% from the end of 2010. Our debt to cap ratio is 30% and our net debt to cap ratio is 13% and both are down meaningfully versus year-end due to the debt reduction and strong profitability that has resulted in cash generation. Our weighted average interest rate for Q2 was 4.8%. Approximately $704 million of our debt is fixed and $68 million is floating rate a 91% to 9% split. We expect the debt portion of our capital structure to remain heavily weighted towards fixed rate debt until such time as borrowings are needed in connection with acquisitions or other strategic initiatives of size. Our weighted average floating rate at June 30 was 5% in line with last quarter, however it is up from last years rate. After paying off all of our US revolver debt in the fourth quarter of last year, our remaining floating rate debt is at subsidiaries located in countries where borrowing rates are much higher than in the US. Our average fixed interest rate stayed at approximately 4.8%. Finally as a recognition of the quality of our balance sheet, fiscal policies and cash flow outlook, Standard & Poor’s upgraded our credit rating during the quarter to BBB plus table and Moody’s confirmed it’s rating of BAA1’s table.  With that I will hand it back over to Lauren for Q&A.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thanks Scott. At this time we’d like to open it up for any questions. Operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question is coming from the line of David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark Rohr: Good morning David.
Scott Tozier: Good morning David.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Mark you mentioned that earnings wise the second half should be some of the first half. That imply earnings per share of around $4.75 for the full year, which is above where our consensus is right now. Is that where you were intimating?
Scott Tozier: You are awful specific there David. What I’ll say is there’s a lot of anxiety in the world today, but frankly we are not seeing that reflected in our businesses. We are seeing a strong third quarter and to be honest we don’t have a lot of visual in the fourth quarter, but you know classically fourth quarter is a bit weaker.  So if I kind of roll those, I’d say it’s a little bit of a mirror image for the year, with the third kind of similar to the second and the fourth probably a little bit similar to the first, but again, I’m guessing on the fourth.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: And just on bromine prices, can you comment of element of bromine prices in China as well as where you are in flame retarded bromine prices.
Mark Rohr: Yes David, let me take that. We are continuing to see a lot of momentum across the bromine chain. Bromine flame retardant prices are up sequentially in the range of 10% and the entire I’d say bromine and bromine derivative changed quiet well.  One of the things we are really encouraged by David is we’re beginning to see our customers benefit from these activities, vis-à-vis because of the tightness and lack of supply in China. Our customers, competitors have found the inability to produce their product because they are not able to procure the necessary bromine derivatives which are really critical in some of these chemical processes and so we are beginning to see the start of that and I think that’s really encouraging, so just to give you a little color on that.  China bromine prices now are beginning to see a back up and because of some of these ongoing supply issues.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: You do have an actual number for China bromine prices right now John?
John Steitz: David I haven’t seen anything in the last week, but it’s somewhere in the range of we’re talking 4,000 to 4,500 a ton, but I just kind of harping back to you two, you know we look at this whole portfolio.  Commercial bromine is just really a small piece of the total package here, because you have to look at clear brine fluids, what was the price of bromine, hydrobromic acid, some specialties that go into water treatment protection and then you have the whole portfolio of brominated flame retardant and not to mention mercury control and where those prices are, so our whole net back is higher than that $4,500 a ton indicator for commercial bromine. I just wanted to kind of highlight that to you. 
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of P J Juvekar from Citi. Please proceed.
P J Juvekar - Citi :  Hi, good morning. 
Mark Rohr: Good morning P J. 
Scott Tozier: Good morning. 
P J Juvekar - Citi : You know in Polymer Solutions your volumes are done 1.5%. How much of that was due to curatives in China and how much volumes were down in China? 
Mark Rohr: Yes, the curatives for the high-speed rail project P J are a big part of that. We didn’t see any benefit in the first half from that. We are encouraged that China has gotten through some of these problems related to the high-speed rail project and it appears to us that they remain committed to that. So we don’t have anything in our forecast now for the second half, but if that does come back into play that could help the overall business volume wise by a couple of 100 basis points.  The bigger issues year-over-year are mineral flame retardant volumes were down. Those are about double of what brominated flame retardant volumes and year-over-year brominated flame retardant volumes were right in line with last year. So if I look at Polymer, I think a good way to look at Polymer volumes is that its following a similar trend as last year, so the entire number is higher year-over-year than last year. So that’s the way we are currently looking at volume trends. 
Scott Tozier: P J one of the tough things about volumes for us is we have and you’ll see those volumes in 800,000 ton range, all in the annual sales front. And two products represent 250,000 tons and so you know subtle changes in those overshadow volume from the higher value products that we have. So its one of the tough things about looking at a segment and volumes. We apologies for that, but that’s just kind of the way it is for us. 
P J Juvekar – Citi:  Okay and then in catalyst I understand the rarer situation and the pass through which lowers margins, but your absolute dollars were down in profitability. You mentioned unfavorable HPC mix and lower FCC volumes. I was wondering if you could just drill a little deeper into that. 
John Steitz: Yes, PJ this is John. You know the first quarter was an absolutely stellar quarter for Catalyst and there was a very favorable mix of profitable products within HPC and that did not happen again in the second quarter though year-over-year we had favorable volumes in HPC.  So as you kind of look forward I think we are through the worst. As we said last quarter, we would see sequentially volume in FCC in the second quarter and we had that and we see going forward additional volume growth in the third quarter sequentially, which will be close to very, very low double digit in FCC.  So we are encouraged by that and as Luke really emphasized, I think the team is doing an exceptional job in dealing with a larger rarer dilemma as you highlighted in your question and I think there is no company in the industry who does a better job of dealing with inflationary issues than Albemarle. So we virtually made that a non-event in terms of working with our customers and working with our product line and executing on a global basis. 
P J Juvekar – Citi: And just lastly as rarer prices go up 15 fold, are customers cutting back on the catalyst because of pricing. 
John Steitz: Well, I think that consumption issue at our customer level is more a miles driven thing and we saw some softness in that in the second quarter and we are at least optimistic that that’s improving now.  They have attempted to use less rarer catalyst, but the fact is in part due to the Libyan situation, which is very sweet crude kind of being taken off the market and now its being filled with heavier and heavier more solid crude’s, it is really becoming increasingly difficult to reduce the rarer contact in these catalyst and get the products slate and yields that our customers desire. 
P J Juvekar – Citi: Thank you. 
John Steitz: Your welcome. 
Operator:   Your next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy from Banc of America. Please proceed. 
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America: Good morning this is Alex (inaudible) for Kevin. I think John you mentioned that BFR prices were up about 10% sequentially in the second quarter. What is your outlook for BFR prices for the next couple of quarters? 
John Steitz:   Yes, we were in a process of implantation these most recent increase that we announced in May Alex. There is a partially a mix effect. There are two, but I think we’ll continue to see improvement in overall brominated flame retardant volumes, could be offset as we continue to watch what kind of inventory levels we need to support the customer base. As Mark said, there is lot of uncertainty out there. So there is a lot of puts and takes in or Polymers business but pricing remains overall positive. 
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America: So there is some carryover from prior price increases…
John Steitz: As we exit those to our customer base, that’s right. 
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America: And you mentioned softer, BFR demand in China in the press release. Could you quantity your current order level for BFRs, I guess versus first half level. 
John Steitz: Yes, I think as you look at the sequential progression of BFRs in the second half. Right now in an absolute wrap of conservatism, we think volumes could be flat to down a little sequential. But they would be up year-over-year in the third quarter. We are seeing a stronger fourth quarter right now, but it remains -- you know as Mark said, there is always so much uncertainty out there. So we will just keep you informed as the year progresses on what happens in the fourth quarter. 
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America: And right and just a final question if I may again on BFRs, do you have visibility into your customers inventory? You mentioned that you might be reducing their inventories. Are they at the point were inventories are low?
John Steitz: Well, yes I personally the way I look at it, I think inventories are low. I mean, all this CNN type effect that we are all having, I mean everyone is concerned, there is a high level of anxiety about what level of inventories to keep, but things are pretty tight and we are continuing to see some level of emergency orders.  You know we had a pressing one come up just this past week from Wal-Mart who is looking to fill their pipeline in bean bag chairs. So we had an emergency order to flame retardant the foam for those bean bag chairs for Wal-Mart, but there is a couple of lessons there; one is, you never want your bean bag chair to catch on fire. 
Scott Tozier: The one area that we got some recent reports back or may be a slight inventory bill is Japan, where I think we are worried a bit about some further electrical curtailments as they get into the third quarter. So there may just a bill there, but generally speaking we are seeing very little inventory built out there on part of the end users.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America: Great. Thank you gentlemen. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander from Jefferies & Company. Please proceed. 
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Good morning. 
Mark Rohr: Good morning Laurence. 
Scott Tozier: Good morning Laurence.  
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Can you give a little bit more color on HPC catalyst trends? What time sequentially into Q2 and then how you are looking at the balance of the year. 
Mark Rohr: Yes, Laurence, HPC. Well we were encouraged by the buying trends we saw in the second quarter and I think that also partially mitigate FCC volumes as these refiners went through a higher level of turnarounds. We see a sequential decline in the third quarter, but it will still be over last years third quarter.  So we are still seeing double digit volume increases in HPC and the most encouraging thing you know we highlighted in our earlier comments was that the refiners are doing better now and I think that’s a good thing for overall trends in HPC and we are pretty confident that business is going to continue to growth over the next couple of years.  And then you add in with that some of the unique opportunities in Brazil that we have with Petrobras and some of the other growth that we are seeing in these developing economies and we are really very encouraged by that longer term. 
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: And in brominated flame retardant, did you reduce inventory levels yourselves? I mean throughout the Albemarle level in Q2 or have you done so in Q3 or plan to do so in Q3? 
Luke Kissam: Well this is Luke. On the inventory levels we talked a little about it. Most of the increase we’ve seen in raw materials have flowed through to that inventory level. So the majority of any increase we’ve seen in brominated flame retardants or others have been tied to raw material increases.  We are watching the inventory levels of brominated flame retardants and all our other products on a weekly basis. You should not have the view that we’ve got a brominated flame retardant inventory level anywhere like we did in to 2008. We lived though that and we are working really hard to insure that we’ve got the right amount of levels inventory to service our customers, but not unless if we get caught with too much if there is any type of slowdown. 
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: So just to be clear on that, you don’t anticipate based in the order of trends you are seeing needing to do a production outage to rebalance inventories. 
Luke Kissam: We do not. 
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from the lien of Michael Sison from Keybanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.   
Michael Sison - Keybanc Capital Markets: Hey guys. Mark congrats on a great run by the way. I’m going to miss your enthusiasm there and congrats to you Luke as well. 
Luke Kissam: Thanks Mike. 
Michael Sison - Keybanc Capital Markets: In terms of the second quarter where bromine operating rates for the derivatives in elemental are pretty close to fall out. 
Mark Rohr: Yes Mike they were close, it was 90% plus. 
Michael Sison - Keybanc Capital Markets: 90% plus, okay. And then when you think about the second half of the year Mark, sort of mirroring the first half. Were you thinking that the operating rates for bromine would stay pretty high? 
Mark Rohr: Yes, that’s our expectations. 
Michael Sison - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. So not too much of a sequential pull down. 
Mark Rohr: No. 
Michael Sison - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then when I take a look at the improvement in earnings for Palmarad (ph) is second quarter year over year. Is most of that pricing, meaning sort of the bromine pricing flowing though and sort of a similar question with Fine Chemicals. 
Mark Rohr: Well, a lot of its pricing. We continue Mike as we said, we are encouraged by the overall volume trends of polymers is up year-over-year and the tune as I said, the trend follows a lot. The last year all be it it’s a little bit on steroids, so the pricing momentum has resulted in that. Has certainly you know, and then that’s mitigated by the concerns of our raw materials in the benzene phenol BPA chain that we had live with and now we have oil going up above $100 a barrel again. So we’ve got to continue to be nimble in our handling event, but pricing was certainly helpful to the overall improvement of the profit available, that’s for sure. 
Michael Sison - Keybanc Capital Markets: Right and that should be sustainable, pretty sustainable in the third and fourth quarter with really good visibility, right, because well when pricing is up it sort of flows though. 
Mark Rohr: You got it Mike. It’s more an issue of mix for us. You know so it for example tetrabrom volumes go down we are still seeing robust volumes in a lot of the specialties. So there is usually a positive impact from that. 
Michael Sison - Keybanc Capital Markets: Got it and last question, HPC backlogs, you know they seem pretty good heading into the third, fourth and 2012. 
Mark Rohr: Yes, I mean we are good. I think we are getting a lot of looks. You know continuing concern about environmental conditions around the globe and improving conditions in the refiner. So we see year-over-year in the third quarter will be up which is positive, but probably down sequentially and fourth quarter we are still keeping an eye on and then looks like we will start the year 2012 off very strongly as well. 
Michael Sison - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay great. Thank you. 
Mark Rohr: Thanks a lot. 
Operator:   Your next question is coming from the line of Robert Koort from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Hi. I just wanted to follow up on P Js question and understand if I am looking at margins for the second half of the year in the catalyst business. Do you guys look at more of mid 20s or should it be higher 20s going ahead. 
Mark Rohr: Well, I mean overall for the year I think you know we will be in the range of 26% and that’s all including the JVs. So something plus or minus a few basis points feels pretty good to us. So if you look at that, you know we said longer term our margins are reduced of mitigated by this squarer effect and that’s kind of given us a curve ball we’ve had to deal with this year. 
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and the second part was in your bromine expansion as far as Arkansas is concerned, is everything up and running now. I mean you are targeting about 10% to 15% incremental capacity. Is everything on line right now? 
Luke Kissam : Yes, this is Luke Kissam. The de-bottleneck that we talk about in Arkansas is in effect and we are running. There are a few other wells that we are drilled and maintain that capacity, but we are at the level that we will be operation at from the bromine miles to Magnolia right now. 
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs:   And just one last question if I may; when you look at your doubling of capacity and that’s seen probably next year sometime, do you think there is enough demand out there or the fact that the Chinese supply is going down at a much faster rate. I mean is there a possibility that the supply might start out shipping demand because of so much incremental capacity coming online. Are you planning to bring it online more in phases? 
Mark Rohr: Yes, as we said we are going to bring that on line in phases to meet the demand. With the capital we are putting out there, the limited amount of capital that we’re have them do and our cost competitiveness to increase that size and our cost position there, we are not in position that we got it started up on day one and we weren’t running it wide open. We are going to be great stewards in this bromine molecule and continue to drive the value that we can from that, but we will watch supply and we will watch demand.  But we also got an obligation to our customers, so that whenever they need a product we are there to supply and that’s why we are expanding this capacity this time, to meet that demand and meet the needs that our customers have. 
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks guys. Thanks a lot. 
Mark Rohr: Thanks. 
Operator:   Your next question is coming from the line of Steve Schwartz from First Analysis. Please proceed. 
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis :   Good morning guys. 
Mark Rohr: Hey Steve.   
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis : John, can we go back to catalysts and just talk about the year-over-year change again. If you look at your income margins it was down about 600 basis points and so you know you have for the segment nice volume growth year-over-year, but your high volume product FCC was down. So can you just aggregate?  You mentioned the mix effect, we talked about that in HPC, but can you just aggregate that 600 basis points around raw material cost versus that mix effect, because it doesn’t seem to make sense to me. 
Mark Rohr: Yes, Steve you know I caution you on looking at quarter-to-quarter margin. You know we really look at margins annually and over the long term to really help drive and fund our businesses for growth. But year-over-year though HPC volumes were up, those margins were down and you know again, that was mostly due to a mix effect.  In HPC you have a large range of portfolio of different products that have a large variation in the profit that they produce, depending on what they are trying to achieve and the cycles that a customer is trying to achieve, the lifecycle. So a pretty significant difference there.  The other impact of course is the year-over-year rare earth issue. You know we talked about that and that’s pretty big, that’s you know longer haul. We said 300 bases points. I think between those two issues that’s pretty much it in terms of year over year profit margin. But last year remember second quarter was extraordinary margin for the catalyst business and what we really highlighted then was the margin potential that this business has, so…
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis : Sure, okay, thank you for that. If we could step out for the consolidated level now. What was your raw material inflation in the quarter and are you guys still talking 160 to 200 million for the year. 
Luke Kissam:   Hi Steve, this is Luke Kissam. Raw materials were roughly the same from – in the first quarter we talked to you about that call of about 160 million. We are roughly seeing about that same level of escalation and anticipation for the full year. I think you know about half of that was metal. 
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis : Okay. So first quarter I think you said about $25 million. So was it up $25 million then? I mean, that doesn’t seem to make sense. 
Mark Rohr: Yes, Steve. So in the second quarter you know you have some issues about what our production volumes are. So it’s not as simple as just raw material question, but the second quarter year-over-year is about low $40 million number inflation wise. 
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis : Okay and then Luke, just a touch back on the Jordan expansion. So you mentioned the different phases. In your commentary you talked about ordering equipment and so forth. Can you just frame up for us when that phase I is going to be producing salable product and of the 60,000 to 70,000 metric tones you are adding, how much is phase I of that? 
Luke Kissam: Phase I, the bromine production is phase I. So all that 60,000 met tones of bromine will be available into the second, beginning of the third quarter of 2012. But just because its available Steve, the point I’m trying to make is its available, but just because its available it doesn’t mean we are going to through it on the market place. We are going to have it available to meet the demands of our customers, but we don’t be responsible in how we move that product. We do not have to run it flat out from day one. 
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis : Okay and then, I think you are planning on building out your derivates production capacity. So I’m presuming that would be phase II, phase III. When do you expect that capacity will come on? 
Luke Kissam: Some of the derivative capacity will come on at the same time or even a month or two later than the bromine capacity. In other words we’ll trail it to the early 2013.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis : Got you. Okay thanks for taking the questions. 
Mark Rohr: Thanks Steve. 
Operator:   Your final question is coming from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn from Longbow Research. Please proceed.   
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research : Good morning gentlemen. I’m glad I was able to get into the wire. I’m just trying to understand a couple of comments that you made. You talked about kind of the reason for downward volume in the Polymer Systems as mineral flame-retardants. But then I also though I heard John talk about mineral flame retardant volumes being up. So am I mishearing it or are you talking about sequential verses year-over-year that I missed. 
Mark Rohr: Yes, we are talking about sequential versus year-over-year there Dmitry. 
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research : Okay, so sequentially they were off but year-over-year they were down. 
Mark Rohr: Right. 
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research : Okay that’s fine. FCC volumes were all double digit according to your comments, that’s a pretty strong -- also as you see pricing was up double digits. You know we haven’t seen you know pricing like that probably since before the recession. So are we kind of back to the momentum that we saw in SECs prior to 2008 and can you update us if you can roughly on what the ton for SEC is currently and where you are trying to get it to longer term. 
Mark Rohr: You know well, Dmitry the overarching of impact on that is the rare earth issue. I mean rare earth is gone from 7000 a tone to now somewhere between a 140,000 and 145,000 a tone. 
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research : Right. So this is your capacitor of rare earth then that you’re having pricing. 
Mark Rohr: Yes absolutely. 
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research : So this is not above and beyond kind of your normal lets get the reinvestment economics and lets get the pricing up. 
Mark Rohr: Yes, I mean this has been a matter of necessity, because it was such a critical, critical issue that the business faced. I think the customers by and large have understood that clearly. You know rare earth have been such a large issue globally. The catalyst industry is just one business impacted by it, there is electronics, there is hybrid automotives, there is a lot of down stream effects of that.  But I think the takeaway is you just need to know that our team is really focused on getting that passed though and we are encouraged by the volume trends that the catalyst cost is not impacted demand at all, its more macro economic trends that impact that. But we are encouraged by continuing to get the price needed to cover that rare earth going forward. So you will continue to see in additional to the volume effect we described and improving in pricing to cover that rare earth issue.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research : Very good. On volumes being down you said they are related to mines driven. I mean obviously in a stage you know you had that several weeks or $4 plus gas that apparently as we reduced driving habits a little bit. But globally, I mean given that SEC is a global business for you, what’s the kind of lower mines driven globally and how does that trend look into the second half of the year. 
Mark Rohr: Well hopefully we haven’t seen a report yet on the US for May, but I’m hoping it’s beginning to pick up. Globally we also had more turnarounds, so I think more customers on a global basis had more HPC related turnarounds, which also contributed to the reduction of SEC volumes during that period. 
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research : Right, because they are going to shut down the column. Okay I got it. And then final question, on the printed wiring boards business or market and the flame retardants that are going to in to it, you talked about the book to bill looking better year-over-year at about 0.99, but you know there is a lot of concern about as you mentioned you know global economic weekends, but also particularly in electronics you know the results coming our are mixed, you know the guidance being provided by our companies in the electronics space from semiconductors down to consumer electronics is all over the place.  What’s behind your business plan for the second half of the year? What kind of expectations for the electronics industry are you looking to go through, you know a month of inventory correction or do you think that we’ll be able to do, you know finish the year without you know significant downside to call it. 
Mark Rohr: I mean that’s a big question for this year, is there is so much uncertainty Dmetry created by all these news and mixed results and mixed reports you hear. So that’s why I think your hearing us being us being a little bit cautious, but right now I mean as Luke said we were managing these inventories on a week by week basis, getting as much real time feedback from our customers as we possibly can. We see our inventories still snug and the customer not building inventories. So we feel all very good that we are not going to see any kind of significant correction needed because of customer demand. 
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research : Got it. 
Mark Rohr: The only caution that I would lay out there is normally we see a slow down in December. So we will just try to keep you tuned in on that as we wrap up that third quarter. But I’m encouraged by a lot of the indicators we are seeing. The book to bill ratio is one. We also got a report on TV production that that’s picking up after a low in the second quarter and we are directly impacted by that. So as you said, it’s a really mixed bag and we will just try to keep you tuned in on where we see things. 
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research : Very good. Thank you gentlemen. 
Operator: At this time I’m showing no further questions in queue. Albemarle will like to thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect and have a great day. 
Mark Rohr: Thank you.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Sandra Rodriguez – Director, IR Mark Rohr – Chairman, President & CEO John Steitz – EVP & COO Luke Kissam – EVP, Manufacturing, Law, Secretary and Health, Safety & Environment Rich Diemer – SVP & CFO
Analysts: P.J. Juvekar – Citigroup Laurence Alexander – Jefferies Kevin McCarthy – Banc of America Steve Schwartz – First Analysis David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank Mike Sison – Keybanc Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research Todd Vencil – Davenport & Company Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs Edward Yang – Oppenheimer
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q4 2009 Albemarle Corporation earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Sandra Rodriguez, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Sandra Rodriguez: Thanks Antwain. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for a review of Albemarle's fourth quarter and full year results, which were released after the market closed yesterday. Our press release contains preliminary results for the quarter, which, as you know, is subject to further review by the company and our auditors as part of our year-end review process. Please note that we have posted supplemental sales information, as well as reconciliations for net debt and EBITDA on our website under the Investor Information section at albemarle.com. I would also like to caution that remarks today contain forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause results to differ from expectations are listed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Participating with me on the call this morning are Mark Rohr, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Luke Kissam, Executive Vice President; John Steitz, Chief Operating Officer; and Rich Diemer, Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mark, I would like to ask everyone to save the date for Albemarle's 2010 Analyst and Investor Conference, which will be held in New York City on May 13. Registration and event details will be sent out in the coming week. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Rohr: Thanks, Sandra, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today as we report fourth quarter earnings. I'd like to begin with highlights of some of our strategic initiatives before commenting on the company's results and our view of current market trends impacting our business. Luke Kissam will follow with a brief update on the company's productivity and cost reduction efforts. John Steitz will then cover business segment performance and some specifics about new product introductions. And Rich Diemer will wrap up with the financial highlights. With our asset base in Jordan, Arkansas, and China, our bromine business has tremendous global reach. We have the commercial viability and know-how from which to produce unique bromine derivatives that go into many end-use markets including pharmaceuticals, fire safety, energy recovery, food, biocidal [ph] applications and emissions reductions, just to name a few. We continue to invest in resources to develop new solutions for our customers, strengthening this bromine franchise. And I would like to mention two such initiatives we have underway. First is a recent launch of our Earthwise family of eco-friendly products. Over the last several years, our scientists have invented what we think as unique breakthrough technology that meets the needs of our customers, provides better performance, and has an outstanding environmental profile. Our first product launched under the Earthwise brand is a fire safety solution we call GreenArmor. And we are getting good feedback from our customers that are now testing this polymeric solution. We hope for commercial sales by the end of this year. These new products specifically designed to improve efficacy and promote recycling, while also eliminating concerns over toxicity issues, provides a new direction for bromine chemistry. Through this year, you will hear more about this eco-friendly brand and new products that fit this profile. You may have also seen our press release last week announcing Albemarle and Chemtura's long-term strategic supply agreement. Luke will tell you more about the agreement shortly, but I'll say we are pleased with the outcome and believe both companies will benefit. Albemarle has positioned itself as a leading bromine supplier with low-cost supply options and this deal with Chemtura further strengthens this position. We have sufficient bromine capacity to meet demand for the foreseeable future and expect to run assets at higher rates as we do so. Now, let me shift to our release. Our fourth quarter results cap a year of execution agility and perseverance carried today. The demand picture in the quarter reflected strengthening across many of the markets we serve. This progress was reflected in reported net income of $62.3 million or $0.68 per share. Excluding restructuring charges and tax benefits, earnings from operations were $0.64 per share for the quarter compared to $0.41 per share at a much lower tax rate than prior year. The restructuring charges relate to planned workforce reductions at a number of our sites in connection with project one Albemarle and asset write-offs in Arkansas as a result of the Chemtura agreements. The one-time tax benefit is from final settlement of the prior year tax audits. Together, those audits benefitted fourth quarter earnings by $0.04 per share. Net sales revenue for the fourth quarter totaled $558 million. That's up 8% from last year and 8% sequentially. All in all, our business delivered solid top line growth and strong earnings in the fourth quarter. Excluding special items and tax benefits, full year 2009 earnings were $1.86 per share compared to $2.39 per share in 2008. Over one-third of our 2009 earnings were achieved in the last quarter of the year. On a full year basis, net sales totaled $2 billion, down 19% compared to $2.5 billion in 2008. Through 2009, we overcame weak markets and substantial unallocated fixed costs at many of our facilities. We set our focus on cash generation and took very aggressive steps to pull back capacity and eliminate cash cost. You've seen the past three quarters where production assets were running at reduced rates, our fixed cost was spread over lower volumes and unheard profitability. Painful as it was, we dramatically improved liquidity and strengthened our balance sheet in the year with over $300 million in cash. During the year, we repaid over $120 million in debt, funding capital expenditures of over $100 million, and paid dividend to shareholders of $44 million. In the fourth quarter, we also made a $25 million contribution – voluntary contribution to our defined benefit plans and repurchased approximately 175,000 shares of common stock for $5.8 million. Good business execution coupled with our continued productivity efforts lead all three segments to year-over-year and sequential margin improvement. Segment margins increased 600 basis points year-over-year from 10.5% in the fourth quarter of 2008 to 16.7% Q4 2009. Our Polymer Solutions business recorded its highest quarterly segment income since 2007, realizing segment income margins of approximately 16%. Demand was stronger than anticipated and we did not see the normal levels of seasonal decline typical at year-end. That said, the sequential volume recovery slowed in the fourth quarter compared to the previous three quarters and we think signaling stabilization of manufacturer's inventory. While Polymer's first quarter is off to a good start, we expect volumes to be weaker through Chinese New Year. Moving beyond the first quarter, continued demand growth in electronics, our portfolio of new products and our low cost base should help drive strong year-over-year segment earnings growth in 2010. While our Fine Chemicals segment net sales were now at 10% compared to fourth quarter of last year, improved demand in our performance chemicals and better cost absorption drove this segment to its highest revenue and profit level since the start of the recession. In 2010, we expect solid top and bottom line improvement in this segment with stronger second half performance when demand recovery in industrial bromides is expected to return. Also, some of the new custom manufacturing businesses in our fine chemistry service sector will kick in and John will talk more about these in a moment. Finally, our Catalysts business closed the year with segment income margins of 20% in the fourth quarter, a 500-basis point improvement over fourth quarter of 2008. These results demonstrate the balanced nature of our portfolio, which stands on three strong legs, all of which contribute and drive profitability for this business and help moderate risk in volatile market conditions like those we faced this past year. While combating significant raw material volatility in difficult market conditions, this segment improved its annual margins compared to 2008 by 80 basis points. We look for strong top and bottom line in Catalysts in 2010 and we expect fairly balanced results throughout this year and across the segment portfolio. Ripping [ph] all this together, our business model driven by the hard work of our employees was a differentiating factor through the tough times we faced in 2009 and I expect will continue to favorably differentiate us going forward. Our fixed cost and productivity efforts are on track and we are working hard to overcome headwinds, while completing the remaining initiatives. Our global teams are geared to provide strong business growth and our balance sheet is stronger than ever and very capable of supporting new strategic growth opportunities that create value for our shareholders. With that, let me ask Luke to comment on our progress with productivity initiatives and Chemtura.
Luke Kissam: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. All of you are aware of the restructuring efforts we embarked upon to reduce our operating costs of $160 million versus 2008 costs. We are still in the midst of implementing the plan that we laid out early in 2009, but I would like to give you an update of where we are through the end of 2009 on these efforts. Our 2009 costs were over $100 million lower than the 2008 costs on an apples-to-apples basis. That is excluding favorable currency and one-time items. Rich will talk to you in a minute about the financial headwinds we'll have in 2010 that we did have in 2009. So it's critical that we keep that $100 million out of the system and continue to optimize our business model and asset base in order to achieve this objective. In the fourth quarter, we achieved some critical milestones for our restructuring. As you know, in September we initiated the consultation processes required by local laws with our employees at our European headquarters in Brussels and the respective Works Councils at our mineral flame retardant plant in Germany and our refinery catalyst center in Amsterdam. In the fourth quarter, we reached agreements with our employees at our Brussels headquarters and with the works council and union in Amsterdam, which allow us to move forward with our restructuring efforts at those two locations. Those restructurings will take place in stages over the course of 2010 and we take no one-time charge in the fourth quarter of 2009 for the costs associated with those locations. At this time, we are still in negotiations with our German Works Council, but those discussions to date have been productive. While it's never easy to predict timing on negotiations such as these, I would hope we would be able to reach agreement later in the first quarter or early second quarter of this year. At that time, we will incur an additional charge related to that restructuring. Additionally, in the fourth quarter, we established an entity in Hungary, which will operate a global center for transactional processes for Albemarle. This center, which is a key part of our restructuring in Europe, will consolidate certain activities across Europe and in some instances, across the globe. We are almost complete with our office build-out and expect to begin our first wave of operations late in the first quarter of 2010. The goal of this Budapest service center and these related restructuring is to have the right processes, procedures, and controls in place to achieve operational efficiencies and create a more flexible and cost-effective operating structure. We are reducing cost today and building a transactional model that should allow us to keep jobs down as our businesses grow. We recently announced that we had entered into a series of agreements with Chemtura. I am pleased to report that on January 21, 2010, the court presiding over Chemtura's Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceeding approved those agreements and we are currently supplying certain quantities on this supply agreement today. These agreements allow us to resolve various pieces of litigation which have been ongoing for years at significant cost to both parties and provides Albemarle with significant additional production volumes. As part of the transaction, we assigned certain brine interest in Chemtura's West Brine unit to Chemtura and wrote off our smallest bromine plant, which was located in that unit. That bromine plant produced our highest cost bromine and had not been operated been since the end of 2008. We believe these agreements are good for Albemarle and the bromine industry overall. Finally, as demand and production rates have increased throughout the year, we have kept our inventory levels at historically low levels while still meeting the demands of our customers. We fought hard to improve the way we forecast, produce, and deliver products so that we can keep inventory levels down and our hard work seems to be paying off. Rich will provide more details on our accomplishments. In closing, we continue on track with regards to our cost reduction initiatives. There remains a lot of work to do to reach our $160 million goal, but we have plans in place that makes us comfortable that our target is achievable and we will remain resolute. With that, I'll turn it over to John Steitz.
John Steitz: Thanks, Luke, and good morning. I'll start with our Polymer Solutions business. Volumes continued to improve in polymers in the fourth quarter, closing the year out strong after three consecutive quarters of sequential growth, driving quarterly net sales to $205 million, up 38% over the fourth quarter of 2008 and the best top line results the segment has seen in the past five quarters. Polymer segment income rose to $32.4 million in the fourth quarter, a 24% sequential increase and is greater than the first three quarters' segment income combined. Higher sales and production rates coupled with outstanding cost controls enabled us to achieve Polymer segment income margin in a range of 16% for the quarter. Our brominated flame retardants portfolio delivered exceptional results in the quarter. Fourth quarter sales were the highest of the year and more notably, our highest fourth quarter volumes since 2006. Some of the increase is due to customer restocking after inventories were deflated during the downturn. The electronics market remains strong thus far in first quarter and our current full year view of 2010 is showing positive signals. Driven by improved volumes and pricing, our mineral flame retardant business also contributed to polymer earnings in the fourth quarter, was solid year-over-year and sequential sales and profit improvement. Our teams are doing a fine job of managing working capital as well. Polymer inventories were reduced by $75 million for the year. Our Fine Chemicals reported net sales of $146 million in the fourth quarter. Strong sales and better cost absorption drove a 33% sequential improvement in quarterly segment income to $19 million. Segment margins came in at 13%, up 200 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Fine Chemicals sales and profitability steadily increased over the past three quarters. The strong fourth quarter results were achieved with relatively little sequential improvements in our clear brine business where we are seeing stronger indications for an improved 2010. Rig counts remained below year-ago levels, however, recent increases this year in rig count and improved crude oil pricing should result in a larger number of completions in the coming year. Our Sorbent mercury-control division is gaining traction. New business drove increased top and bottom line performance in the second half of the year. We expect growth in this business to be driven by more energy providers seeking cost-effective solutions to reduce mercury emissions in their coal-fired power plants. Companies working with Albemarle using our bromine based Sorbent technology are seeing significant reductions in mercury emissions. Looking ahead, we are excited about the future growth potential of our food safety product line and also some of the custom services projects taking hold. One of the projects is with ExxonMobil whereby Albemarle is manufacturing commercial quantities of high viscosity lubricants. Another is our work with SIGA on their smallpox antiviral drug, ST-246. Interestingly, this last week SIGA reported that they participated in a simulation with the state – Country of Israel whereby Israeli government officials arranged an emergency mock acquisition of SIGA's ST-246. Moving on to Catalysts, Catalysts net sales for the quarter were $208 million, flat compared to prior year and up 10% from the third quarter. Segment income for the quarter of $42 million was up 33% from prior year and up 25% sequentially, driving segment income margins to a robust 20%. Our polyolefin catalysts business delivered solid results for the quarter. FCC also finished out the year strong as miles-driven statistics continued to improve. We believe our HPC business is back on track after a tumultuous year in dealing with volatile metals costs. We are also expecting meaningful earnings contribution in 2010 from our alternative fuels technology business where we are focusing on breakthrough and step-out applications for our technologies. We are seeing keen interest in our diverse portfolio of products that help customers differentiate themselves and we have a host of new product offerings on the market that will improve efficiency for our customers. With opportunities on the horizon in new markets and new applications, we look forward to a strong year for our Catalysts business. And with that, I will turn it over to Rich.
Rich Diemer: Thank you, John, and good morning to all. I plan to cover our restructuring and other one-time items, taxes, corporate expense, CapEx, our year-end financial position, as well as a report on progress we have made on working capital. As we traditionally do during this call, I will also provide a forward-looking outlook on a number of these items for the 2010 year. In the fourth quarter, we incurred pretax charges of $11.6 million, $7.6 million after tax in connection with the ongoing corporate restructuring program, which we have dubbed Plan C and as just discussed by Luke, it's designed to reduce our 2008 cost footprint by $160 million. These charges are principally related to severance and related costs at our Belgian and Dutch operations where we received advice from our respective Works Councils that enables us to move forward with our cost savings plans and charges on the U.S., principally related to the various agreements with Chemtura. We are still in the consultation process with our German Works Council as it relates to our Martinswerk site. Our Q4 reported income tax benefit includes a net benefit of one-time items of $11.3 million or $0.12 per share, mainly due to the reversal of reserves as a result of the finalization of the IRS review of our 2005 to 2007 U.S. tax returns. Excluding these and other discrete out-of-period tax items, our operational effective tax rate for the quarter was approximately 15% and for the year 13%, slightly higher than our 12% guidance and rate through the nine-month period. This was due to higher income levels and the geographic mix of Q4 results. Our go-forward guidance for the 2010 effective tax rate is a range of 18% to 20%. Unallocated corporate expense in Q4 was $16.7 million, higher than forecasted, principally due to certain European product registration costs and benefit related expense. 2010 corporate expense guidance is $65 million to $70 million or $16 million to $17 million per quarter and includes pension and OPEBs, which will be up $15 million year-over-year and other salary and benefit cost headwinds. Our EBITDA in the quarter excluding special items was $101 million, up 48% from last year and up 14% sequentially. The last time we generated EBITDA over $100 million was in the third quarter of 2008. On a revenue base, that was a $100 million higher than this quarter. I believe that is a testament to the effectiveness of our Plan C and exemplifies the earnings leverage we will enjoy as volumes rebound. CapEx for the quarter was $17 million. Full year CapEx was $101 million and our view of our 2010 CapEx spending is a $100 million also. Depreciation and amortization in Q4 was $26 million. Full year depreciation and amortization was $101 million and our estimated depreciation and amortization for 2010 is a range of $100 million to $105 million. Including $44 million of debt at JBC, our Jordanian venture, our year-end consolidated debt was $813 million, down $8 million from the end of Q3 and $120 million decrease from last year end. $439 million of our debt is floating rate and $374 million is fixed rate, a 55-45 split. Our floating rate interest rate was 0.83% at year-end. Our weighted average interest rate for Q4 was 2.8%. Net of $309 million of cash on hand and excluding $25 million of unguaranteed, yet consolidated JBC debt, our net debt decreased $54 million in the quarter to $478 million. It's down $171 million for the year. Our debt-cap ratio is 40%, our net debt-to-cap ratio is 28%, and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is approximately 1.7 times. Although our final cash flow statement of full balance sheet will not be published until we file our 10-K, cash flow from operations was approximately $100 million in the quarter and $360 million for the year. We reduced net working capital by $136 million this year. Inventories are down $191 million since last year end and we made additional progress in Q4 despite the 8% uptick in revenue. We reactivated our buyback program during the quarter, repurchasing just shy of 175,000 shares for $5.8 million, an average of $33.25 [ph] per share. We will continue to be opportunistic with our stock buyback and have approximately 4.25 million shares authorized for repurchase under our current program. Speaking for all of us at Albemarle, we are excited by the prospects of generating double-digit top line growth in 2010. With the continuing execution of Plan C, focus on cost control, and cash generation in the context of a return to global growth, we are confident we can deliver significantly improved profitability year-over-year. We enter the year knowing that we will need to deal with the headwinds of higher raw material and energy costs. We also have factored in anticipated headwinds from a 50% higher tax rate year-over-year and higher pension and other people costs. As it is only fair to reward those that have delivered the fine results that we report today and have been under our recent austerity program, we feel very strongly that we emerged from 2009 a company with improved prospects and earnings potential of plus $4 per share in 2012. You'll hear a lot more about that in the coming months and on May 13th at our Investor Day in New York City. And with that, let me turn it back to Sandra.
Sandra Rodriguez: Thanks, Rich. Okay, we would like to open it up for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar. Please proceed with your question.
P.J. Juvekar – Citigroup: Yes, good morning.
Mark Rohr: Good morning, P.J.
John Steitz: Good morning, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar – Citigroup: I'm looking at the Catalysts segment and what kind of growth do you expect in 2010? Is it going to be gradual growth or do you expect to snap back in volumes after refiners pushed out the Catalysts change-outs last year?
John Steitz: Thanks, P.J. This is John Steitz. P.J., I think we are – as you look forward to 2010, I think we are going to see a more gradual rebound quarter-to-quarter in Catalysts. Now, I'm assuming there that metals volatility will be minimal and generally, we start out with stronger HPC volumes in the first quarter and first half as they prepare for the bigger driving season, but offset by that are weaker FCC volumes in the first quarter as they go through those turnarounds. They are not consuming that ratable product. So overall, I'm – we are looking forward to sequential growth and trying to build momentum through the course of the year.
P.J. Juvekar – Citigroup: And your polyolefins business has been strong, you are building that new plant in Saudi Arabia. Can you just talk about how big that business could be relative to other?
John Steitz: Yes, we are – it has been a very solid business for us, built on two platforms. The new Catalysts piece, which primarily that manufacturing base right now is U.S. base. But that year-over-year improvement despite the downturn has been really strong and our plants here in Baton Rouge is sold out. So we need to do some debottlenecking and expansion in that business. And our organometallic business, which you were referring to in Saudi, that business volumes declines were minimal in the fourth quarter as our customers watched inventory, but next year, 2010, can be again continued growth. So – I mean, I really believe that business can double over the next five years and we are very excited about that and we are going to continue to work to supply what we see as a very highly value-added products marketplace.
P.J. Juvekar – Citigroup: And just a last question for Rich on the tax rate quickly. You are seeing that tax rate creep up as your earnings go up. Where does that rate max out? Does it go back to high 20s or is there a level in your mind where it's going to max us out?
Rich Diemer: Well, P.J., I think what I would say is next year you are going to get back to kind of the 20%-ish type rate that we had a couple of years ago when we were making more money. I think when you are talking maxing out, you are introducing the government in the equation. So that's why we feel good about what we see for the upcoming year, but what the government does or doesn't do as it relates to all corporate America will impact us and so far no real news there. There has been a lot of threats and a lot of supposition, but we can't really build that into our rate until we know exactly what the legislation is.
P.J. Juvekar – Citigroup: Yes, I know. I'm sorry, I'm not talking about new legislation, just existing legislation. If you are exploring the recovery.
Rich Diemer: Okay. What it would be, P.J., is in the 20-s because I think as our business expands, the current footprint would expand with it, which means we may expand the JBC, which as you know, has a got a zero tax rate on it in terms of our polymers group. So I think 20-ish is kind of where it wants to be at somewhat higher levels of business.
P.J. Juvekar – Citigroup: Thank you.
Mark Rohr: You are welcome.
Mark Rohr: Thanks, P.J.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: Good morning.
Mark Rohr: Good morning, Laurence.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: I guess first question just on the new class of brominated products that you've launched, over the next three to five years, what percentage of your products mix do you think you can replace and is there any margin benefit from the substitution?
Mark Rohr: Yes, it's – yes, I'm not sure I can answer it with as many specificity, but as we look at it, we think that is a – over the next three years or so, may be a 10% chance of penetration of product mix. There are ways we can push that higher perhaps as we look at add additional derivatives to this product out there. There is some that look very promising for the new TV applications that are coming in, but I would say it's – early stages, I would say 10%. What is so breakthrough about this is its unique way of combining these molecules and makes a polymer that has an unbelievably great environmental footprint, Laurence. The offset to that is that is the folks who are less concerned about continue to buy some pretty cheap and efficacious products out there that are not so environmentally sensitive. So we'll – we are going to put it out there and drive it hard and we think over the next five years or so, it's going to get tremendous acceptance, but it will be a little bit slow in the uptick to start. And we do expect to make comparable margins for this product.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: And for longer term, does that mean you are shifting into polymer manufacturing expressly as opposed to polymer additives?
Mark Rohr: Yes, directionally. The – what you – what we can do with this is, Laurence, we are going to actually build the molecules specifically for the application. And we experiment some with that in other some areas and we've got had great success with that. So imagine the ability to go in and for a specific application, a TV or a color of glass or something we can actually tailor-make it and get it to work for all these individual – it doesn't have any, again, the watch-out for small organic molecules and phenomenal recycle building, low greenhouse gas emissions. So really it's a great thing. So we think we will be able to build this molecular footprint for our business and shift our business over time to a polymer business.
John Steitz: And Laurence, I – this is John Steitz. I'd just like to add. It's great safety, efficacy, and environmental profile. It really shifts the debate to greater power safety globally and that's really longer term where we want to go with this product line obviously.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: And then I guess just lastly, right at the end I think Rich you gave a list of things that you were being – that you were factoring in as areas of being cautious on 2010 of raw materials, energy costs, higher labor costs, pension. Can you just update our thinking on how – what size that each of those buckets might be?
Rich Diemer: Well, I tried to do that in terms of what corporate is. I guess in some of the larger buckets, pensions and OPEBs, which I look at together, would be up $15 million or so this year. That's our best estimate. Part of that has to do with where the discount rate land at the end of this year. Part of it had to do with the fact we actually will be pulling in our assumed rate of return on assets in terms of pension assets. I've taken that down 50 basis points to eat in a quarter. So when I apply that to my assets, it's somewhat lower. So some of that was done to me and some of that I did to myself so to say. But that's a $15 million bucket. I think there is a bucket in there that would look for the corporation to kind of go back to a more normal approach to bonuses and there is a couple of different pieces to that. So – well, I'd say that's probably $10 million to $15 million incremental. And then in terms of salaries, that's another $10 million. So you try to pull them out together and that's really some of the headwinds that we are dealing with.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: But isn’t –
John Steitz: I'll just comment on raws and energy. I mean, the current view is that there would be a headwind for us in 2010 between – somewhere between $50 million and $60 million with about half of that right now to be in metals and the other half petroleum based derivatives, some of which would be contractually passed through, some we would have to work to get pass through, but that’s current view on –
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: And even with those items, margin should be up year-over-year.
Rich Diemer: That's correct.
John Steitz: Yes.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. Mr. Koort, your line is open. Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Banc of America. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin McCarthy – Banc of America: Yes, good morning. Thank you. Your net debt balance appears to be the lowest that's been since 2004 and I was wondering if you could comment on whether or not we should expect your deployment of cash and excess cash flow to change in 2010 as the up cycle progress this year.
Rich Diemer: Kevin, this is Rich. Let me take a stab at that. What I would tell you is I think we were very prudent with cash through all of last year and it was all about managing to maintain our cost of borrowing which I think is world class for any company in any industry. And we are able to do that. I think going forward, you'll see a more return to normal – the normal, which for us I think will be the old normal, which would be – we are probably going to reemphasize our pipeline and the M&A area and look for opportunities there, look harder for opportunities there. I think you will see absolutely we are not going to lower the borrowing CapEx, but we are able to fund our current CapEx very comfortably. Remember, a portion of last year's CapEx, probably 30% was in one project that kind of went to build what we did for the Exxon product that John mentioned. So we'll have a kind of redistribution of those CapEx, we are not going to lower the bar, but we feel very comfortable with that. We will be looking at the dividends before an upcoming Board meeting coming up and in the past we've distributed more money to shareholders opportunistically through buybacks and I think that – that's another thing that we will be looking a lot more closely at given the situation that we have in terms of net debt and cash and financial flexibility.
Kevin McCarthy – Banc of America: Okay. And then shifting gears, now that the court has approved your various agreements with Chemtura, I welcome any additional color that you might be able to provide on the anticipated sales and earnings impact there in 1Q and beyond for Polymer solutions and Fine Chemicals, if any.
Rich Diemer: Kevin, this is Rich. We cannot comment on the revenue impact there based on the agreements, but as I discussed with many of you when we put out the press release recently, this agreement is $7 million to $10 million for us year-over-year in goodness. And I break that down into two components because I know people model Plan C, the restructuring program that we have. $3 million to $4 million is cost out related to the support and related to those assets that we wrote off, the legal expense, the assets and the asset support. And we internally here would put that into the Plan C cost bucket. In terms of quarter-over-quarter benefit to both our Fine Chemicals and our Polymers business, which both benefit from this agreement, we've set $4 million to $6 million a year so a penny to a penny and a quarter – or penny-and-a-half, a quarter and that's about two-thirds to Polymers and one-thirds to Fine Chemicals. So the – adding those two pieces together is $7 million to $10 million.
Kevin McCarthy – Banc of America: Got it. Thank you very much.
Rich Diemer: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Schwartz with First Analysis. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Schwartz – First Analysis: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Mark Rohr: Good morning, Steve.
John Steitz: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Schwartz – First Analysis: John, can you add some color to the mix effect that's going on in polymer additives?
John Steitz: Yes, you bet, Steve. I think that's a good point, good observation. And basically, what we saw in the fourth quarter of '09 was within the brominated flame retardant mix, we sold more tetrabrom as a percent of the total volume. So that effect of – really drives down the average price per ton in that business. The mineral flame retardant business, as we spoke about, in the business itself there was a group pricing, aided by some year-over-year FX issues. But that business is holding up pretty well and those volumes improved as well. But that puts pressure on the mix portion of the pricing equation. So those two are detractors in terms of pricing and mix in polymers. Hopefully, that helps.
Steve Schwartz – First Analysis: Well – but John, correct me if I'm wrong. When you calculate mix, you are saying that in the prior-year quarter you sold a like product that carried a higher revenue and then presumably in this most recent quarter, you would have sold a like product that again has a lower level of revenue. And that's what would have caused mix at the revenue level to decline. Is that in fact what happened?
John Steitz: Actually, if you look year-over-year, there was a bit of positive actual price improvement. Sequential – sequentially, that was a little bit less. But if you look at within the quarter itself, you are exactly right. Selling more of the higher-volume tetrabrom is lower average price and that pressures that mix portion of pricing.
Steve Schwartz – First Analysis: Okay, okay. And then just with respect to the polymer additives again, what was the boost with respect to auto versus electronics? I know the majority of that business is electronics, but I'm wondering how much auto helped out with wire and cable. And then what do you think right now the forecast for electronics is for production to taper off in the second half of the year? Do you foresee a downturn in the second half for your flame retardant PA business?
John Steitz: Yes, thanks, Steve. John again. You know, the great thing about the – our Polymer solutions business is it's a very diversified portfolio of businesses. And what we saw through the course of 2010 was the business improved really in almost rates. It started early in the supply chain with printed circuit boards, which is tetrabrom and related products. It went from there to enclosure volumes because TV sales were stronger at the back half of the year and then it went to connectors that covers a wide range of markets, both electronic and automotive. We are still seeing that strength continue and I think a portion of that is related to an improving automobile sector. Minerals is part automotive, but also there are some interesting aspects there of improving car safety regulations for example in mining belts. There is some higher regulations now about adding flame retardancy into mining belts for mines and that's giving us a bit of a boost in an – a really nice new application for mineral product line. So going forward, I think as Mark mentioned in his opening comments, yes, we are a little bit concerned about the Chinese New Year and getting past that. But on the whole, volumes appear to be robust sequentially – and I think hopefully that there is no economic derailment, we'll continue to show good sequential improvement in our volume portfolio in polymers.
Steve Schwartz – First Analysis: Okay, great. Thanks, John.
John Steitz: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: Thank you, good morning.
Mark Rohr: Hi, David.
John Steitz: Hi, David.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: John and Mark, can you discuss margins and bromine FR in terms of the Chemtura agreement? How much – what's the long-term potential of margins? Can you get back to the potentially even high-teens in this business going forward?
Mark Rohr: Yes, David, I think rather than talking about Chemtura, I think in a fundamental sense, what we have – and we believe very strongly we have a low-cost position in bromine on the aggregate average around the world and we have the – a very unique reach that nobody else has. That brings a lot of value to our business and you combine that with the technology that we bring, which is again second to none, we think that lets us carve out incrementally higher margins than the average person out in this business. So we've always said that we expect these margins to be in the high-teens – in running the high-teens and I don't see any reason why we shouldn’t continue to do – be focused on replicating that situation. The only takeaway from that – well, there is two takeaways from that on a watch-out side. One is phosphorus and the organization is doing a lot to reposition our phosphorus business to incrementally improve year-over-year and get those margins which are very low to a respectable level. And minerals has been a challenge and with some of the efforts that are underway that Luke talked about, as well as some new technology, we are looking at it and say we think we can get those margins moving back towards – not at, but towards a level that we enjoyed a few years ago when we had such great ATH position. I think the net of all of those things is we should be able to press the high-teens in that and maybe occasionally touch 20.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: Very good. And just, I know John, you announced some price increases for the first of the year. I know it's early, how are they progressing in bromine FR?
John Steitz: Yes, David, we led that price increase. There is always a little bit of a lag there, but we seem to have a little bit of momentum now and that's a good sign. And I think an important inflection point for the entire bromine business is the bromine supply and demand picture in China. As China tightens from a supply and demand perspective, I think it could be some significant opportunities going forward in bromine. So we are continuing to study that and make sure we are making good decisions going forward there. But we are just continuing to study that situation. I think it could be a nice tailwind for us over the next 18 months.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: And last question just on FCCs, John or Mark. Where are FCC prices today and what do you expect – do you expect price increase in FCCs in 2010?
John Steitz: Yes, David, this is John again. You know, we saw year-over-year pretty significant pricing improvement in FCC in a range of 10%. It was less than that sequentially, but it was pretty healthy. Our customer base is going through an extremely difficult time, probably the worst ever. And I find it pretty difficult scenario in that to drive forward any significant price increases in 2010. We are going to keep our eye on raw materials, natural gas is going up sequentially and that puts additional pressure on it and could be an opportunity to pass those kind of cost through, but we are just going to continue to study that right now.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
John Steitz: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Keybanc. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Sison – Keybanc: Hi guys, nice end to the year.
Mark Rohr: Great. Thanks, Mike.
John Steitz: Thanks, Mike.
Mike Sison – Keybanc: In terms of elemental bromine pricing at the end of the year and operating – when did you start to end up or where did the industry end up and when you think about sort of the longer-term supply and demand dynamics, is there a good upside potential in pricing for bromine over time?
John Steitz: Yes, thanks, Mike. This is John again. You know, the last time we saw significant opportunities to raise prices were when the supply and demand portfolio in China really became challenged. And I think we are beginning to see that again today. We saw improvement sequentially in bromine prices outside of China and within China, prices are up from six months ago in a range of 50%. And there is a lot of environmental pressure on bromine supply right now within China and this affects the downstream consumers of those products, which is primarily in the flame retardant arena. So that's why I mentioned in the previous question of David's that we are going to continue to study that. But I think in the coming months could be a very solid opportunity for the bromine based business and its derivative products.
Mike Sison – Keybanc: Right. And then Mark, fundamentally when you think about the JV with Chemtura or the agreement with Chemtura, do you think the industry in total, there is really you and Israelis, do you think they feel pretty good about that? Is this something that benefits the industry in total?
Mark Rohr: Well, yes. I guess I would say I think it does benefit the industry in total. I mean, Chemtura is working with a great partner in Albemarle and they are going to be out there selling and growing their business. They will be investing in research and doing their thing. And the Israelis are – have a good position with vast reserves they have in Israel across the East Canal from our facility in Jordan. So I think structurally, it's good. So we expect the industry to continue to grow and do well and we think some of the new products that we are introducing out there and some of the new opportunities especially as we push these new bromine derivatives and we are getting more and more of these opportunities out there from things like the biocidal applications that John has talked about, Sorbent, which you know a lot about, I mean there are some new things with the – they started in the gas to liquid technology area and sort of morphed into some petrochemical refineries (inaudible) uses bromine to upgrade products, look really encouraging. So we are pretty bullish that this business that has had for years a tremendous dependency on some legacy products that go into flame retardants is slowly moving beyond that and I think the industry is going to benefit from that and Albemarle is going to benefit a lot more than the industry.
Mike Sison – Keybanc: Great. And Rich, when you talked about double-digit growth top line for your businesses, if I sort of did the math of polymer additives, it's sort of not unreasonable to sort set you somewhere around that $800 million range in 2010, $200 million a quarter that you did in the fourth. Any reason why your operating margins wouldn't feel the sustain and sort of the fourth quarter levels on that number, like, 16%, 17% level?
Rich Diemer: Well, we would hope so, Mike. I think part of the equation there would be there would be a little margin pressure in polymers from the Chemtura arrangement, all right, because we are selling some of the lower-margin products, but we are making money on each of those products and we think it's the right thing to do. So – but again, as all the things that you heard John and Mark talk about in terms of new applications and bromine getting tighter, we would think we would counter – counterbalance that and certainly drive – I mean, you heard our inspirational goals for the high-teens, pushing 20. So certainly – well, we should be able to keep that 16% margin.
Mark Rohr: Mike, I think just to be mindful as we start this year, Rich talked about some of the headwinds, we are factoring those in. Those get distributed a lot to the businesses and each of these businesses has incrementally more water to carry in the first quarter into the fourth. And we are taking steps to offset those as best we can to stop it where I strongly endorse what Rich has said. I think we are setting a foundation there. Don't be in all shock that we start a little bit weak from that we build it as we go through the second, third quarter and fourth quarters of the year.
Mike Sison – Keybanc: Got you. And John, just real quick on backlogs for HPC. Are they pretty good here heading into the first half?
John Steitz: Yes, they look reasonably strong, Mike, and hopefully we are through the worst in that business. Obviously – especially, 2009 with all the metals issues we had to deal with and at a point, our customers just had to get these reactors changed out. So – but on that note, we are hoping for a bit more ratable volumes in the first half.
Mike Sison – Keybanc: Great. Thank you.
John Steitz: Thank you.
Mark Rohr: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Good morning, gentlemen. Congratulations on a nice finish for the year.
Mark Rohr: Great, thanks, Dmitry.
John Steitz: Thanks, Dmitry.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Couple of questions. One on the price mix components across your businesses. From the conversations that took place here earlier, my understanding is that it was multiply mixed. Did pricing in fact go down in any of the businesses and if so, was it just a pass-through or was it a competitive pressure or why did pricing come down as it did on year-over-year basis?
John Steitz: Yes, thanks, Dmitry. This is John. Without doubt, the majority of the pricing pressure was mix based, okay? And the majority I’d say of that would relate to the metals pass through. I mean, in HPC in the quarter itself, that was about a $40 million impact on the fourth quarter. So you can judge how big of an issue that was. And I'm talking year-over-year there, not sequentially.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay.
John Steitz: But I think broadly across the businesses, there has been very little true price erosion. In the fourth quarter, there was some formulaic based petrochemical pass-through as some of those raw materials declined in the fourth quarter, but those same raw materials that declined in the fourth quarter we are seeing produce a bit of a headwind in the first quarter, particularly related to benzene and phenol and some of those feedstocks, okay?
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Got you, got you. When you look at the Catalysts business, you showed that volumes were about 12% year-over-year. Can you talk about specifically the HPC, the FCC, and the polymerization catalysts and give us some idea how those businesses performed in terms of volumes in the quarter and what your expectation is for 2010?
John Steitz: Yes, you bet. First of FCC, Dmitry, it was down a bit year-over-year, 4Q to 4Q '08 and I think that was – in the fourth quarter of '08, there was still – for a part of that quarter, pretty good economic activity, higher employment levels and that kind of thing and people didn’t have the car in the garage if you will. With that said, so we had a decline year-over-year, but we saw a bit of an increase sequentially, which I think is a good reflection of the miles-driven statistics as they improved through the back half of 2009. And so going forward, I think we can anticipate continued volume growth for the year in 2010, but we will have a sequential decline in FCC volumes in the first quarter because we generally see that because of those shut downs. HPC, we saw double-digit increases in volumes in the fourth quarter. I would hope – I think we can hold on to that kind of volume level in the first quarter and second quarter and we are looking forward to turning a big corner here for us for the year and having well, I'd say it's double-digit volume increases year-over-year in HPC. And then the new polyolefin catalysts business also I think we will see volume continue to grow in that business year-over-year and we are seeing positive signs there for Catalysts. And then lastly, I'll mention what we've talked about in the past, is the AFT volumes kicking in. We'll have some of that for Neste [ph] in the second quarter and there is an order in the fourth quarter that right now could go in the four, could go in the first, we are not quite sure. Those schedules do tend to change.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Got you, got you. Now, is the – your kind of confidence in the HPC performance in the first half of the year obviously comes from the order book that you currently have and have some visibility on. Can you give us an idea if this is kind of the replacement cycle beginning to kick in or are these brand new applications and brand new refineries in other parts of the world that – and not so much tighter replacement cycle?
John Steitz: I think, directionally it's probably 60% to 70% of the volume we are seeing is a normal. After a prolonged period of not having those change-outs, we are seeing more change-outs occur. We saw more in the back half of the fourth quarter, we are seeing more in the first half, and then that is added to by some of the new refining operations coming on-stream in the Middle East and India.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay, but –
John Steitz: Let's say it's probably 60-40.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay. So over 60% plus is from the replacement business and so that gives you confidence that we – finally, after nearly three years or so of delays that we kind of finally there in terms of getting the cycle underway?
John Steitz: Yes, right, Dmitry.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay. Very good. Just want to make sure that I understand correctly, the $160 million in cost savings that this Plan C is supposed to generate, you generated about $100 million or so you said in 2009. So for 2010, we should expect about a $60 million delta or it's going to get to that run rate by the end of 2010 so it wouldn't quite be $60 million?
Luke Kissam: Yes, hi, Dmitry. This is Luke Kissam. It will get to that run rate by the end of the year.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay. So we are probably looking at incremental more like $20 million to $30 million or so?
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think that's probably right. This is back-end loaded for us because we have the structural moves that we talked about in Europe.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Got you, got you. I was a little surprised that you expect FCC volumes to be lower in the first half of the year on year-over-year basis in 2010. I mean, as you mentioned, we are coming up against fairly weak comps, where part of the fourth quarter was still okay in terms of miles driven, but it really fell off the table in kind of the March and June quarters. Why would you expect FCC volumes to still be down on a year-over-year basis?
John Steitz: Yes, Dmitry, if I said that, I misspoke. What I intended to say was that FCC volumes in the first quarter will be down sequentially a bit. Not a lot, but a bit.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay.
John Steitz: And growing through the back half of the year, still growing year-over-year. I'd say in the low-single digit volume.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay. So it's kind of a normal growth rate that you would like for FCC.
John Steitz: We normally see it slower in the first quarter because of all the turnarounds and FCC is consumed on a ratable basis. So if they are not running the refinery and they are doing a turnaround, say, that volume will decline.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay. But in terms of year-over-year, you are not expecting a slow start to the year?
John Steitz: – seeing growth for the year with the slower start in the first quarter.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay. And then final question, you mentioned it’s kind of as a top priority for your growing cash position, which we have used it for acquisitions, something – which you haven't done in the last 12 months plus, historically in the past you – you run a $200 million or so a year – every other year. Is that kind of the rate that you are looking to – or is that kind of the size of the acquisitions which you are looking at and in what areas are we likely to see this? What are kind of some of your focus areas for making acquisition?
Mark Rohr: Yes, we have a history of being a bit cyclical with this, but I would say that your range is right for what we could call bolt-on. And there are a number of bolt-ons we are looking at, primarily in the Fine Chemical area and – that are out there that are pretty attractive to us that would sort of continue our growth in that arena. On a larger basis, we have a pretty – we have a huge appetite, we are pretty purposeful in how we think about these things, but the areas that are attractive to us obviously are step-out in catalysts and I think when you look at that, that can even be some secondary kind of businesses that deal with highly complex inorganic and metallic – inorganic metallic kind of combinations that are out there. In the area of Polymers, we are looking more towards polymeric and material science kind of applications. There are some new technology that's kind of appealing to us. And lastly, we talked about Fine Chemicals and we continue to debate whether we spot further down the chain there, some areas like bromine. So there is a pretty broad feel for us, Dmitry, but you should expect that if we do these things, they are going to be accretive. We have no intention to moving off our investment-grade rating that we have out there and the last thing for us, most important, it's going to make great sense to the folks that know us and follow us. We are not out to just invest money to buy something and get bigger. We really want to grow these business foundations we have in place.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Got you. Okay, thank you very much.
Mark Rohr: Thanks a lot.
John Steitz: Thanks, Dmitry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil with Davenport & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Rohr: Hi, Todd.
Todd Vencil – Davenport & Company: A lot has been answered. I just want to dig in and think about things in a little bit of different way. I mean, obviously volumes are coming up across a lot of products. Can you kind of take a minute and step back and talk about where you guys are in the various major business units or capacity utilization relative to where you've been, say, in the last year or two?
Mark Rohr: Well, I mean, the capacity utilization the last year, Todd, as you know was – I mean, we just – you couldn’t talk about it because we were basically shutting down so many things in the first part of the year.
Todd Vencil – Davenport & Company: Right.
Mark Rohr: Largely, the business has been operating in the – if you look back beyond that, in the 80% to 90% kind of range and for a specialty business like ours, that tends to use the same asset for different things. That's about – that’s pretty high capacity utilization. We are starting to see some of that return in some areas now for us where we are running at pretty high capacity and I think John mentioned some debottlenecking is looking to occur in the Catalysts area in particular. We have some in the Polymeric areas as well where we are really pushing the edge of that capacity. So you should look at us as being – I wouldn't say – we are not out of capacity, we are pretty tight, in some of the bromine chains, we are going to be pretty tight and we are pretty tight in some of the Catalysts chains that's out there. And as we end the year, having said that, with SIGA and things like that, we are going to get pretty tight in the Fine Chemicals chain. So we are moving up into, from a capacity utilization point of view, I'd say in the 90% kind of range as we go through this year.
Todd Vencil – Davenport & Company: Got it. And you mentioned even given some of the cost headwinds you are looking it, a lot of which obviously are contractually offset with pass-through and some which you are going to have to try to get, you mentioned that even those headwinds you still think margins are going to be up. I mean, do you think the price cost element of margin remains higher? I mean, so what I'm asking is, are you going to be able to make up all this cost on price or some of it get made up through capacity absorption?
Mark Rohr: Yes, I think the biggest – I mean, the biggest change year-over-year in our business was volumetric or absorption because we just weren’t running.
Todd Vencil – Davenport & Company: Sure.
Mark Rohr: And so that volume component is still going to play. The absorption component is still going to play a big part of our gain as we go through this year. There are some areas where John has been driving price and I think we will have some success there. There are other areas where it's going to be really difficult given the tentative nature of the customers that are out there. A lot of folks are still just barely hanging on through this recession. So you should look – that would be predominantly in the volume is where we are going to drive most of our margin improvement that's out there for us this coming year.
Todd Vencil – Davenport & Company: Hopefully, not a lot of loss though on the price cost side?
Mark Rohr: Well, we are pretty – we don't give anything away. I mean, we expect to – our products make a lot of money for our customers and we work for to make sure that they make a lot of money for our customers and so we expect to get compensated for that. But in fairness, when you look at some of the businesses that are out there, I mean, the U.S. economy is still struggling and some parts of Europe are still struggling dramatically and we've got to do our part to help customers in some areas. So we are going to work hard not to give up too much, but I'm sure we will have to give up some – in some areas.
Todd Vencil – Davenport & Company: Okay. And I guess final question on that, just around that – this area is based on what you said about the fact that some of your price is getting tied in and I mean, I guess I can derive this from your comments on the margins, but is it fair to say that we've now kind of taking back most of the volumetric margins that we are going to get, maybe not all of it, but – ?
Mark Rohr: I think by the end of 2010, that will be case.
Todd Vencil – Davenport & Company: Okay.
Mark Rohr: But – yes?
Todd Vencil – Davenport & Company: Okay, that's it. Thanks a lot.
Mark Rohr: Great. Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: Good morning, guys.
Mark Rohr: Hi Bob, how are you doing?
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: Good. Sorry about the telecom wimble I went into earlier.
Mark Rohr: It's all right. I know you –
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: Two questions. One may be for Luke. When you think about operating rate in your bromine wells in Arkansas, can you give some sense to where those might be by the end of this year relative to maybe where they were in the '06, '07 time frame?
Luke Kissam: I think that – Bob, it's hard to tell what the demand is going to be by year-end. But if you assume that the rates are going to be consistent with what we've done with our planning for the year, we are going to be close back up with kind of '07 rates I think.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit, maybe John, on Fine Chemicals? The sales were off 10%. I think you picked that oil field chemicals in particular as the weak area. Were the rest of the – was the rest of the portfolio on positive territory in terms of year-on-year volume?
John Steitz: Yes, Bob. Yes, it was – clear brines was a piece of it. So the sales decline year-over-year, you call about half of it clear brines and the other half was some ag intermediates that we supply and the customer just cut back on their order patterns at the end of the year. So what we saw in Fine Chemicals was all the new products, both on the bromine side and the fine chemistry side, really kicked in to offset those two headwinds.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then can just remind me again, when I look at moly prices and volatility in moly, how that affects – one, how it gets passed through and then, how it affects your customer buying behavior? I mean, obviously we've seen moly some days was in the 30s the last couple of years, then it sort of troughed out last year in the $12 or $13 range and we've seen some increases up here to the mid-teens. How is that going to change behavior? How does that get through to your product pricing?
John Steitz: Yes. So the product is – price in the contracts is based on the index, the two published indexes, usually one or the other or an average of both, Bob. And then year-over-year what we saw moly do was probably – was cut in half. So it was in the range of $27 a pound down to, in the fourth quarter, something in the range of $13 a pound. Now, we are seeing a little bit of pressure on that now. They have been going up through the course of the first quarter here. But generally, there are some customers who believe that it could go back up and may want us to procure the metal for them and thus, having a base load of metals price in their catalysts. There are some who – it doesn't appear to be that important to or they are not willing to bet either way. But generally, in the fourth quarter, that was a big reduction in revenues because the moly portion of the catalyst pricing was way down. As I mentioned earlier in the call, that was about $40 million year-over-year. But – anyway, that's the scenario. Hopefully, that gives – answers your question. I guess not.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: Just to clarify, John, does that mean you take the credit risk of taking that metal for your customer, but don't actually get to book your revenue because you haven't delivered the product?
John Steitz: Well, this was – I mean, to a degree, that's true, okay? So that's why in – we had such a big metals issue in 2009 because we had such way too high inventories frankly. And what we are doing now, Bob, is really trying to manage those inventory levels extremely tight. A matter of fact, our teams are working with a third party to really help us break out of the box in terms of how we handle planning and forecasting for HPC business, because that is such a big issue and it was a big issue for us in 2009, as I think you are aware.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: Got it. And one last one, if I might, for Mark. You've, I thought, quoted out a target of $4 a share of earnings in 2012. I guess I don't have that clarity and confidence to forecast that far out. Some who have taken a stab at it aren’t anywhere close to that number. So in terms of street estimates, your confidence you are going to give us a robust analysis so we can see what the waterfall is from here to four bucks or is it a long-range target that's a little less granular?
Mark Rohr: We came out in 2008 and did that. We would provide a lot of specificity of our plans, I know that was going to happen and we will – and we will be doing the same thing this coming May. And that’s the target we have internally and of course, we are expecting a lot of that out of organic growth activities, but there will be some – little bit of support from acquisitions to help us get to that level, but it's still our expectation to get this machine [ph] to $4 by 2012.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs: Terrific. Thanks.
Mark Rohr: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Yang with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer: Hi, good morning. Congrats on the quarter.
Mark Rohr: Thank you.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer: A clarification on the earlier question from P.J. on Catalysts. Are you expecting Catalysts to show sequential operating income growth 4Q to 1Q? I get a pretty strong fourth quarter and I think you had some additional royalty income this quarter as well?
John Steitz: Yes. This is John. We are – well, let me put it this way. I would be extremely disappointed if we didn’t have sequential profit growth on Catalysts business in the first quarter.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer: Okay. And thinking more longer term on Catalysts, big growth driver again longer term was going to be oil sands or the crude slate getting progressively heavy. What kind of oil price do you think it would take to get those projects back online and what do you think the long-term growth rate for Catalysts at this point normalizing for year-over-year changes in refill cycles and so on?
Mark Rohr: Yes, I think what's different between today and say in the 2005, '06 kind of time frame is that there – there is a lot of pressure of these refineries who are under their margins are really stressed and it doesn't look to me like the U.S. and European refinery is going to be out of that situation anytime soon. In fact, some folks predict maybe five years or six years or seven years and that kind of trough. I think really it's the margin these guys are making on the recovery materials that are really driving these investments. So it's going to be hard to – in my opinion, to go out and invest the kind of extraordinary capital it takes to recover incrementally new material from the oil sands. So I – we don't really see that growth profile as being as dramatic as everyone thought it was going to be a few years ago. But clearly, as oil prices go up, part of their contribution is the margin, just the recovery of crude. That number, as you know, used to be 50, it's migrated north of 50 now. Last number I saw was in the 80 range, which is close to where we are. But you are going to need to see some stability of crude and the crude markets before that investment takes place. Beyond that, what we see for the business though is we do see continued growth. Now, I want to be really clear in saying that what Albemarle is able to do is bring new technologies to the marketplace in spite of what has been absolutely horribly marketplace. We have added lot of value for our customers by bringing in new FCC technologies, by bringing in new HPC technologies. I don't think that's going to change. So we are expecting to get into a, what I call, more normal growth cycle of 5%, 6% kind of levels of HPC and so we think that's what is going to be carrying us going forward. Now, FCC, it's going to be hard to get big volume growth there because that business is from the base level and gasoline is slightly declining, but we think we can hold volumes here and by introducing new products, slowly push those up. So a few percentage points here is what I would expect. Polyolefin, as John talked, doubling kind of. So that's a double-digit kind of year-over-year growth for a couple of years and that's what we think is going to be happening there. The last thing I'll comment on is that we are pretty myopic in our approach to Catalysts and that we satisfy our current customers and there are actually teams of people looking how we push out in other areas like in solar film area and things like that using some of these technologies. So I think we will be bringing additional businesses to play here in Catalysts to maintain growth. So that's a long-winded way of saying that we expect good growth in this business and if ever was a normal cycle, I'd say back to stronger in more normal areas that we anticipated in the 2006, '07 time frame.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer: Okay. And thank you for that insight, Mark. My final question is just on polymer additives. And the improvement there has been very, very impressive, especially starting from the first quarter to the fourth quarter of 2009. When I look at this business historically, it has had big cyclical dips and conversely, we've had big spikes upwards as well. But when I average it out over the past five years, you earn about $106 million in income in polymer additives including good times and bad. And when you look at the fourth quarter that you just reported, the run rate is a big higher than that. It's closer to $128 million. Does this mean that we are kind of at the later – latter innings of recovery in this business? It doesn't sound like you believe that. And what kind of structural or secular drivers are helping you have some additional confidence in driving incremental polymer additives growth? Some people are talking about a new PC replacement cycle for example. Are your customers talking about that?
John Steitz: Yes. Yes, this is John. That's a big question, that's a very broad question you just asked. Let me try to comment on it. I – fire safety is kind of the pillar there. And then you build on that with electronics growth. And then you have – I mentioned this wave effect of printed circuit boards to enclosures, I mean TVs, to auto and construction and things like that, a very broad-based business. So with that, if we don't see any kind of significant economic derailment, I think we can continue to grow this business and have a very solid 2010. What we've tried to do through the course of – especially, the first half of 2009 is determine our own destiny by driving out cost and doing that in a very structural, permanent way. And if you look at that, the incremental margins in this business, we are very proud of that. And hopefully that will really be a pillar, if you will, that we can build on in the coming year. So we think after this Chinese New Year, we'll have a much better reflection of real-time demand. We've got our inventory structure right and we feel we are staying very close to our customer base to meet their needs. So I think 2010 can be a solid year for us.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer: Okay. Thank you very much.
John Steitz: Thanks, Ed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wright [ph]. Please proceed with your question. Mr. Wright, your line is open. And there are no further questions at this time.
Sandra Rodriguez: Thank you. I'd like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If there are any further questions, you can contact me at the number indicated on our press release. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation, you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sandra Rodriguez - Director - Investor Relations Mark C. Rohr - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Luther C. Kissam, IV - Executive Vice President John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank North America Steve Sherman - Lafayette Research Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. Lucy Watson - Jefferies and Co. Dimitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research Edward Yang - Oppenheimer Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the third quarter 2009 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Leticia, I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question and answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Sandra Rodriguez Director of Investor Relations, please proceed ma'am.
Sandra Rodriguez: Thanks Leticia. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today for a review of Albemarle's third quarter results, which were released after the market closed yesterday. Our press release contains preliminary results for the quarter which are, as you know, subject to further review by the company and our auditors as part of our quarter end review process. Please note that we have posted supplemental sales information as well as reconciliation for net debt and EBITDA on our website under the Investor Information section at albemarle.com. I would also like to caution that remarks today containing forward-looking statements, factors that could cause results to differ from expectations are listed in our annual report on Form 10-K. Participating with me on the call this morning are Mark Rohr, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Luth Kissam, Executive Vice President; John Steitz, Chief Operating Officer and Rich Diemer, Chief Financial Officer. At this, time I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark C. Rohr: Thanks Sandra. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our third quarter conference call. I will begin today with a few opening remarks on the company's quarterly results and our current view of how improving market trends impacted our business in the third quarter, and how these trends continue show signs of further improvement. Luth will follow with a brief update on the Company's productivity and cost reduction efforts. John will cover the segment performance sharing his insight on each business and Rich will wrap up with the financial highlights. As you're seeing from many reports, the case is being built that the U.S. economy bottomed in the second quarter and that we're experiencing early stages of recovery. We've certainly seen this in our markets. Activity in all sectors has stabilized. The sense of pre-fall we've been living with has diminished and volume improvements in virtually every sector are underway. Perhaps most noticeable, the year-end warning signals from some Asian customers we spoke about on the last call have yet to materialize which bodes well for Albemarle to wrap up this year. Before moving onto quarterly results, let me take a few minutes to highlight some of the strategic initiatives underway. First I'm pleased to announce Barry Perry would join our Board effective January 1. Barry served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer of Englehard from 2001 to 2006 which is now part of BASF, and prior to that, he had a distinguished career with General Electric and Rhone-Poulenc. He brings a wealth of experience in polymer science and global leadership that will be a strong addition to our Board. We look forward to Barry's contributions and welcome him to the Albemarle team. I hope you had a chance to see our press release this morning where we announced the formation of a joint venture between Albemarle and Saudi Basic Industries Corporation. Due to this venture, the two parties will build a World-Scale Organometallics production facility in Al-Jabal, Saudi Arabia. Our Polyolefins Catalysts business has grown nicely over the past two years and has become a strategic component of the company. The Polyolefins market has substantial needs for Catalysts. They can help customers' differentiate their product lines. Albemarle, the leading provider of advanced technical solutions for this market, with this joint venture will become the first manufacturer of these components in the Middle East. We're obviously very excited about this joint venture and expect it to be the foundation for the opportunities in the region. Early this month the American Chemical Society jointly recognized Albemarle and it's consortium partners, Lummus Technology and Neste Oil with a award for our Affordable Green Chemistry 2010 award for Affordable Green Chemistry for AlkyClean Technology. This is another great example of our commitment to sustainable value added solutions. AlkyClean solid acid alkylation process significantly improves the safety of the refinery processes. Besides this environmental advantage, the technology also improves operational economics, while this business is generating very modest earnings at this time and has good potential as a green solution for the refinery industry. With that, let me now address the company results. On an extremely challenging first-half of 2009, I am very pleased with the advances we have made in number of our businesses this quarter. The positive momentum regained across the portfolio drove earnings of $0.57 per share for the third quarter. Sales revenue was 515 million versus 660 million at same quarter of 2008. But compared to 445 million last quarter, our sales increased 16%, driven by sequential volume improvement of nearly 22%. Net income for the quarter was 52.1 million, down 7% from the third quarter 2008, up 35% from last quarter. Segment margins increased 90 basis points year-over-year and 140 basis points sequentially to 14.3%. This level of profitability highlights the progress we've made by lowering our breakeven point. A number of end markets are gaining traction including Consumer Electronics where our flame retardants are used. Manufacturers are restocking depleted inventories and haven't seen the slowdown that we anticipated earlier than second half. Better demand coupled with our continued cost management efforts led to top and bottom-line sequential improvements in our polymer segment. Stated another way, polymer's profitability for the third quarter has more than tripled the combined profitability of the prior three quarters. Following a tough second quarter in Fine Chemicals, the segment rebounded nicely on improved sales volume. New product sales, improving demand across our bromine chain and increased cost absorption all contributed to Fine Chemical’s segment income of 14.2 million, which exceeds segment income for the first half of 2009. Lag in volume recovery in the Completion Fluids business was a drag on earnings this quarter and I expect that will continue until drilling activity improves. Our Catalyst business performed well in the quarter with sequential volume improvements across the Board. The business delivered impressive profits of 33.4 million and were not for unfavorable variances in Polyolefins Catalysts and one of our joint venture would have done better. We've included several new product offerings over the last few months or our new nickel molyb catalysts that enhances auto cracking performance and FCC catalysts significantly boost cracking yields. These two technologies are taking hold and will be a key enabler for our continued growth in refinery business in the quarters ahead. Turning now to input costs, for the third quarter gross raw material and energy cost were roughly 58 million below the third quarter last year, with approximately 60% of this in metals. Excluding metals, we currently expect full year raw materials to be roughly 60 million lower than 2008. That said, petroleum based stocks continue to rise on a sequential basis and energy is following similar trends. Natural gas prices are expected to climb in fourth quarter to a level near those we experienced last year. We expect total year-over-year energy cost be down 20 million, and altogether, we are looking at year-over-year input cost to be roughly $200 million below 2008, reflecting both price and volume. Taking metals out of that estimate, we are looking at about $80 million year-over-year variance. Cash and equivalence as of September 30, was $260.4 million levels exceeding our year end levels despite paying off over 100 million of debt. Inventories are lower than they were at June 30, despite the continued pickup in the pace of the business. Our balance sheet gives us the financial flexibility to capitalize on these opportunities. I'd like to salute the tremendous effort achieved on working capital and cash generation in this quarter. Looking forward, while the rebalancing of globally economic landscape is still a work in progress, we expect strong growth in Brazil, China and Korea to support lower levels of growth in U.S. and Europe. The good news is we are talking about growth in all regions. Fourth quarter shift shows sequential growth on the back of improved volumes in Fine chemicals and Catalysts. HPC and Polyolefins Catalysts should both grow sequentially as will fine chemistry services and bromine volumes. The demand for our flame retardants has started to rebound nicely as indications suggest a steady and sustained recovery in printed circuit board and connectors market. Based on what we're seeing in October and assuming that world doesn't come to an end after Thanks Giving, Albemarle should deliver solid fourth quarter results in what is typically a seasonally a soft quarter. Taking an early look at 2010, volume growth will be augmented by a number of new product offerings across our portfolio. Year-to-date, new product introductions account for about 33% of total net sales. A large portion of that is in Catalysts where we launched several new products over the last year. And we're soon going to introduce breakthrough technology of eco-friendly polymer products that promote sustainable and improved performance for our electronics customers. Additionally, our Fine chemistry service pipeline has a very healthy composition of pharmaceutical, Ag and other product development projects. With that, let me ask Luth to comment on our progress with productivity initiatives.
Luther C. Kissam, IV: Thanks Mark and good morning everyone. We've talked before about the restructuring efforts we’ve embarked upon in the U.S. and Asia, had planned in Europe to reduce our operating cost by 160 million versus 2008 costs. These actions will reinforce the company's ability to deliver quality earnings during the slow or robust economy. I'd like to give you an update on where we are to-date on these efforts. For the first nine months of 2009, our costs were about $85 million lower than for the same period in 2008, that figure excludes the one-time accrual reversal of $8 million in the first quarter of 2009 and the favorable currency impact we're experiencing year-to-date. We're also working hard to change the way we operate, to make sure that we keep these cost out even as volumes return. In the third quarter, we took some additional steps that are critical to the success of this restructuring. In September, we initiated the consultation process with our employees at our EU headquarters in Brussels and with the respective Works Councils at our Martinswerk mineral flame retardant plant in Germany, and our Refinery Catalyst Center in the Netherlands. These consultations are required under local laws prior to any restructuring at those sites. At this stage in the process, it is not possible to predict the timing or amount of any special charges related to any restructurings. But our best guess is that we will incur special charges totaling in the range of 10 to $15 million over the next few quarters. The goals of the consultation process and improving restructuring actions is to have the right processes, procedures and controls in place to achieve operational efficiencies and create a more flexible and cost effective operating structure. As part of the restructuring process, we are looking to establish a global center of excellence for transactional processes in Budapest, Hungary. This center will consolidate our transactions across Europe and in some essences across the globe. This new center which is a part of the Project One Albemarle that we have talked about with you before, will lower our cost and make us more efficient, creating a stronger and more sustainable business model for Albemarle. In addition to cost reductions, we continue to focus on working capital. Even if demand and production rates have increased throughout the year, we've kept our inventory levels at historically low levels while still meeting the demands of the customers. Rich will talk more about our results to-date a little later. But the important aspect is that we have fundamentally changed the way we forecast, produce, and deliver products so that we can keep our inventory levels down. In closing; our year-to-date results continue ahead of schedule with regards to our cost reduction initiatives. There remains a lot of work to do, but we have plans in place that make us comfortable that our target is achievable. We'll continue to update you on our progress of the coming quarters. With that, I'll turn it over to John.
John M. Steitz: Thanks, Luth and good morning everyone. And let me start with Catalysts. Catalysts business saw sequential increases in volumes and revenue in the third quarter. HPC, FCC and Polyolefin Catalysts delivered on sequential top line growth. Sales revenues were $189 million, down 18% compared to the same quarter last year, but up 12% sequentially. Majority of the year-over-year decline is lower metals cost passed through to customers. Molybdenum pricing alone diluted revenue by nearly $40 million. Segment income was $33.4 million for the quarter driving a healthy 18% segment margin, a 190 basis point improvement over the third quarter of 2008. However lower joint venture income and royalty income negatively impacted profitability in the quarter and I'm sure we'll talk more about that later. We have a lot of moving parts in Catalysts that on the whole create a very solid business. October volumes were up to a robust start and product pricing across our business is holding steady. DOT's latest release on traffic volume trend showed miles driven increased over the past few months, following negative trend since January. We look at this as one indicator of FCC catalyst demand but we also believe miles driven is an important indicator to help the economy in general. Our strong catalyst technology base and broad range of high performance products strengthen our market position to deliver real value at a critical time for the industry. In Fine Chemicals: Net sales for the third quarter increased 25% sequentially to $130 million. Fine Chemicals segment income for the quarter was 14.2 million; a healthy rebound from last quarter's level with segment margins coming in 11%. Obviously, Fine Chemicals business made great strides. Nearly every division of our Performance Chemical sector showed operating profit growth compared to the second quarter. This includes completion fluids which had strong sequential volume improvement outside of the Gulf of Mexico. However, these volumes were primarily of our lighter grade products reflecting the nature of the more easily extracted crude oil production. While U.S. rig counts are still at low levels. We expect completion fluid's demand to be modestly better in the fourth quarter and albeit with the better mix. We turned up production in our Bromine assets to meet demand requirements. This resulted in improved fixed cost absorption. Utilization was approximately at least 65% as we continued to avoid any inventory build. Our Sorbent business also had a nice uptick this quarter. Our Biocides Treatments business in the food supply chain are gaining traction. This business has good long-term growth potential as the beef and poultry industries look for more effective food safety solutions. Our Fine Chemistry services, sales and profitability also showed good sequential improvement. Results benefited from our seasonal lag intermediate sales and also from new pharmaceutical and crop protection business. We're hopeful that our proven success with the Tamiflu intermediate will lead to broader opportunities among our customer base. All in all, the team executed very well on the opportunities we talked about last quarter and we feel confident of continuing improvement in Fine Chemicals. Turning now to Polymers. Our Polymer segment delivered another quarter of sequential double digit volume growth, revenue of 197 million was 25% below the third quarter of last year but increased 14% sequentially. Third quarter segment income was slightly lower than third quarter 2008, but surpassed second quarter by $11 million or nearly 78%. Polymer segment margins of 13.2% are the highest they’ve been since mid 2007, great execution by the team. Better flame retardant volumes and lower unabsorbed manufacturing cost drove the sequential profit improvement and margin expansion in the quarter. We did not see the sudden spike in demand in flame retardants like last quarter. It was more of a steady increase each month with September being the strongest. October is off to a good start, especially in our brominated flame retardants business. Mineral flame retardants are showing a modest up tick, improving market demand coupled with the successful cost reduction efforts that Luth described should start fueling improved profitability in our mineral based flame retardants business in 2010. We feel good about where we stand at this point. Thanks in large part to the hard work and can-do spirit of our employees around the globe. The strategic actions we have taken to control our own destiny during and after the economic challenges make us stronger operationally and financially. So with that, I'll turn it over to Rich.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr.: Thanks, John. I will cover the following financial matters on today's call. Taxes, corporate expense, CapEx, our quarter-end balance sheet and financial position and lastly working capital and cash generation. We've lowered our estimates for our full year effective tax rate on an operational basis that is ex one-time items to 12%, down approximately 2% from our prior view. As a result, our Q3 effective tax rate was just under 10% as we recorded a true up for the full year. The lower full year rate is due principally to higher actual and forecast level and mix of income principally from JVC, our Jordanian venture that is not subject to tax. Our 2010 effective tax rate for planning purposes is 20%. So, clearly our current tax rate is a short-term consequence of various factors including our current level and mix of income. We will update our view of our 2010 effective tax rate during our year-end earnings call. Unallocated corporate expense in Q3 was 10.1 million, at expected levels for the quarter. My best estimate for Q4 corporate expense is a range of 11 to $12 million. Our EBITDA in the quarter was 88 million, down 15% from prior year, but up almost 20% from last quarter. As we start to lap the economic turmoil by EBIT rate last year, we anticipate positive year-over-year EBITDA accounts for the foreseeable future. CapEx for the quarter was 23 million. We expect full year CapEx will now be in a range of 95 to 100 million. Depreciation and amortization in Q3 was 24 million and our best estimate for full year D&A is a 100 million. Including 49 million of debt at JVC our Jordanian venture, our quarter end consolidated debt was 821 million, down 27 million from last quarter and 111 million from year end. 442 million of our debt at floating rate and 379 million at fixed rate, roughly a 55:45 ratio. Our floating rate interest rate was 0.8% at quarter end. The weighted average interest rate for Q3 was 2.6%. Net of 260 million cash on hand, and excluding 27 million of un-guaranteed debt consolidated JVC debt, our net debt decreased 115 million in the quarter to 533 million, it’s lowest quarter-end balance since June 2004 just prior to our Refinery Catalysts acquisition. Our debt-to-cap ratio is just below 40%, our net debt cap is now 31% and our debt to EBITDA ratio is approximately 2.9 times. We expect our debt to EBITDA ratio to decrease in future quarters from this level. Cash flow from ops was 152 million in the quarter and 259 million year-to-date. We have reduced net working capital by 113 million year-to-date, with the significant contribution coming from our efforts to move to a made to order model. Inventories are down 175 million since year-end and decreased 22 million this quarter despite the increasing phase of business. With that I'll hand it back to Sandra.
Sandra Rodriguez: Thank you Rich. Okay, we would like to open it up to your questions at this time.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy of Banc of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes, good morning. Mark congratulations on inking your Organometallics joint venture in the Middle East. I was wondering if you could comment on how the 6,000 tons of TEA equivalence there compares to your current capacity and what the capital expenditures are associated with this expansion?
Mark Rohr: Well, the capital in rough numbers would be about $80 million, we think Kevin. Total in that and of course this is a joint venture and it will have its own financing. So, that's our best estimate right now in that. As a percent of the total, I won't really give that kind of specific numbers, but if you look at the growth in that region and you look at the diversification of our business, it really does not add any material capacity to the mix here, as we see it anyway going forward. So I would look at this as a industry wide capacity addition, it’s more satisfying, a huge growing demand in that region and existing capacity is being converted to other products this time as we go forward.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then a follow up if I may for John on Catalysts. I heard you mentioned the 12% sequential sales increase in terms of profit, there was a sequential decline at the operating level. I was wondering if you could help us understand why there would have been a negative contribution margin there?
John Steitz: Yeah, thanks Kevin and that's an obvious and very good observation on the business, because we've worked hard to get a good understanding of that. So if you look at the business sequentially, first; we mentioned the mixed impact in Polyolefin Catalysts and really as the quarter developed, we kept a very close eye on inventory levels of the basic business and we reduced production volume sequentially which resulted in between 4 and $5 million negative variation in Polyolefin Catalysts. So that's the biggest impact. We also had some other smaller impacts. One of the JVs had a major customer who had an unscheduled shutdown in the FCC area in South America, that was about a million bucks. And then we actually... for the last couple of years we generated Catalysts business as you can imagine has been quite strong and this is the reference to royalty income and sequentially our JV partner did not get a couple of fairly large orders out at the end of the quarter and that reduced income in royalties which is not in minority interest, that is accounted for base business and that was just ahead of $3 million impact there.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then finally if I may on HPC Catalysts, what were the volumes in 3Q and what would your outlook be for that business volumetrically in the fourth quarter?
Mark Rohr: Well you know that's always the $60 million question, right. But the volumes grew sequentially year-over-year and nicely sequentially. They were handily over 4,000 tons. And we're hoping to beat that number again in the fourth quarter. We're up to a good start and we still have strong projections for 2010 as well Kevin. We're getting more and more, what I would say emergency type of requests, because as you know the industry is quite stressed now.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark Rohr: Well, thanks Kevin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar of Citi. Please proceed.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Yes hi, good morning.
Richard Diemer, Jr.: Good morning Joe.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Wanted to go back to HPC volume question? Did you say that your volumes are up year-over-year?
Richard Diemer, Jr.: Yes, you bet P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: You guys had said earlier that refineries were pushing out these catalyst changes. Can you talk about that and is that still happening and I have a follow-up question on heavy versus light crude.
Richard Diemer, Jr.: Yeah. P.J. Let me clarify it. Year-over-year, the sales number is down and that is mostly the molybdenum impact, as year-over-year that was significantly down. Okay, but yeah, the condition of the refining industry is really difficult right now and the customer base is really doing almost anything they can to delay these types of expenditures. But as we look at the total business, we really have a lot of options for our customer base from regenerated rejuvenate catalyst to topping off reactor fills just to keep it going a little longer to a whole range of different lifecycle options for the customer base. But at the end of the day, these things have to be replaced at some point and I think that's what we saw in the third quarter is the beginning of that trend.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: And refineries are sort of shifting more towards light accrual, is that having an impact on this change-outs and all that?
Richard Diemer, Jr.: Basically I think directionally the changes in refineries on a comparable basis does yield longer catalyst life P.J. So yeah, we are also seeing and as they’ve shifted [inaudible] of the bulk average sulfur in the pool has actually gone down a bit from where it was a few years ago and those things called compound, but to build now what John talked about is we are seeing volume growth in HPC, but you need to appreciate that that the absolute volume level was lower than we thought it would be a few years ago when we forecasted where we'll be at end of this year, by maybe 40% or so. So we got our ways to get that back up. The refineries have been pushing out now for well over a year, maybe as much as 17, 18 months and we are seeing sign of that weakening, we are seeing some stronger order patterns, I think we're going to be in a period of pretty decent HPC growth for the next year or so as we kind of overcome this situation that we're currently in.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: And just finally a quick question on your tax rate. How do you get there, I mean are you running bromine full out in Jordan because there is no tax and Arkansas is curtailed, is that how you get to that lower tax rate?
Mark Rohr: Yes. It's pretty simple, we've done everything we can do in Jordan, unfortunately we're not making a lot of money in the U.S.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Rohr: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank North America: Thank you. Good morning.
John Steitz: Hi David. Good morning.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank North America: Hey John. Bromine as far as given the improving demand trend, are we getting close to a price increase?
John Steitz: Well, we're keeping a close eye on it, David, and in some selected products, we are going through with price increases on some of the niche specialties. I think you need to keep in mind that the trend now what we're seeing is a raw material based specially in bromine flame retardants, related to benzene, phenol and BPA type raw materials is going up too. So that's kind of an offset to any price increase effort, but we're keeping an eye on China.
Mark Rohr: John? (Technical Difficulty)
Operator: Thank you for your patience. Your conference will resume shortly. Again, thank you for your patience and please standby.
Steve Sherman - Lafayette Research: Guys are you there?
Mark Rohr: Yes, we are here.
Steve Sherman - Lafayette Research: I am sorry. Having some problems here. I have noticed this year you have had pretty good builds for the new HPC units and FCC also. Are you guys hearing from your business unit, mainly, these guys are pushing back on existing units as far as new fills or are you getting new business, actually new fill, your fills been negative.
Mark Rohr: Okay, yeah, so is this?
Steve Sherman - Lafayette Research: I am sorry it’s Steve Sherman from Lafayette Research.
John Steitz: Yeah Steve. We got disconnected, I apologize to everyone for that, not quite sure what happened. But if I could I might just ramp up David Begleiter's question by saying and Steve and I'll go into your question.
Steve Sherman - Lafayette Research: Yeah, of course.
John Steitz: About bromine pricing we've seen in flame retardants, we've seen fairly a lot of inflationary trends out of China and this certainly helps the competitive balance and we're just going to keep a close eye on that to turn the year. And solid volume growth is always a good foundation for driving pricing especially in what we see as a potential inflationary environment on the key raw materials in flame retardants. So with that Steve, maybe you could repeat your question. We'll get back on track here.
Steve Sherman - Lafayette Research: Absolutely. I think contrary to your perception; refineries have actually built a number of hydro treatment units. It’s very good growth this year, and also are starting to pickup, actually building new FCC units. Are you seeing them bring these into operation, are they holding off on these and just sort of using your existing units right now? So are you getting new business or are you mainly refilling the existing units?
John Steitz: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. We're seeing most of these are refills. We haven't seen a lot of the new units come on-stream yet with the exception of India, there's been some activity in India. And, but we're hopeful as the economy improves, that fuel demand growth will improve, we'll see some of those new refineries kick in probably 2011 timeframe and beyond. It’s mostly refills, to answer to your question.
Steve Sherman - Lafayette Research: Thank you.
John Steitz: Thank you.
Operator: We will now continue with the line of David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed, sir.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank North America: Thank you. I just had one more question on FCC pricing, it's been stable for a while now. What's the next move in FCC pricing you think up or down and when might it move?
John Steitz: Yeah. David, we always study that, the volumes have been, I'd say recessed, not depressed but mostly due to U.S. volume trends. We're starting to see a up tick, as we mentioned, had a lot of seasonal help in the third quarter, our fourth quarter volumes look good. Raw material cost; they are what I'd say a big inflationary going forward with ATH and some of the base fillers like rare earths and things. So we are keeping a close eye on that and I would say we could have better direction on future FCC pricing at the turn of the year. So we're going to keep close eye on.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank North America: Thank you very much.
John Steitz: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison from KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Michael Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey guys, nice quarter.
Mark Rohr: Thank you.
Michael Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Can you give us a little bit of background on, I'm not sure some of the assets on Tamiflu, how that's ramped up this quarter, what’s the potential for that business heading into the fourth and 2010 would be?
Mark Rohr: Yeah. I'll take a crack there, Mike. We had really solid execution by our team both on the business side and especially the manufacturing side. It probably helped us in the tune in the quarter about $0.02 to $0.03 and probably it has the same impact in the fourth quarter. It's really too early to tell what our customer will do there next year. But there is a lot of noise about very low vaccine yields for the swine flum and Tamiflu is just a great alternative to that solution. So I think we are fairly bullish on it, not only for increasing Tamiflu volumes next year but also Ibuprofen. I mean Ibuprofen is an excellent pain and fever reducer and we're starting to see some I'd say finally on Ibuprofen some nice volume trends here in the fourth quarter on Ibuprofen
Michael Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right. Then, Mark, longer term when you think about polymer additives, for last few quarters, the incremental improvement in profitability continues to come in pretty good relative to what you saw historically. So, if you think about recouping a good portion of the volume declines this year at some point in time, next couple of years, can you sort of walk us through what the new sort of incremental margins for polymer additives would be as the economic environment improves?
Mark Rohr: We actually do a lot a lot of work on a part of manufacturing and business, we’ve lowered the breakeven in that business pretty materially. And so you're seeing profit levels at a lower... frankly we're seeing higher profitable volume levels, low volume levels we don't think we can quite get there. And that's been just really good performance. As we look out Mike, we have a host of new products. I promised last quarter, we're just still not quite ready to introduce them, we’ll introduce some shortly, that  we think we are going to bode well going forward. We think some of the trends reinforce various components of this business. We delayed the anti-oxidant plant for a while in China and they’ve restarted that capital project and frankly [inaudible] for that business is doing very well and growing. And we are seeing opportunities even in some of it like phosphorus that were pretty weak for us. So when you combine all those things together we are pretty bullish on our ability to give back to where we were in that business in next year. Now if you look at longer term in the year, what we are hopeful is that business will process [ph] kind of margin levels that we've been advertising in the past. We believe that should be a high teen margin business, if you look at the value add we got there, there is no reason we shouldn't get there. And well I'm not sure whether we would get there in 2010 or not it’s probably 2011 but I think we'll begin there.
Michael Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks. And last question on HPC, is there sort of a way to help us understand, maybe if refinery margins improve to a certain level or if customer profitability improves to a similar level. How do you sort of absorb all the expansion capacity that you had and really get the benefit of all the earnings potential in HPC? Give us some of the metrics of what you need to see from customers tos start to really see some of these volumes pick up?
Mark Rohr: Mike, what this industry has been about is delivering our value technology and in the -- our value technology enhances throughput, enhances yields and in the low margin scenario, of course cost has been a bigger factor for refineries than yields as a broad generalization. So we need to see these margins get enhanced a little bit. We need to see throughput pick up a little bit. John commented on some of the trends we're seeing in fuel demand which is a positive relative to the volumes picking up, you've also seen announcements of refineries shutting down which is unprecedented in this industry and that's going to afford some additional consolidation. I think the gasoline being moved from Europe with a long gas link to the East Coast. It's having a pretty dramatic impact and that's going to run as course over the next year to 18 months and that's going to leave some of the pressure that we see, of course refineries see, I think as you go forward. In the Middle East, in India we're seeing a lot of build out there that’s going to be coming in. We originally thought that would be coming in the 2011 kind of time frame, that's probably 2012 now, but it’s still happening, but it's been slowed a bit. So when we roll all those things together we see this business restarting, if I’ll say that, should be back where we were in nearly 2003, 2004 time frame. We see a restarting, we expect to see this nice gradual volume growth that we saw actually in ’04, ’05, and 2006 through this business. So I guess what I would say to you Mike is that our expectations are that we will be able to achieve the higher level of profit even at lower HPC volumes than we had in the past been able to because of our breakeven point. And by the time we get to the 2011 kind of time-frame we'll have this business where we had though it would be in 2009.
Michael Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mark Rohr: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs, please proceed.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. I wondered if you guys could help me out on the Fine Chemical side. You give a bridge for each segment in terms of the year-over-year sales. Can you talk about the operating income, you sort of had a 10 million a dollar whole year-on-year, how much of that was from price volume, fixed cost and I'm trying to get a sense, I know you've talked in the past about the utilization rates to bromine or affecting that business. But what I'm trying to put it in the context and think about what might happen if life gets better in that bromine division?
John Steitz: Yeah, Bob, I'll take a crack at that, because just to answer your question, the year-over-year impact in fine chemicals was really all bromine. And it all comes down to what we classify as industrial bromides, which is primarily clear brine fluids. And so that's the big volume impact and then you have the year-over-year volume variance around the bromine related assets that impact Fine Chemicals, so that roughly $10 million decline is all related to bromine.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And John I think you've made some comments about having some optimism for catalyst next year. Mark, I'm wondering if you look broadly across the company, I know your friends over selling these gave some pretty powerful comments about how much better ten could be than nine, even without a lot of economic help. Can you give us some sense of how you look at that if we don't get a pick up in the context of your self help initiatives and anniversaring that black hole early in the year, what kind of numbers you might be thinking about?
Mark Rohr: Well. We'll do a call here in a month and half or so as we do it on the quarter call, and be to better position it, but let me build on that just a little bit. We set out with the objective of pulling out $160 million of cost and you recall, we talked to the street about that Bob. We said that, we wanted to get back to absent volume growth, we wanted to get back to the kind of earnings level we've had prior to the fall of the recession occurred. And Luth gave you an update on that and we're on track with that, we still got more work to do next year, so we feel pretty good about our ability to deliver that base level of business. Now we've already starting to see some volume improvement and we're starting to demonstrate the value of that productivity improvement with our breakeven there. So, I am bullish on 2010 and I feel good about 2010 the way it’s stacking up today, year-over-year I think we're going to see some strong profitability growth and we'll see it across all segments, this is my expectation. The lagger that we still worry about to be honest are bromine as John mentioned, a lot of that goes into the old business, and that business is down probably half year-over-year. And it's hard to imagine if that's going to immediately return in that segment. So those guys have a lot of work to do to overcome some of their shortfall, but I hope we can make it up in other areas. So we're pretty bullish on next year and I just like to hold off on giving any kind of view on numbers to show.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then can you talk a little bit about Catalysts, and I think from the outside, we've been pregnant with this recovery for a long, long time, this refill cycle and it seems to keep missing it little bit, some of your competitors posted a little bit more robust results recently. Should we worry about market share issues here, Mark?
Mark Rohr: No, I don't think you should. I mean this business as you know has a lot of moving parts to it. And John just talked about one which is throughout the income, so some of that shortfall in volume we make up in other ways with our proprietary technology. I think if I could say anything, when we purchased this business, there was a lot of attention being placed on HPC in doing this deal for HPC and perhaps we even supported that with our belief system as well. The reality is that portfolio is a lot more diversified than you led to believe, if you just look at HPC volume. And so between the technology or moving in alternative fuels between the advances we've got in FCC between HPC and what we're doing there, in Polyolefin Catalysts, it’s just a piece Bob. And so I think I would not hang the future of that segment of this corporation on that business, it’s going to do well, but that business is going to do a hell lot better because of all the things that are going on.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And if I may ask, one last one, I appreciate the time. The last quarter you had the Polyolefins business, it seemed to have produced some pretty outsized margin, was that sort of a one quarter blip or can you give us some more color and you mentioned it's not all HPC and catalyst, so what's the trend or outlook in that part of the business?
John Steitz: Yeah Bob, this is John. I'll take a crack at that. So year-over-year Polyolefin catalyst again had some pretty extraordinary results. And as I highlighted to one question earlier, there was a lot of volume variation in the quarter and that's, looks like it's coming back in quarters going forward. So, I think the income on that business is generating the kind of margins it had last quarter on a pretty routine basis. And this announcement of our joint venture with Sorbate really cements some future growth in my mind in that segment for clearly decades to come. So, this announcement this morning we're really excited about, and think that that will really preserve, help preserve the growth of this business for a long time to come.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks.
Mark Rohr: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander of Jefferies. Please proceed.
Lucy Watson - Jefferies and Co.: Hi, this is Lucy Watson getting in for Laurence.
Mark Rohr: Hey Lucy.
Lucy Watson - Jefferies and Co.: Just couple of quick ones. Did consumer end market demand improve sequentially just in electronics did you see stabilization in other polymer solutions consumer end markets as well?
Mark Rohr: Well that's the biggest, I mean that's sort of all the end markets that we tend to look at Lucy. So, within that component for us, if you think about automobile production, it's certainly up and we're seeing some increased demand for our products that go into some of the automotive solutions that are there. We've not seen very much in construction, although it's not going off this dramatically in Europe and in Asia, of course, as it is in the U.S. So the big story really is consumer electronics, but we did also see some uptake in automotive.
Lucy Watson - Jefferies and Co.: Okay, and can you provide an update on customer trials for your environmentally friendly offerings?
John Steitz: Lucy, we've had some success on customer trials early on, customers like what they see and these are primarily in closure with large television producers. Also this would aid the PC market and we are planning a more significant production trial in the first quarter to continue to satisfy that demand. But this is really a longer term play for us, this segment will really help preserve our... on the flame retardants business for a long time to comment that's why we are so excited about it because these products have such a fantastic safety profile, great health profile, they are polymeric in nature, so they are not bio-accumulative and they're recyclable as well. So, we'll work with our customers over the long haul to keep these products out of the environment and it can really help us for the long-term and so we're so excited about it. Thank you.
Lucy Watson - Jefferies and Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dimitry Silversteyn of Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow: Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on the comment you made in your prepared remarks, when you talked about expecting sequential growth to continue, were you talking about all the business in general or one particular area because sequentially, typically your polymer additives business can have a little bit of a downside, but you are looking for sequential growth across all your divisions in the fourth quarter on the top line?
Mark Rohr: We're looking for growth, corporate growth and we're looking for fine and catalyst growth. I think it's impossible for us to call it on polymer additives. Normally we would see a little bit of a dip there, I think we could well see that dip here a little bit. But so, that was really a comment on the corporation as a whole, and with the specificity I would give, we feel pretty good about Fine, we feel pretty good about catalyst and it's hard to call polymer solutions given the... still remaining anxiety in that market with inventories and things like that.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow: Sure. Okay, and secondly I understand that your position and pricing in FCC, it's obviously in an environment of volume declines it is difficult to push pricing through. But with raw material cost going up, are you seeing a little bit more results from the market and your peers in the market to push through higher pricing, or are you still caring the water for the most part in that endeavor.
Mark Rohr: I'd say generally, we're seeing some positive trends here Dimitry, where some concerns are still in Europe but generally, positive trends, to confirm what you just described. Thank you.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow: And then just finally, you talked about the brominated FR polymerized version being little bit of a longer-term development that is going through some L4 data testing. But the new FCC Catalyst that's supposed to enhance gasoline yields in area where you haven't played much before, and the HPC Catalyst you talked about during your Investor Day that lowers operating pressures and temperatures, are those making their way into the market and I just remember, going back to one of your competitors a few years ago, when they launched their gasoline enhancing FCC Catalyst, they seem to have really picked up a lot of share over the course of several years. When should we start to see the benefits of your new catalyst products making into the market or is this also a still years off before it becomes visible.
John Steitz: No, Dimitry it has joint again, you know I thing one statistic that Mark talked about in his prepared remarks was our new products growth, and it's exceptional in our catalyst business and that's been driven by some of our new Polyolefin Catalysts, our active cat line of products and our new HPC High Activity Catalyst which are quite attractive to the customer base. And the third, the high gasoline yielding Go-Ultra product line we call, it is getting a lot of interest in customers. Lot of trials and that is paying some dividends for us, we had just short of... just in the range of double-digit sequential volume growth in FCC. And it looks like we are off to a good start in fourth quarter as well. So no, I don't think those are years at all, I think they are in place as we speak and we measure that vitality through that new products index that Mark mentioned.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow: So, that should have a positive impact both on your top line and margins as I would assume that these are higher margin products?
Mark Rohr: Yeah offset by the raw material pressures that you described, because those are real.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow: Okay. And then one final question on the sorbents technologies business, we've heard China at least publicly at a very high government level talk about becoming a better corporate citizen so to speak in terms of pollution and emission. Is that turning into any kind of regulations or directives or some kind of a program internally, which you can point to and look at market removal being closer to being mandated or at least a strongly suggested endeavor in China or a refill kind of climbing uphill here a little bit in and trying to get that product into Chinese markets that may not necessarily be looking for them?
Mark Rohr: Yeah, let me start Dimitry with the U.S. I think we're seeing broad support in the U.S. for mercury specific legislation both in the house and the Senate and we're not probably option being stuffed out of the room of healthcare and others debates there. I think we've already seen that legislation passed in the U.S. So I'm hopeful that as we move forward here in the months ahead, we'll get some bills introduced in the U.S. and maybe get something done into this year or early next. China is interested in this technology. We've heard rumblings that they would like to see the U.S. or take a lead here. I'm not sure that really is a stumbling block for them, that’s [inaudible] from here currently. And we are spending a lot of time in China to promote this technology and it is getting attention but we are yet to see legislative action here. I am hopeful that as the administration spends more time talking with China about ways that we can work together cooperatively environmentally, this is one topic that will be surfaced as a good example of things we can do together.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow: Okay. And then one final thing, on the HPC side, you talked about new units that are going up in India, I guess is they are going through low sulfur router, is there anything on the horizon in terms of U.S., Europe and Japan as far as new regulations that will become a catalyst for the growth of that business?
John Steitz: Well, I think longer term Dimitry, the trend would be non-atomic mode of transportations fuels, I think that could be distinct possibility on the Europe, U.S. in the coming years and
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow: And that's diesel so to speak?
John Steitz: I'm sorry?
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow: And for all diesel?
John Steitz: Yeah, right and bunker fuels. Shifts started large major peers and
Mark Rohr: You may have seen, Dimitry, there was recently, there was a press going on the great lakes to make that a clean fuel region, that's a good example which will be pretty meaningful.
John Steitz: Somewhere as you've saying in California. And I think that could typically -- these trends start in either U.S. or Europe and then go to the other continents. So, I think the better trend in that area is in some of these emerging economies, where you'll really see a tightening of that self-respect. South America, for example, Brazil and we've got fairly significant issues there on pollution perspective. And you get into the Middle East, India of course and beyond into Asia. So I think that would be the more significant trend where they have made very little progress over the last few years.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow: Okay. But is that something that can be started from existing refineries that have some excess capacity or would that necessitate new refineries and new catalyst units in the regions that you just mentioned.
John Steitz: No, I think it's a combination effect, I would say both.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow: Okay, thank you.
John Steitz: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Yang with Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Hi, good afternoon.
John Steitz: Hi Ed.
Mark Rohr: Hey Ed.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: On polymer additives, sounds like bromine is leading and the minerals and phosphorus is lagging relative to bromine and I would like to better understand that.
John Steitz: Yeah Ed, John Steitz here. Yeah, no question on bromine and related products were the work force in the third quarter. We've got a lot of work around mineral to do, there is a lot of competition, we've got a high cost structure and as Luth described, we've really got to work with our employee base in Europe to get that cost down. And I think that's really a sustainability issue for us. So with that, I think we can fix this mineral business by next year that will help us to get margins back on track in that business for sure.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Okay. And it's been several months since one of your competitors filed for bankruptcy and I was wondering if you're seeing any benefit now, are customers switching to Albemarle or at least evaluating Albemarle as a second source supplier?
Mark Rohr: Well I think what we're seeing in markets is pretty responsible activity by the parties. And so we've not seen a lot of market activity because of that, because of that bankruptcy.
John Steitz: Yeah. I don't think there is any material shift, market shift at all. Market share shift.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Okay. And then Mark, usually you get some comfort level with relative to consensus EPS expectations out there. How do you feel about that $0.56 number for the fourth quarter and $2.39 for 2010?
Mark Rohr: Well I think Bob, your buddy asked about next year and we feel pretty comfortable about the number next year and we'll give more clarity on that as time goes forward. I'll try to iterate that I think we've got some in two of our business segments, we've got some tailwinds as we enter the fourth quarter. And then one, we feel pretty good about how it started which is polymer additives, but you've made a bit [inaudible] about that. So certainly I think we feel good about consensus for -- as we wrap up this year and feel good about the number in next year.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Thank you for your help.
Mark Rohr: Thanks Ed.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Steve Schwartz with First Analysis. Please proceed.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Hello everyone.
Mark Rohr: Hey, good afternoon Steve.
John Steitz: Hi, Steve.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Your caution in polymer additives, is that factoring in the fact that a lot of forecasters are saying wafer starts are going to slowdown in the fourth and first quarter, and with the conclusion of the cash for conquers, I think auto inventories in terms of days have nearly doubled, is that what's behind your caution?
Mark Rohr: Well no it's maybe not that specific. One; Nan Ya PCB Group that's out there, and one of things that they've noted was some concern about some slowing post banks given as they end the year and start the next, and even though it’s been good year-over-year growth, I mean good sequential growth for the last couple of months. And so, I think we're just a bit cautious that like there has been perhaps an overreaction in cutting inventories, there may be an overreaction on the upside as business starts to come down. So it's just caution we're putting out there. We have been told that the market, competence to predict the market about some of the folks like the circuit board group at Nan Ya, we've talked about -- they used to put that in terms of a couple of month kind of window, they pulled it back to a 30 day kind of window. So just general uncertainty about what's going to happen there?
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: And to what extent do you think the cash for conquers helped your connectors business.
Mark Rohr: I don't think it was that material on connectors. I think connectors primarily for us driven by broad electronics uses and some durable goods like refrigerators, washing machines things like that in China.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Okay. And then just in terms of pricing outside a catalyst, because we know all about the metals effect there. In both polymer additives and Fine Chemicals, is it the lack of new pricing that led to the negative numbers or are you actually having to give some price back in certain areas?
John Steitz: Well, tetrabrom and polymers, Steve, tetrabrom is our biggest volume product. So when you look at it, there is a bit of the mix effect on the revenue there, because as year-over-year related to the entire business, tetrabrom is a higher percentage. So there is a bit of a mixed effect and much of our tetrabrom pricing does have BPA tied to it, and year-over-year BPA is down or the trend is certainly up over say the last 30 days with the change in oil pricing and related petrochemical products. So it's kind of a mix bag year-over-year we've seen it go down but we're really concerned going forward on raw materials and energy as Mark mentioned and natural gases is kind of raising it's ugly head now in the fourth quarter as well. And there is a fair amount of ATH, aluminum trihydrate that we buy, that trend has been up, overall [inaudible] so that's creating a bit of pricing issue for us too, but there is a lot of moving parts to that issue, but generally pricing is holding up I'd say specially sequentially very well.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Okay. So in polymer additives it sounds like it was maybe a little more mix than price that fueled the negative number?
John Steitz: Yeah, primarily driven by larger tetrabrom volumes as a percentage of the total.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Okay, helpful. Thank you.
John Steitz: Thank you.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions
Sandra Rodriguez: Great. I would like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If there are any further questions you can contact me at the number indicated on our press release. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Sandra Rodriguez - Director of IR Mark Rohr - Chairman and CEO John Steitz - EVP and COO Rich Diemer - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Laurence Alexander - Jefferies Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Mike Sison - KeyBanc Chris Shaw - UBS P.J. Juvekar - Citi Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2008 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s conference, Ms. Sandra Rodriguez, Director of the Investor Relations. Please proceed ma'am.
Sandra Rodriguez:  Thanks Francine. Good morning everyone and thank you joining us today for a review of Albemarle’s fourth quarter and full year results, which were released after the market closed yesterday. Our press release contains preliminary results for the quarter and this information is subject to further review by the company and our auditors as part of our year-end audit process. Please note that we have posted supplemental sales information, as well as reconciliations for net debt and EBITDA on our website under the investor information section at albemarle.com.  I would also like to caution that the remarks today contain forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause results to differ from expectations are listed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Participating with me on the call this morning, are Mark Rohr, Chairman and CEO; John Steitz, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Rich Diemer, Senior Vice President and CFO. At this time I will turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Rohr: Thanks Sandra and good morning everyone. I would like to start this call by wishing you all the best for 2009. We appreciate the opportunity to share our results and we look forward to answering your questions at the conclusion of our remarks. So let me start by commenting on the strategic events that occurred in the fourth quarter, some of which were reflected in the special items noted in our press release. During the quarter we completed the sale of our Port-de-Bouc France facility to ICIG, the International Chemical Investors Group. The one-time after tax charge of $33.4 million was recorded for net asset value write-offs and other exit related costs. We expect the cash tax benefit over time is more than enough to offset the cash required to close this deal. The asset was a high cost facility that weighed negatively on margins in both Fine Chemicals and Polymer Additives. We are pleased to have completed this divestiture and look forward to the economic benefits in the future. As global consumer related businesses ground to a halt last year, we took steps to advance some of our restructuring plans. We originally presented to you at the corner of our Vision 2010. Responding to the challenges we saw rapidly unfolding in the fourth quarter, we began to streamline our infrastructure and seek improvements in operating efficiency to match or reduce volumes we were experiencing. The cost of this restructuring has been reflected in the one-time pre-tax charge of $22.5 million outlined in the earnings release. Going forward these measures should reap annual benefits in the range of these one-time costs. In addition to these organizational steps, we have implemented other measures that will help us meet our annual cost reduction target of approximately $30 million in 2009. You will also note in the earnings release the recognition of a one-time net tax benefit of $23.1 million that occurred as we settled prior period IRS reviews, allowing us to reverse previously established reserves. Rich will address this in more detail with his comments. Looking back, 2008 was a year of unprecedented economic events that led to the demise of many banks, corporations and individual investor portfolios around the world. We began 2008 with expectations in the solid top line and bottom line growth, and strong belief in our ability to translate this demand into earnings through 2010. Our results were consistent with these views through the first half as we posted double-digit sales and net income gains over the same periods of 2007. As we ended the second quarter sounds of economic stress began to surface. In the third quarter we and many others saw operations negatively impacted by hurricanes Gustav and Ike. These events which directly impacted our moral also prompted the industry to begin to address what was perceived as a modest economic pullback. In September we started seeing additional signs of volume weakness in some sectors as the financial uncertainties elevated. Refineries stayed down for long periods to cope with negative cash margins and had impacted some of our HPC volumes. In many commodity plants on the gulf cost delayed their restarts after hurricanes. Despite these disruptions, we ended the third quarter with relatively solid results. In fact, Fine Chemical and Polymers delivered record net sales in the third quarter. It is with that backdrop we began the fourth quarter. We anticipated fourth quarter weakness where for the most part, we limited the volume declines in Polymers. That was the case through October, when almost overnight the consumer markets on the globe seemed to collapse. Yesterday, in reporting our fourth quarter results, you will see we recorded net sales of $518 million, down 14% year-over-year and 22% sequentially, primarily on volume declines in our Polymer segment. Included in the net charge of $25 million or $0.27 per share for one-time special items that I previously mentioned  Net income for the quarter was $13.1 million or $0.14 per share. Excluding the special items in tax, earnings from operations we earned $0.42 per share for the quarter. Our full year net sales for 2008 of $2.47 billion were up 6% compared to 2007. Net income for the year excluding specials was $221 million, down $12 million or 5% from $233 million in 2007. They may not seem evident, but these results are quite an achievement taking into account the magnitude of the sharp year end decline in consumer end markets, as well as the global inventory liquidation that follow. Let me give you a bit more color on what we are experiencing in each business to help you appreciate what was going on behind the scenes. Through October, Polymer Additives business was down about 15% before essentially disappearing in November and December. Consumer electronics, construction, automotive and durable goods' customers were all impacted. The largest flame retardant in the world saw an unprecedented volume decline of 75% in the first quarter. Circuit board manufacturing essentially ground to a halt. Historically, robust products like our mineral flame retardants recorded operating losses in the fourth quarter as demand for materials used in automotive production fell precipitously. Marginal product lines like phosphorous also fell into the red, all weakness in demand. Following three consecutive quarters of record sales revenue, fourth quarter Polymers revenues saw $149 million, were the lowest in five years. Top manager's situation we idled many of our Polymer Additive assets in December which further impacted our results. Our Fine Chemical segment closed the year with solid top line growth and approved segment profitability compared to 2007. Revenue totaled $61 million in the fourth quarter, up 20% from the prior year, in spite of the negative earnings impact of lower bromine volumes in Polymer Additives. While all end markets are been impacted to varying degrees, the market serve by Fine chemistry portfolio have faired well. We have built a significant portfolio, proprietary technologies, and employees for further expansion as we advance our pipeline and introduce new products that will reserve and grow our revenue strain. John will touch on some of these opportunities that exist and fine chemistries in a moment.  Moving on to Catalysts. As expected, we continue to see some impact on the mid-year 2008 refinery slowdowns in the fourth quarter. However, volumes improved in December, driving sequential volume increases in the refinery catalysts and segment revenue of $207 million. As we began 2009, solid pricing in FCC and polyolefin catalysts, strong volumes in HPC and contributions from alternative fuels bode well from improved segment performance this year. As I try to wrap all this together, you may recall the last time we saw dramatic fall-off in consumer spending was 2001. It took us about three years in those markets to fully recover Polymer Additives volumes to the levels that existed in 2000. However, it is not the same world today that it was in 2001. For example, the degree of inventory de-stocking we saw today did not happen as dramatically in 2001 and that clearly prolonged that recovery. While creating unprecedented short-term difficulty, the steep drop in the inventories we see in 2009 should create a strong demand as consumers return. Today, we also see weakness in raw materials and energy that did not exist in 2001 which should create some margin opportunities as business stabilizes in returns. Global economies who are also struggling have demand growth fall beyond the levels that exist in which part of this decade, and governments around the world are taking steps to jump start the respective economies and I expect these steps will have some favorable impact on demand as we end 2009 and begin 2010. Even with all these positive situations, we are mindful of the unique depth and breadth of this coupled recession. Though largely which we have never seen, many balance sheets are stretched really beyond reason, banks continue to struggle and liquidity just is not peer for many citizens or businesses. Weighing all these factors, it is pretty clear that business will be tough through the first half of this year. Beginning in the third quarter, we expect the combination of stimulus, low levels of inventory and cost reduction efforts should form the foundation for our recovery. Anticipating your questions in this area, we have established an Investor Conference on May 19 in New York. At that time we should have enough of 2009 behind us to have a better sense for the year and be in a position to share expectations for 2010. Albemarle's performance has carried us through some difficult economic cycles in the past, and while we do not underestimate the challenges we face, we are confident that our people, our focus on innovation, our financial strength will position us well to navigate this economic downturn and perform better than most. In 2009, we expect to maintain our financial flexibility, to capitalize our market conditions that others in the industry could not. To that end we are actively seeking new opportunities and acquisitions. At year-end, cash and equivalents totaled $253 million; net debt totaled $650 million and we have no significant debt repayment obligations until 2013. Expect us to use our financial strength for strategic opportunities while also returning cash to our shareholders through dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. With that, I will ask John to provide more details in each segment.
John Steitz: Thanks Mark and good morning everyone. I will begin with our Polymer Additives segment. Following a slower volume year in 2007, this segment showed positive improvements on volume and pricing through the third quarter of '08. While all indicators were pointing to a weaker fourth quarter, the decline was far greater and faster than we ever expected. Net sales for the fourth quarter totaled $149 million, down 36% from the fourth quarter of 2007. We saw significant volume declines across the segment. The total metric ton decline was nearly 35% year-over-year and sequentially, with most of that occurring in the back half of the quarter. Polymer segment income for the quarter was just over $5 million. Margins were diluted by higher unabsorbed fixed cost due to reduced production volumes in both, flame retardants and stabilizers and curatives portfolios. Responding to the rapid demand decline, we idled virtually all Polymer production units in the U.S. and overseas, and do not plan to restart these units until we have firm orders in hand that can be set aside with existing inventory. While fourth quarter volumes were severely depressed, our pricing held up well. This, along with actions we have taken to optimize assets, right-size or operations and reduce costs, will help enhance our ability to improve our bottom line segment results as we move through the year. Moving on to Fine Chemicals. The recession-resistant nature of our Fine Chemicals business supported the delivery of solid results in the fourth quarter. Decreased volume in pricing drove fourth quarter net sales up 23% over the fourth quarter of last year. Segment income for the quarter of $18 million increased slightly over the fourth quarter of 2007, despite lower bromine volumes in our flame retardant products. On a full year basis, Fine Chemicals posted double-digit improvements in sales over the full year 2007, and delivered segment income of just under $89 million. Looking out, our robust Fine chemistry pipeline and bromine portfolio are on track to drive and improve volume and pricing. However, some of this strength will need to offset the negative impact from weak brominated flame retardant sales volumes. Our new product initiatives are doing very well. Among the promising break through products were developing, our pharmaceutical agents to fight bio-warfare pathogens. Seagate Technologies, a company specializing in this new technology recently announced completion of their required registration batches for their lead Smallpox Antiviral. Albemarle produced the registration batches for SIGA, clinical trials are set to begin in this first half of 2009, our South Haven, Michigan cGMP facility, where we have produced more than 20 active pharmaceutical ingredients and other custom ingredients. This could be another great opportunity for our Fine chemistry business. Another exciting opportunity in the pipeline is our recently executed manufacturing agreement with Zymes, an innovative bioscience company whose technology will allow food, beverage and nutritional supplement manufacturers to effectively add water and soluble nutrients to liquid products without the typical cloudy effects. Albemarle will manufacture lead compound for Zymes' proprietary technology. We believe our proven track record of strength in process development and manufacturing under the FDA stringent cGMP standards will help attract more contract manufacturing opportunities with leading pharmaceutical companies. We are also seeing improvements in some of our established Fine Chemical product lines. The clear brine fluids delivered solid results despite weak Gulf of Mexico activity. Our water treatment biocides that help prevent salmonella and poultry and beef applications are gaining traction as state health departments report more and more findings of salmonella strains in food products. Also, Ibuprofen is starting to see good pricing and volumes gains. Our egg business continues to do well and is likely to continue this trend in 2009. Finally, our Sorbent mercury-control business that we acquired in the second half of '08 is doing well and we expect to see a meaningful contribution to our bottom line from this business in 2009 with greater growth prospects further out. Mercury exposures impact on human health is gaining greater attention and we are encouraged by the legislative activity center that are on mercury-control. With that, I will move on the Catalyst. Catalyst net sales for the quarter were $208 million, down 11% compared to the fourth quarter of '07, due primarily to an anticipated volume slowdown. Sudden income for the quarter was $31.4 million with segment margin of 15% wrapping up a successful year in Catalyst. Strong pricing improvements in FCC and polyolefin catalysts help offset year-over-year volume declines in HPC. With excellent customer mix, performance in polyolefin catalysts was strong all year, setting record sales and profits for this division. We saw very little impact in this business from the economic downturn. Looking forward to 2009, we are already seen very strong improvement in HPC volumes in the first quarter and confidentially expect full year growth in revenue and profits to exceed 2008 levels. We expect FCC volumes to be flat in the first half as some North American refineries extend there shutdowns. FCC continues to show good pricing momentum around the globe. Income from our catalyst joint ventures was down year-over-year and sequentially, due primarily to a sharp decline in profitability of our Nippon Ketjen joint venture. Full year joint venture income was in line with full year of 2007. However, we expect some improvement in pricing which should benefit the joint ventures in 2009 going forward. Finally, our alternative fuels division has solid orders booked for 2009 and we expect to see a ramp up of our products used in biodiesel and renewables in 2010. I believe our business model will prove to be one of the most resilient among our peers, our operations are more efficient, our technology is abundant and our people are firmly committed in their daily work to the future growth of our businesses. So now with that, let me pass it on to Rich.
Rich Diemer: Thanks John and good morning everybody. The items I would like to cover on today’s call include income taxes for the quarter, the year and the year ahead, corporate expense, cash flow, and our year-end balance sheet and financial position. Let's start with taxes, where we were able to reach settlement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service for the exams covering the 2000 to 2004 tax years. The settlement resulted in a net refund of approximately $2.3 million, we received $2.5 million in Q4 and we will make a small payment in Q1 of 2009. With those exams behind us, we were able to record a one-time gain of $32.4 million, net of 9.3 million in new tax reserves and a valuation allowance on foreign NOLs that we felt were needed, we recorded a one-time special item for the quarter and the year of 23.1 million or $0.25 per share, largely a non-cash gain. Excluding this one-time net gain and the tax impacts of the Port de Bouc disposition and our restructuring charges at other company locations, the full-year effective tax rate was 12.4%. The Q4 effective tax rate excluding all specials was negative as we adjusted our nine month to date effective tax rate of 18.6% to the full-year rate. Our current planning is for 2009 full-year effective tax rate in the range of 18% to 19%.  Unallocated corporate expenses were 15 million in the quarter and 50 million for the year, flat with the prior year. Our outlook for 2009 is for corporate expenses of approximately $45 to $50 million for the year. Our EBITDA in the quarter excluding special items was $68 million. Full-year EBITDA was $402 million down $33 million or 8% from 2007 levels. We ended the quarter with cash and equivalents of $253 million. CapEx for the quarter was $36 million, resulting in full year CapEx of $100 million, flat with 2007. We have a CapEx budget of a $120 million in 2009, but we will be closely monitoring our willingness to fund that budget in light of the global economic situation and our cash generation as year progresses. Depreciation and amortization was $30 million in the quarter and $112 million for the year. Projected depreciation and amortization in 2009 is in the range of $115 million to $120 million. In Q4, we repurchased 250,000 shares for about $5.5 million at an average price of $21.80. For the year, we repurchase and retired 4.7 million shares, some 5% of our outstanding shares. Between repurchase activity and our dividend, we returned over $210 million to shareholders this year and over $350 million over the last two years. At year end we have consolidated debt of $932 million, including $52 million of debt from JBC, our Jordanian venture. $543 million of our debt is floating rate and $389 million of our debt is fixed rate, a 58-42 split. Our floating debt interest rate is 1.92% at year end. The weighted average interest rate for Q4 was 3.91%. Net of $250 million cash on hand and excluding $29 million of non-guaranteed that consolidated JBC debt, our net debt is $650 million, down $80 million in the quarter, despite our funding a $25 million voluntary contribution to our Defined Benefit Pension Plan Master Trust in December. Our debt to cap is 47%, our net debt to cap is 38%. With no significant schedule debt maturities until 2013, strong cash balances and availability under existing lines of credit of more then $300 million, we feel well positioned to weather the uncertainty ahead in 2009 and plan to be active on the M&A front when opportunities present themselves.  Let me conclude by saying that we have an intense focus on cash and cash generation during Q4, a focus that yielded some progress with a reduction of $137 million in net working capital during the quarter. We have every intention of maintaining this focus in the quarter and year ahead, and with my hope being that this will be the first of many quarters where we can report progress in this area. With that, let me turn it back to Sandra.
Sandra Rodriguez: Thanks Rich. Okay, at this time we will open it up for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Hi, Good morning.
Mark Rohr: Good morning, Jeff.
Rich Diemer: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Your shareholders equity on a sequential basis went from $1.254 billion to $10.65 or down $189 million. Why is that?
Rich Diemer: Jeff, this is Rich. That is principally due to a number of things. Number one would be, the FX impact on the where the translational adjustment goes through equity. It also is involved with the fact that our pension funding is significantly different this year versus last year and that is another component. So, those two things are the principle item that was pushing that down. Obviously, we also paid a dividend in the fourth quarter, and things like that. So, yes, the normal impacts but the one-time unusual items that resulted in that decrease of the items that I mentioned.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan:  So, do your pension costs go up next year and by what amount?
Rich Diemer: Yes. Our pension costs are going to be up probably in the $5 million to $6 million range next year versus what we thought they would be as we were planning the year out, and then part of that is due to the discount rate that we are using at the end of the year and part of that obviously has to do with the change in the investments, one year versus another. We smooth that over a period a time, so you do not get all that impact at one time, but certainly there is an impact that goes through to pension expense. 
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: So you said that it was $5 million to $6 million more than what you had expected.
Rich Diemer: That is correct.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: So what is the net amount that you expected to be up? I do not know what your previous pension expectations were?
Rich Diemer: Well, it is probably about $5 million to $6 million year-over-year going to be in increase.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. AND second, or lastly in Polymer Additives, I think John said that all of your units were currently down. Can you talk about what the accounting impacts in that are, I know, but this morning DuPont was expensing through its income statement more costs because its utilization had fallen to I think below 60%. Are there any of those effects on you and how do you run an operation where all your units are down?
Rich Diemer: Well, I will do the accounting part and then John, can do the operation part. This is Rich. Jeff, we have in each of our businesses, approaches that we do not have the place to capitalize normal recurring ups and downs in how much we have our operations running. BUT in the case like this, we would not capitalize abnormal variances, so to say. So, anything has a result of being shut down in December what has hit our P&L.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay.
John Steitz: John. Let me just comment on the issues. Our goal is to absolutely work on bringing our inventory down to absolutely low as possible. The real key here is keeping in close contact with the customer base to get us a good understanding of where they see things going. Right now, at least in my career, I have never seen a higher degree of uncertainty about where these markets are going. So we do have to deal with that and you are exactly right, it is really very difficult to deal in a market where the uncertainty, not only of our customers, but of our customer's customers so high. The other issue we are dealing with, if you look at that, and I referred to this in script…
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Yes.
John Steitz: …was the brominated flame retardants and its impact on Fine Chemicals. Because as we lower the utilizations of our bromine fields and our bromine production capability, that has an impact on Fine Chemicals as well. In the fourth quarter alone that was roughly between $6 million and $7 million impact on Fine Chemicals. So, we are also dealing with that, but it is a very complex situation.
Mark Rohr: Jeff, just to wrap that up. What I would say is that, one of the things we are trying to manage this uncertainty on the part of our customers. We just really reacted very quickly and everyone started to take vacations, we cut all over time, we [fro lowed] some people in some situations, we cut contractors. We are doing all those things, and where we sit today is we are trying to assess a background here on what is going to happen next. John may talk to this in more detail in a minute, but we are seeing things like customers come in with orders for delivering at four weeks. A week or two later come back and cancel those orders. A week later ask for an emergency shipment for some portion of it. So there is just a lot of uncertainty out there now. What we are doing is, we are cutting our cost where we can, and in some cases even shuttering units that do not make sense, and holding on here just a little bit to see what happens.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Lastly, will you lose money in Polymer Additives in the first quarter?
John Steitz:  No, we hope to a build on where we are in the fourth quarter and sequentially improve that business through the first half and we will see where the market take us from there. The answer to that question is no.
Operator: Our next question comes from line Laurence Alexander of Jefferies. Please proceed.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies: Good morning.
Mark Rohr:  Good morning, Laurence.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies: First of all just a follow-up on the capacity utilization question, how much of that hit was the work down of inventories in the Polymer Additives segments in Q4?
Rich Diemer:  I do not know. I mean that that is going to be in the base of about that we really, we have a setback and work through that but it was pretty material because we quit running the plants.
John Steitz:  Yes, I think if you look at the business sequentially, you know it is down roughly $20 million and it could be half in half, half driven by the drop in demand and other half just dropping the production.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies: AND you secondly in the Catalysts segment can you walk us through with a little more detail the volume trends and placing trends in a FCC and HPC catalyst and then also what you are seeing in terms of order flow for the alternative fuels business.
John Steitz: Yes. Let me first start with HPC. The HPC volumes were finished in the fourth quarter more or less as we expected. It was down sequentially low double-digits, but we saw it at the gate, very strong here. As a matter of fact, I think will end up spying more in month of January then we did in entire fourth quarter. Laurence so good trends there. I think we have got all of both our plans running very hard in Houston. We have got our plant in Amsterdam running very hard and I think supply and demand is going to be very tight in '09 and I think that helps pricing in general. In FCC, it was a very good traction on the pricing front. I know you are asking the question Laurence as a modeling question and I think going forward we are going to see pricing in FCC close to the 4000 a ton and 3000 a ton, so good traction there. There is some volume slowdown in the first quarter, but that is typically seasonal as these refineries generally are preparing for the driving season, there is a lot of turnaround because of refinery margins there has been a general slowdown too, but good price in traction. AND other pricing related issues in flame retardants, so I can talk about separately. BUT the AFT business, I think this year we have got some orders booked that are equivalent to '09 level but there is pretty significant ramp-up in 2010. Amazing to see if we ship any of those orders at the end of '09, but we will see.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies:  Lastly because you raised the terms, what are you seeing on terms tetrabrom pricing?
John Steitz:  Well, probably let me talk about flame retardants Laurence if I can, expand your question a bit. Mark mentioned we lost money in mineral flame retardants. There continues to be a lot of raw material pressure there. I mean it is contrary to what you would see but 88 share of pricing in the raw material side has hung up there quite well. It has been an issue that we have had a deal with for 18 months now. We have seen some good pricing traction and actually in the double-digit range. So if we can get some volume return in the mineral flame retardant business, we are somewhat hopeful there. On brominated flame retardant the situation is different. The demand has been so weak that there have been very cheep customers in the market. So, it is created a lot of discussion on pricing front, as a result of that our pricing for the base business continues to hold on quite well.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies:  Thank you.
John Steitz:  Thank you, Laurence.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Steve Schwartz of First Analysis. Please proceed.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis:  Good morning.
Mark Rohr:  Good morning Steve.
Rich Diemer:  Good morning Steve.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Can you tell me why SG&A was so high in the fourth quarter, its looks on that relative to sales and then in absolute dollar terms it was significantly higher than I thought it would be?
Rich Diemer:  Steve this is Rich. Obviously the sales declined a lot more than we thought they did, so it tried to adjust that one on a dime. So that in terms of the things I would spike out in terms of SG&A in the fourth quarter, first thing I would mention as we boosted our allowance for doubtful accounts for bad debts, we are fully accrued for any of the customers that may have issues on this. One prominent one that is impacting the chemical industry in terms of an announced bankruptcy, portfolio accrued for that in terms of our exposure. We did have some expenses in connection with our IRS settlement. We had some normal corporate type cost there also and then ultimately we through up our budget accrual in the fourth quarter also, so that had a little bit of an impact also.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis:  Okay. So it should settle back down going forward?
Rich Diemer:  Yes, especially given some of the benefits we will get from the headcount reduction.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis:  Okay. AND should we still assume that Bayport would be full utilized by year-end?
John Steitz:  Yes, we have Steve on the HPC side on the FCC side remains to be seen. Our projection now is that volumes would be flat for the year.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Okay and then one last one, you were expecting a start up in an accident facility in Shanghai sometime this summer. Is the plan still in place for that and what do you think that would do to your volumes in that business?
John Steitz: There are a few issues and market demand Steve and that has dried up just like the downs of our business. So we have got our plans in China idled right now. I know we made the comment in the script that virtually all of our polymer additives units are down and those units are down as well. So the expansion has been basically put on hold right now.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis: Okay. That what I though. Thank you
John Steitz: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc: Hi good morning.
Mark Rohr:  Good morning, Mike.
John Steitz: Mike. Good morning.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc: Hey John did you comment that HPC volumes would be flat in '09 versus '08.
John Steitz: No.
John Steitz: That was FCC, Mike.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc: FCC. Okay.
John Steitz: The one time when I did say relate HPC was we are seeing a January that is more than the entire fourth quarter.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc: Okay. So HPC volumes based on your order pattern look pretty good, just show a pretty good growth in '09 versus '08 as expected. Does the first quarter really kick in gear then?
John Steitz: Yes. Mike we have been talking about this for quite some time. So its time for us to step up and deliver and we have got high expectations for this business. We need to execute.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc: Right then, I think you said you would definitely see some growth in Catalyst in December you suggested something like double-digit growth and possibility year-over-year, is that still in the same card, is it little bit better, little bit weaker?
John Steitz: Yes, we still see. Mike, our view currently is 18 plus percent segment income margins and over a billion dollar plus business.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc: For 2008 to 2009.
John Steitz: That is correct.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc: Okay, great. Then in terms of just curious in terms of raw material what was the final impact on you in 2008 and as that number falls assuming that petrochemicals fall and some are metal prices fall, how much of that, do you think is you can capture into ’09?
John Steitz: Yes, Mike it ended up in 2008 versus 2007 being a raw materials and energy in the range of $170 million. It is really a mixed bag, it is a very complex question which you just asked, I mean so if you could bear with me just for a moment. We have got a lot of big mix of issues. We still see certain products like caustic, very strong on the pricing front from raw material perspective. ATH has been strong; we are still working to recover of the last two years of raw material inflation on that side. We have electricity and gas cost in Europe which are still very high, and we have got to deal with such an issue. In the back half of the fourth quarter we saw molybdenum and cobalt go down, but we were not in the market. So now we have got, to me it really becomes pricing issues going forward and how we deal with this high cost of inventory from a carry over of '08 and we are working hard on that around the globe, and I talked earlier about the pricing trends in various markets. But, right now there is so much uncertainty, Mike I really cautioned to give you a number because just the volatility has been so incredible, but I know it certainly is not going up. The trend is to go down. So we will try to keep you all informed to that as the year unfolds.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay. Last question, Mark, assuming for what it is worth there is not a better improvement in the economy in the second half of '09 which could happen I suppose. How does Polymer Add to end up, the volumes start to stay as weak as they are and you attract fourth quarter possibility, a little bit better on a quarterly basis as we attract to the full year?
Mark Rohr:  Well, you can outline a worst case scenario. I think what we have directionally been doing is looking at other cost reduction efforts that could offset some of the fall-off we have seen. Those would not all be in Polymer Additives, those were corporate ways. So, I do not know quite I would answer that yet today, but I would say that as John said, we think we can add incrementally to our profit sum in the first quarter. We have plans in place to add incrementally to that at the second quarter, into our third and into our fourth. So, I think even in a pretty weak scenario we should be able to grow our profits from where it ended in the fourth quarter. Clearly we need business to come back to really get to those more respectable levels.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Chris Shaw of UBS. Please proceed.
Chris Shaw - UBS:  Hi. Good morning everyone.
Mark Rohr: Hi Chris.
Rich Diemer: Hi Chris. Good morning.
Chris Shaw - UBS: One of the questions I had was around the Fine Chemicals and the bromine that you sell or produce for the Polymer Additives. If all the Polymer Additives plants are down, does that means that you are not recording any revenues for bromine in the Fine Chemicals segment?
Mark Rohr: No. We said essentially. I mean, there is business. We are still on things, we are running some plants. On a relative basis, we used run these businesses way north of 80% capacity utilization. We have pretty low capacity utilization now. So maybe 50%. I do not know. I am making that up, but something like that.
Chris Shaw - UBS:  How much is the element of bromine sales make up the Fine Chemicals? Is it like 20%?
Rich Diemer:  No, it is less than 10%.
Chris Shaw - UBS:  Okay.
Rich Diemer:  That is a great thing about our Fine Chemicals business. It is so diversified. There is not one particular product line that is more than 10% of our profit in Fine Chemicals.
Chris Shaw - UBS:  Sure. On some of the new orders for renewable energy catalysts for this year, and you know that risk, are they firm orders or can they be canceled?
John Steitz:  You know I see that there is pressure of course on energy across the board, but especially with the new administration, the potential incentives on renewables, and we see these orders very firm, and maybe some upside in 2010 and beyond. They are firm orders. We are working hard to fill them in the second quarter and beyond, and 2010 really looks great.
Chris Shaw - UBS:  I think you mentioned on the call that equity income was down, but it looked like minority interest was up really sequentially?
Rich Diemer:  Yes, that is JBC. So, when we ran JBC, remember that have alternatives of where we can source the bromine and JBC from the bottom line impact does is the best place. To extend we can use that arbitrage, we kept JBC running during the quarter.
Chris Shaw - UBS:  Okay. That makes sense. Then just finally, when you mentioned that $170 million raw rise in energy, increase for 2008 or 2007. Is that inclusive of things, the raw materials that would just be pass-throughs? 
Rich Diemer:  Yes, that is the gross number if you will.
Chris Shaw - UBS:  Is there a net number?
Rich Diemer:  Well, I mean you see it in margins. I mean, Chris, your question really evolves around margins. We never for example in Polymers, we never got the pass through on mineral on ATH.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay.
Rich Diemer: We are working on getting that today. Metals has been a pass through issue, and that is one we are still dealing with. So, the energy tends not to be, but the U.S. energy costs going down are being offset by the price inflation in Europe on gas and electricity. So, it is a mix bag there for us.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Rich Diemer: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar of Citi. Please proceed.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Mark Rohr: Good morning P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: John, you mentioned that you have shut down most of your Polymer Additive plants, how much inventory do you have in brominated flame retardants that you can keep selling and when do these plans come online. Secondly, do you believe your competitors also shut down plants?
John Steitz: P.J., the inventory level, we worked very hard and focused on cash generation in the fourth quarter. We worked hard to bring those units down as rapidly as we could, but I will say, the sales progression from October, November and December, just continued to get worse as the quarter developed. So, the best way to reduce inventory is by selling product and sales just were not there, but I think we did do a good job overall in managing inventory for the company. We are still sitting on 80 days of inventory probably in Polymers. So that is why I think we have to keep in close contact with the customer base as to when things do turn around. The Chinese New Year is now behind us and we are anxious to get feedback from customers on what their plans are for gearing up production. If any of all, but we will try to keep in close contact there.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: So, your plans could be pretty much down for the entire first quarter if demand does not improve because of 80 days of inventory?
John Steitz: Yes, that is right.
Mark Rohr: That is right. P.J., you should be mindful that in many of these products we produced in more than one location, so we will have one plant down and the other plant still operational. So that is in some cases, John mentioned in China, we have got our facilities down in China. We do not see those restarting until the second quarter based on what we see currently today, and as John said, we have got inventory that we will work through and we will make sure that we need to bring them back before we do. I think that the first quarter we are going to be largely selling out inventory until we see what happens.
John Steitz: Yes. AND related to your question on competition, yes, I think our peers and customers are all faced with the same mission, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: Okay. On the Catalyst side, a couple of years ago, you had expected a big chunk of replacement demand in '08 and '09, but then you had the refinery cuts in runs, so how do you see those two issues, the replacement demand versus refinery cuts in refinery runs.
John Steitz: Yes. I think we have worked through those issues, P.J., and the first quarter I believe will ring through to that, and we will build the base for a good year in HPC. What remains to be seen is how the economy goes forward and how that relates to fuel consumption. That tends to be the big driver on FCC. So, we will just patiently wait on that. On the positive side again, good price traction and that continues. So, as the petrochemical universe gears up, if we see our propylene market improve for example. I think that, that will bode well for our mix of products supplied in that market.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi:  Okay. A quick for Mark. Mark, you are quite knowledgeable about the Chinese market. The fact that you are to shut down all your plants in China, is China much worse than what people are expecting?
Mark Rohr: Well, I think what we are seeing in China is a lot of export market around consumer related products is dried up. That is no different than, it is also the case in Japan, it is also the case in Taiwan. Non-year for most of plastics for instance, which makes the lion share of circuit boards for the world is essentially shutdown. It goes beyond China, just simply to say that consumer related electronic components which is the majority of these businesses from cell phones to TV's. That export market is really big. There are rumblings out there, the post Chinese New Year, volumes are going to start to come to back up, and we are playing that, we are just taking that with a grain of salt and saying, we are going to wait and see that it actually has come before its comes on.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs:  Thank you. Good morning.
Mark Rohr:  Good morning, Bob.
John Steitz:  Good morning, Bob.
Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs: Mark, it strikes me a lot of what you said today, it echoes the misery and pain we have heard from other companies. What caught my attention was a more aggressive stance on using your balance sheet or financial flexibility for both acquisitions and share repurchase when many of your peers seem much more paralyzed at the moment. Can you talk a little bit about how aggressive you might be on either accounts, and then specifically on the acquisition side, are there actually businesses out there that have been upward slope to their business fundamentals or is it the function of some opportunistic purchases of stuff that is cyclically down. Thanks.
Mark Rohr:  Thanks Bob. I will make a couple of comments for those of you that have followed us, you may have a sense of the strong earnings capabilities this corporation and that is held true in good times and bad. So, we are expecting even in these tough times pretty good pre-cash flow generation. John mentioned the Herculean effort that is underway to pull cash out of our system and build our cash reserves and we had $250 million of cash. We ended the year little debt, no maturity in the future and I will be disappointed if we do not add $150 to $200 million as we progress through this year as well. So we have a lot of cash in hand to look opportunistically with acquisitions. At the same time we have raised our borrowing, we are willing to buy. In other words we are only looking at good opportunities that fit in from a niche point of view in our business portfolio. The actual Catalyst business was a great example of that. So we are working with people that have other small pieces of business that do not necessarily fit that are good business into our portfolio that we can pay cash for and close the deal in a short period of time. That is our primary focus. At the same time my belief system, where we feel pretty good. I think others have yet to really start suffering like they are going through as they go through this year. If you are going to have to sell assets and there is going to be distressed sales, and add up for us another opportunity for us. So, we are trying to mindful of that and we are starting to work with some people that have those opportunities or maybe present those opportunities to us.  The last thing I will say about stock is that the market is under valued and our corporation is right near with everybody from that point of view and we will be looking to continue to do what we have been doing which is optimistically about stock back. We are also going to take care of our dividends. So you will see us continue to return large amounts of cash to shareholders through this year and then the next.
Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs:  Then if I might a follow-up, I know when Honeywell pre-announced last year they toughened their UOP business about deferrals of reloads on catalyst. I am trying to wondering if you would one more time go through what you would expect to have in sequentially and why you have the confidence that the deferrals that we have been waiting to end are finally going to end.
John Steitz: Well Bob, it is a tough question. Firstly, let me just comment on our UOP venture that it continues to do extremely well and we are very pleased with that. We are continuing to add technical resources and fire power to that venture and we are very happy with the prospects going forward and the volume in particularly in HPC, their deck-and-dry force in 2010 and beyond. We have conducted a number of studies done in what the impact of the economy is having on some of these mega operations going forward and it really almost what we are finding is it, depends on who you ask and how you ask it. I mean roughly I think maybe half of the some of the new refineries out there could be delayed. Now there is, also the economic issue that the cost building these is going down. So that could help improve some of the economics. So, it is very mixed bag. We are continuing to study but our current view is that some of these will be delayed in 2012 and beyond. It is not a train wreck by any stretch of imagination.
Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs:  Got it. Thank you.
Mark Rohr: Thanks Bob.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn of Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Good morning.
Mark Rohr: Good morning Dmitry.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: A lot of my questions have been answered, but I just want to go back and maybe touch up some of the answers. Can you give us, with the French plant closed can you remind us what the impact will be on the top line as well as what we could expect on margins of the Fine Chemical business.
John Steitz: Fine Chemical business Dmitry, we really and we are hoping for may be just north of a 100 basis points improvement through the course of this year on margins and we think minimal top line impact.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. So the French plant really will not have a much of an impact and versus your, or versus the base line you have a about a 100 basis point improvements from those sales being out of your mix?
John Steitz: Yes, and that will help us because we do have this bromine issue that we are dealing with in Fine Chemicals.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay.
John Steitz: Okay, at the under absorption of Fine Chemicals that hit from lack of bromine flame retardants sales, so we are dealing with that as well.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Right. Okay, on the Polymer Additives segment you talked about, if some details about the mineral and phosphorous flame retardants being impacted as well as the obviously be the tremendous impact you are seeing in bromine added flame retardants, can you talk about the minority of your business that is the antioxidant and you re-part of the business so stabilizers which you saw that in the fourth quarter versus the other segments. Going forward which markets are responsible for it?
John Steitz: Yes, you bet. The overall stabilizers and Curatives business we have seen similar down turns in antioxidants. I will say on a positive front as the lube and fuel business continues to hold up quite well and that is encouraging, the Curatives business continues to hold up quiet well, so some of these specialty applications are doing well. Generally we found what I would call commercial construction is holding up quiet well. So some of those base products that go into commercial construction are doing fine. The other weakness, home-building of course and electronics and automotive, that those are probably the three end markets that are hurting us most.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. Now you did say that because of the lack of demand and really lack of any sales in the second part of the quarter, prices held stage because there was not anybody coming in asking for volume at a lower price. As volume comes back in the first quarter in the first half of the year, do you expect pricing to be an issue here especially if raw material prices start coming down more noticeably?
John Steitz: Well, I do not believe so. On the mineral front, we are gaining some traction there as I mentioned and I hope that continues, because we have to offset a couple of years of inflation in that area.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay.
John Steitz: Brominated is not, I think there has been a lot of discipline and still to over the last decade. I would hope that, that would continue.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. On the Catalyst business you sounded fairly confident in the recovery on HPC volumes, beginning even as we speak, and I understand your reason behind that confidence. What is your outlook for the polymerization catalyst. We are hearing a lot of softness in the polyethylene, polypropylene markets right now. How is that impacting your polyolefin catalyst business?
John Steitz: Our polyolefin catalyst business continues to be quite resilient, Dmitry. So we are pleased with that. Our Organometallic Piece and our New Catalyst businesses are holding up quite well. So we believe that, that will continue.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: What is the drama behind that, John? I mean, is it market share gain, is it that you predict the products you are selling, trying to go into applications that are continuing to grow?
John Steitz: Well, they are, yes. I mean, everything has not come to a screeching halt, right. I think some of our new cats are quite unique, highly value added products. In our organometallics, I think there is. If you are just going to run a plant, aside from the utilization factor, you still require a certain minimum amount of organometallics to run that polymerization unit. I think we are getting some help on that side.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: So, as long as the there is not a widespread plant shut down, as long as it is just a cut back in capacity utilizations and productions that should not be very impactful to your volumes?
John Steitz: We believe that to be the case Dmitry.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. On the Polymer Additives, I think, John, you said in your answer to your previous question that you thought the fourth quarter drop in operating profit in terms of dollars was about 50-50 between inventory correction and just volume declines?
John Steitz: Yes.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Is that correct?
John Steitz: Yes, that is a directional yes, is the way I put it.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Right, I understand that. There was also probably some part in there from high raw material costs which were still a factor in the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis?
John Steitz: That is correct.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research:  As inventory correction is working its way through, and hopefully we will see some lesser amount of that in the first quarter in raw materials, perhaps directionally, at least it starts heading down. I am not sure where they are going to end up on a year-over-year basis, but sequentially as we say it should be down. How do you see the profit recovery in the Polymer Additives business assuming another double-digit decline in volumes? Are we talking about getting back to high single-digits or maybe even low double-digit margin or do you still expect kind mid single-digit margins?
John Steitz:  No, Dmitry, I think our view of success would be of we can see sequential profit improvement through the first three quarters, driven by things that we can control in terms of cost. 
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research:  Okay. About when you picked off the dollar profit or margin profit?
John Steitz:  Dollar profit.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research:  Dollar profit. Okay. Final question, on the ATH contract, that is seems to be holding back the profitability of the Catalyst business. Can you remind us when that expires and what the benefit will be of renegotiating a lower price?
John Steitz: I am sorry, repeat that question, Dmitry. I did not quite.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: The ATH contract that is been blamed for impacting the profitability of the Catalyst business, when does that expire?
John Steitz: Well, there are some ATH and rare earths and things like that go into FCC.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Right.
John Steitz: Those contracts are negotiated routinely. Those raw materials have continued to stay relatively high.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. We are not seeing any relief on that front yet?
John Steitz: No, we are not.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark Rohr: Thanks Dmitry.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Q&A portion of the presentation. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Sandra Rodriguez.
Sandra Rodriguez: Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If there are any further questions, you can contact me at the number indicated on our press release. Have a great day everyone.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sandra Rodriguez - Director of IR Mark C. Rohr - President and CEO John M. Steitz - EVP and COO Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank North America Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp. Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald Chris Shaw - UBS (US) Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter 2008 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Amity and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all attendees are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Ms. Sandra Rodriguez. Please proceed.
Sandra Rodriguez - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Amity. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for a review of Albemarle's second quarter results, which were released before the market opened today. Our press release contains preliminary results for the quarter, and this information is subject to further review by the company and our auditors, as part of our quarter-end review process. Please note that we have posted supplemental sales information as well as reconciliations for net debt and EBITDA on our website under the Investor Information section at www.albemarle.com. I'd also like to caution that the remarks today contain forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause results to differ from expectations are listed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Participating with me on the call this morning are Mark Rohr, President and CEO; John Steitz, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Rich Diemer, Senior Vice President and CFO. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Sandra, and good morning to everyone. We are pleased to have the opportunity to share our second quarter results today. And we all look forward to answering your questions after a few remarks. Before commenting on Albemarle's second quarter consolidated results, I would like to update you on some of our strategic initiatives. You may have seen our recent press release, announcing the June 30th completion of the acquisition of the remaining 25% of our Jinhai Albemarle joint ventures. We are excited at both of these Chinese facilities as 100% holding on subsidiaries of Albemarle. The acquisition of the leading antioxidant supplier in China, strengthens our foot ground in one of the world's fastest growing markets. Currently operating at nearly 100% capacity the Shanghai plant expansion which will double antioxidants capacity is expected to be completed in the summer of 2009. Another strategic opportunity is a joint venture in China between Albemarle and Sinobrom. Pending file approval by the Chinese authorities, we expect to complete the transaction with 75% ownership, in the third quarter of this year. Sinobrom's solid position in the bromine derivatives industry in China, coupled with Albemarle's innovative leadership in a global bromine industry offers unique value to the Chinese bromine market, which will create a strong growth platform for us in this critical region. In June, we also announced a merger between Albemarle and Sorbent Technologies. Pending Sorbent's shareholder approval, expected later this month we plan to close on the purchase by the end of this month. Driven by the federal and state regulations to control mercury levels, submitted into the atmosphere, Sorbent's full-service mercury control solution is gaining traction with U.S. power plants, needing to comply with these regulations. Albemarle's cost position in bromine, creates an excellent synergy with Sorbent's technology, and what we expect to be the leading mercury removal solution on the market. We look forward to the addition of another great technology platform in Albemarle's bromine portfolio. Our laws with UOP, a division at Honeywell continues to be successful. We delivered on a number of growth opportunities through this venture as we have been awarded a high percentage of new HPC units around the world, particularly in the fast growing Middle East and India markets. Recently, UOP announced PetroChina, the selection of UOP to supply technology, engineering and equipment to one of their new complexes in Chengdu. Albemarle will supply the HPC catalyst's new UOP designed unit for PetroChina. This is only one of the number of our HPC supply agreements with UOP. They will ramp up substantially as new refineries around the world are brought on stream. While talking about strategic alliances, I mentioned a couple of other exciting opportunities that faces now. First, in the pharmaceuticals business we recently signed an agreement with India based Dr. Reddy's Laboratory, whereby Albemarle will supply bulk ibuprofen to Dr. Reddy's for use in a generic ibuprofen tablets. And Dr. Reddy's will also market, sale and distribute Albemarle's ibuprofen to its global customer base, predominantly, in India, Europe, Russia and the U.S. This agreement demonstrates a growing appreciation for the value of the high quality pharmaceuticals, particularly in Russia and India. We expect ibuprofen volumes to pickup through 2009 and 2010 as this venture gets underway. Another important opportunity before us lies in alternative fuels technology division. Worked with Neste Oil for the past several years to develop the catalysts in process for their next BTL renewable diesel has just resulted in much multiyear order from Neste to provide our innovative catalyst for Neste's new renewable diesel process. We are extremely pleased to be an integral part of this alternative fuel technology and with the key role our catalysts development and lab to market [ph] capital display in this new business segment. We expect alternative fuel sales to grow dramatically as we enter the next decade. Now let me shift gears and comment on what has been the single greatest challenge for Albemarle and for the industry as a whole, that is sharply rising raw material, energy and transportation cost. Our full year view on raw material and energy cost is now $220 million above 2007 cost. With a majority of this cost weighted towards the second half of the year. Surging oil and natural gas prices continue to drive substantially higher prices on petroleum derivatives used in many of our products, and that's just part of the overall impact as these costs ripple through transportation and services. As we look at the specifics, we've done a good job in Fine Chemicals through this quarter covering inflation. Polymer Additives is in most challenged business area with their exposure to petroleum derivatives and aluminum. Aside from metals we're seeing the largest single raw material cost increase in ATH, currently a $26 million year-over-year. John will share more details with you but his passing through ATH cost represents a largest raw material challenge for Polymer Additives. Beyond ATH a few other price hikes are certainly outpacing our ability to recover in this segment. The catalyst as you know, while metals cost that continue to rise, we contractually pass through the metals inflation in HPC and FCC pricing. In FCC, in poly oil catalyst we clearly are covering the inflation curve. Throughout the second quarter, our pricing actions with more frequents, and in some cases more drastic than seen in the past, a common theme spanning the chemical space. And we remain focused on standing ahead of the curve through effective pricing actions, productivity gains and production overdrive [ph]. In a bit John will further comment on the impact of inflation on our businesses and how his team has and will continue to combat these headwinds. Now moving to the company results. I'm pleased to announce second quarter net sales of $621 million and $62 million of net income for the quarter or $0.67 per share, that's a 14% improvement from the $0.55 per share in the second quarter of 2007. Attaining these good results was certainly no small task, disciplined execution at every level of organization is critical to improve operating profitability in such a tough economic climate. And I salute our team for stepping to this challenge to deliver these great results. On strong pricing mix, a mix our catalyst segment closed the quarter with outstanding segment income margins to 21%, that's a 500 basis point improvement over the same period last year. Driven by improved demand of Albemarle flame retardants, polymer additives reported record quarterly sales revenue of $261 million that's a 16% improvement over 2007, topping first quarter's record sales by 6.5%. As noted raw material pass through impacted segment income margins. Fine Chemicals delivered very solid results again this quarter. Record quarterly industrial sales of bromides contributed to Fine Chemicals segment margins of 16% for the quarter. Looking forward we anticipate even higher levels of raw material and energy inflation hit us in the second half. Nonetheless I'm confident in our business portfolio and the strength of our business teams. Most of the markets we serve are robust and we expect our strategic positions in these markets to increase our revenue and earnings growth through the second half of the year. As we head into the third quarter, we expect sequential top-line growth in all three segments, we will aggressively work our value equation to yield improved profitability, as we cover additional inflation. Year-over-year we remain on track to have strong performance growth and I remain confident we can do so. One final comment before I close, I'd like to recognize our Bayport manufacturing site for receiving a distinguished service award naming them best in Texas for safety during 2007. It is a great honor to be recognized by the chemical manufacturing industry as a leader in demonstrating commitment to safe operations and exemplary safety. Congratulations to our Bayport team. So now let me turn over to John Steitz who is going to comment on our operating results.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Mark. Good morning everyone. As I walk through the operating results today, I would like to point out that comparisons exclude the impact of the special item from the second quarter of '07. But together our business has delivered roughly 10% top-line revenue growth year-over-year on relatively flat volumes and improved pricing across most of our businesses. Furthermore we are able to hold operating profits steady, while dealing with more than $45 million in our input cost over the same period of last year. With that backdrop let's move on to the individual segment results. Starting with Polymer Additives. We are extremely pleased with Polymer Additives record quarterly sales revenues of $261 million. Overall we saw double-digit year-over-year revenue growth in our flame retardants portfolio and in stabilizers and curatives, which includes revenues from our Jinhai joint ventures. Volumes were up year-over-year and sequentially in brominated flame retardants and strong electronics demand. We believe without any growth in overall supply chain inventory. This is offset by decreased volumes in mineral flame retardants on weak auto sector volume. Polymer Additives segment income declined 25% year-over-year. The profit decline in Polymer Additives resulted from raw material and energy cost inflation. And our inability to cover significant amount of the cost of ATH, aluminum trihydrate used in our mineral flame retardant division, where competitive pricing environment in Europe has been extremely difficult and intense. In addition, earnings were negatively impacted by inventory reductions we took in the quarter. Our highly oil dependant stabilizers and curatives business was also challenged for staying ahead of the raw material and energy environment. All this lead to a tough quarter on segment margins that were diluted by inflating revenues and relentless input costs that have been difficult to recover. Going forward, we expect volumes and pricing in brominated flame retardants to remain strong, helping to offset cost increases across the segment. One final comment on polymers. Polymer margins were negatively impacted primarily by a lack of improved pricing to cover the impact of $5 million in ATH inflation. Additionally, almost $3 million of delayed pass through and stabilizers and curatives occurred in second quarter. Not for these two significant impacts, margins in polymers would be in a range of 15%. Moving to catalyst, where we reported net sales of $208 million. And increased segment income of roughly 33% over the same period of last year to $43 million. Outstanding results on what we expected would be a modest volume quarter. Within our Polymer catalyst division we had strong pricing and revenues in our organometallics. As expected, our refinery catalysts volumes were down. However, HPC had excellent product mix in the quarter, as value for these higher margin activity catalyst is realized. Our HPC joint ventures had a very good quarter as well. On lower volumes, our FCC portfolio also saw strong mix in higher margin products. As we look forward, we're encouraged by the increased signs of market tightness and comparative pricing we're seeing in FCC, which should continue to bolster our catalyst value equation. We've just introduced a very exciting technology breakthrough in hydroprocessing catalyst. Our new KF-770 hydrodesulfurization catalyst [ph] built on our patented STARS technology. KF-770 can help improve the performance of a hydrodesulfurization process by up to 35%. Over the most active hydroprocessing catalyst on the market today. Enabling ultra low sulfur diesel refiners to substantially improve their operations at a time when diesel fuels are in increasing demand. Turning now to Fine Chemicals. Net sales for the quarter were $152 million, 15% higher than the second quarter of '07 on a sales basis. Fine Chemicals segment income was a robust $24 million. This segment offset continuing pressure from escalating raw material, energy, and transportation costs. While keeping a finger on the pulse, we've been able to stay ahead of the inflation curve here. Within Performance Chemicals strong clear brine fluids demand in Europe and the Middle East contributed to record quarterly sales in our industrial bromides division this quarter. Mark commented earlier on some very exciting strategic opportunities ahead of us in Fine Chemicals. We look forward to building upon our solid bromine foundation, with the additions of the Sinobrom joint venture and the Sorbent acquisition. Our Fine Chemistry services and intermediates portfolio had a great quarter despite normal second quarter seasonal downturns in our ag intermediates volumes. Our ibuprofen business saw a significant volume increases this quarter, compared to the second quarter of '07 and we anticipate strong double-digit growth for the year. However, we must work hard on the value equation to gain traction over raw material inflation. Strategic alliances with Dr. Reddy's and other international pharmaceutical producers, further solidifies Albermarle's position as the world's leading high quality ibuprofen producer. Lastly, just to wrap up on our operational performance this quarter, we delivered solid second quarter results in the face of spiraling inflation and a very cautious economic environment. Energy costs are impacting our entire supply chain from raw material purchases to manufacturing costs, to distribution and freight. A key factor behind our resilient earnings has been improved pricing efforts and continued cost management discipline. We are planning on a tough environment again in the third quarter, and we think we can execute in that construct. We have a set of really great businesses with some of our business models that are well positioned and well focused on the future. With that, I'd like to turn over to Rich.
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks John, and good morning to all. The items I will address on the call today are corporate expenses, income taxes, cash flow and our June 30th balance sheet and financial position. Unallocated corporate expense was $12.9 million in the second quarter, up $2.1 million from last year, but comparable with our Q1 2008 expense level. SG&A expense was up 14% year-over-year at 10.9% of revenues in the quarter. And for the year-to-date are at 10.2% of revenues versus 10.6% last year. R&D expense in the quarter is up 18% over prior year levels. So, we continue to fund future growth opportunities. Taxes; our effective tax rate for the quarter was 18%. Our current view of our full year effective tax rate is 20%. This is the same as the effective tax rate that we recorded for last year, and is lower than the rate we envisioned at the beginning of this year and after Q1. It is based on our current forecast of the level and mix of income in 2008, and the benefits from tax planning activities we have undertaken. Our EBITDA this quarter is $110.5 million comparable to last year. We ended the quarter with cash and equivalents of $168 million. CapEx for the quarter was $20 million and we are retaining our full year CapEx estimate in the $90 million to $100 million range. Deprecation and amortization was $27.5 million. We did not buyback any additional shares in Q2 after executing the buyback of $4.1 million shares in Q1. At quarter end, we have consolidated debt of $891 million, including $57 million of debt from JBC, our Jordanian bromine venture. $390 million of our debt is fixed rate and $501 million is floating rate, up 44% to 56% split. Our floating debt interest rate is 3.14% at quarter-end. The weighted average interest rate for Q2 was 4.12%. Net of $168 million cash on hand and excluding $32 million of non-guaranteed JBC debt, our net debt is $691 million, up $141 million from year-end and down $11 million from Q1 levels. Our debt cap ratio is 39.6% and our net debt cap is 34.6%. Given our business outlook and expected cash flow for the reminder of the year, we are comfortable with our current leverage employee. And, with that I will pass it back to Sandra.
Sandra Rodriguez - Director of Investor Relations: Thanks Rich. We'd like to open it up for your questions now. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Albero [ph]. Please proceed.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Yes, hi. Good morning.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, P.J.
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, P.J.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Though,in Polymer Additives, most of your sales increase came from volumes with very little pricing. And you had announced several price increases throughout the first half. So my question is how much of this price increases that you have announced are actually sticking?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, P.J. This is John. When you look at the numbers, it's a big impact in Polymer Additives, because with the volume decline in mineral, we have actually had a pretty solid mix effect from the brominated flame retardant business. So overall, our negotiated returns on our announced price increases have been quite successful, but there is a big mix effect in polymer additives. So with that said, most of our work now is regaining. Mineral flame retardant, margin losses and the phosphorus flame retardant margin losses because of the dramatic influence in the future on phosphorus going forward.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup: So John, with 16% increases in sales, how much of that was pricing versus volume? Can you just break that down for us?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I'd say roughly about a third of it is pure pricing. The balance would be, maybe another half of that would be mix and then you have the overall volume impact.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay. And what were your operating rates in your bromine production facilities?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Bromine was pretty high P.J. I'd say in the... our bromine, bromine wells in 85% to 90% range yielding about the same. Our specialties in brominated flame retardants have been higher. The real volume downturn is occurring in our mineral business and those rates are probably in the low 70s.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay and then one last question on Fine Chemicals. You talked about raw material and energy costs. Now what is the mechanism in Fine Chemicals to pass through this cost? Is it a contract based pass through or do you have great prices on ibuprofen and other products?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No, we have to drive those price improvements in Fine Chemicals for sure. I mentioned that we've had some good solid gains in clear brine fluids, for example. The profit hasn't fully come down from those products because of the dramatic increases in transportation costs, for example. So, we just announced couple weeks ago an increase in calcium bromine pricing, for example to cover that. We announced about a month ago sodium bromide price increase. So, we are working hard to get that pass through, but we really have to drive that in Fine Chemicals.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, P.J.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Yes, good morning. John, if I look at Polymer Additives and focus on the brominated flame retardants, in that piece of the portfolio, what would the margin trends be there on a year-over-year basis. Are those margins, hanging in relatively stable, such that the bulk of the erosion is really on the mineral side?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You bet Kevin; it's actually... grew nicely on a sequential basis, our brominated flame retardants. So that's why the real focus is on our mineral. We've had $5 million sequentially of uncovered raw material increase, probably another $2 million related to sales volumes due to weakness in the automotive sector and some poaching going on in Europe. So in that environment, we are working to get these prices up in mineral. We were somewhat pleased to see last week an announcement by European competitor announcing a mineral flame retardant price increase. So, obviously, we are going to work to support that as much as we can.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Elsewhere in the chemical sector we've seen a few companies attempt to change pricing mechanisms to indexure [ph] or formulaic route. Have you thought about that all and as far as where you have to deal with ATH and phosphorous in these sorts of inputs. Might that be an option for you to avoid the lag affects associated with those pressures?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, I think what I think Kevin, we are looking at all of the above. We are looking at transportation surcharges, natural gas surcharges, things like that. But the key in specialty chemicals is really to price those products for the value they bring, more than anything. And I think in that context many of these products that have lost margin, really need to be priced for the value they bring and that would be significantly more in many cases than the raw material increases we are seeing. But we've got to take this one step at a time, just as you say, and look at everything possible.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then finally, just couple of quick financial questions. Number one, when might you expect to resume share repurchase activity and then Rich, can you give us an update on your working capital goals that you mentioned at Investor Day?
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure Kevin. We may get back into the market as soon as possible. I mean, we are always looking at that equation, so we have not precluded doing further buybacks. The rest of this year, we'll just have to see how things go. We had a little bit of a step back in working capital from a day's point of view in our second quarter, but we still have visibility to driving the improvements that we have as a goal for the year. Our net working capital is pretty much flat in the second quarter, but we are still trying to get money out there and we'll be continuing to focus on that as the year proceeds.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Kevin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jeff.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: In your... catalyst volumes were down, I think 11% in the quarter. So, which was down more, HPC or FCC?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Sequentially HPC and secondarily sequentially FCC, year-over-year, it was... the majority of the decrease was in FCC.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Majority of that. So, you brought on this large slug of HPC capacity? I take it that you feel that the... whatever volatility in the market has caused the sales volumes to ramp up slower than you expected and you said that the third quarter would also be slow is that right?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Jeff, I think we've been pretty crystal in our view that over the next two years we we'll fill that unit up.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Yes.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: And we've also been very clear in communicating that volumes would be weak in the second and third quarters as part of that. So I don't think there is any inconsistency here. In that volume that the broad perspective I would just urge you and I think everybody to have on this businesses is if you plot the growth in these volumes, now that we don't give out publicly. What you'll see is the quarter-to-quarter volatility is just a myth and the month-to-month volatility is just a myth. As a matter of fact, the month-to-month volatility is equal to the mini. So you can have pretty big swings depending on what the market is doing out there. So I... it may have been lower than some have predicated, but I think it was quiet consistent with our views that were given.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, you bet.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: So you still expect to sell at least on average half of your new HPC capacity this year, you haven't changed that view?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Will be sold out next year and what I'm not quiet prepared to say is, it will exactly half at the end of this year. The team is pretty confident. We are going to see those volumes come on strong as we end this year but it's all a function what those refineries do. Some refineries have in places reduced rates. We've not seen a near term impact of that but you always worry, and kind of paranoid gods [ph] all worried a bit about the impact of that. But in the scheme of things from over this two year cycle, I'm pretty confident will be full swing next year.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Just a couple of more quick questions in Polymer Additives, apparently brominated flame retardants are growing and mineral based flame retardants are contracting. Broadly speaking, why is that? Is it the difference between the electronics and the auto markets?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think the auto market has in particular impacted the mineral flame retardant business and that's used as a PVC alternative and conduit for automobiles. So I think that's been the biggest impact there. But I really don't see any kind of secular trend here, Jeff. I think it's really as we work through some inventories in the marketplace and frankly in Europe we've got a competitor who really hasn't been supporting the price increase effort and has been intent on trying to take market shares. So we've had to take steps to protect our market shares in Europe as well. So I think that is mostly a dynamic in our mineral flame retardants.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Of the 220 in raw materials costs that you have expect. How much of that is not pass through. Or to ask it in another way, how much of the raw materials of this 220 do you pass through contractually?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: We get about half pass through in catalysts on lot of that to HPC related to molybdenum, cobalt, nickel.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Right.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: The other... a big portion of the catalyst though is FCC related and that has to be pass through in the marketplace. The balance of that is spread evenly between half Fine Chemicals and half Polymers. So, you can see from the net margins, there is thin in polymers there's about $8 million that we're not getting pas through today. Five of that mineral and about three in stabilized urgent curatives related to products like isobutylene, phenol, natural gas, and other energy costs.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: I guess lastly for Rich Diemer, are there any prior period adjustments that have affected the tax rate this year either in the first two quarters or in the second two quarters?
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Absolutely not. If there were, we would obviously highlight that out for you, so you would see it. It will be transparent. I think the biggest change between... what we did last year Jeff, is we said all our incremental income on a worst case basis would be in high tax jurisdictions. And what's happened, part of this actually planned, is we have seen the bulk of the incremental income in either low or no tax jurisdictions. So what you see is JBC actually had a record quarter, that's tax free money. It's almost like an arbitrage of our production assets. And with that... so you'll see a benefit on the tax line from that, but you'll also see a hurt on minority interest line to that. So, we feel on a total sustainable basis, 20% is where we see the full year coming out right at this moment. Should we start making more money in the back half in higher tax jurisdictions we'll then adjust that accordingly. And we are hopeful that we are getting closer to a settlement with our back years with the IRS but while we've had conversations there, we have nothing yet to announce and when we do have that will account for that we'll make sure you know what that is.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank North America: Thank you, good morning.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, David.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: David, good morning.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank North America: John, you discussed FCC pricing, how the price increase is flowing through and are margins above, go above 10% in FCCs?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: David, yes, we've had continuing success in selling the value equation in FCC and our average price was right around $3,100 a ton in the second quarter. So, I think, we've demonstrated consistently the ability to sell that value equation in our FCC catalysts. Overall the margins are less today, than the overall margin of the entire catalyst business. So, we still have some work to do there as it's still being somewhat dilutive. But, there is an announcement last week on a price increase but, one of our competitors and again I think that's demonstrating the value these products bring. So, we're studying that right now.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank North America: And, John the lower volumes in FCC this quarter, were there any competitive situations you couldn't respond to or is it normal seasonality?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, some of it is seasonality. I think, probably about a half of it is seasonality or year-on-year there was a major one-off shipment made in FCC that occurred. But overall, yes, I would have to say that we have lost some market share in Europe due to some other competitors, not having the same view of the value that these products bring. So, I'd view a miss if I didn't tell you that. But things are tightening up on a supply basis and that's good. Raw materials continue to escalate dramatically in this portfolio. rare earths, silicates, ATH, ATH we always talk about in terms of mineral flame retardants, but there is a big part ATH goes into FCC catalyst as well. So, I mean, those input costs are rising dramatically and we see going forward could have another $250 per ton impact in the second half. So, we have to got to work to get that pass through.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank North America: And John similar color on bromine FR pricing, how is that trending?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, we've had some good success over the last couple of months on continuing to get prices up. The mix is really the issue there, David, our tetrabrom volumes have rebounded from a year ago. And, so that is dilutive in terms of the mix of the overall business. But our specialties are doing quite well including our decabrom alternative and products like that. So, we're continuing to see a pretty resilient market out there for these products. And we're somewhat pleased by that and hopeful that, that will continue into the third quarter. And, the third quarter comp will be a little easier in the sense of last year third quarter volumes were very, very weak in the overall brominated flame retardant portfolio. Hope that gives you a little color on it.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank North America: It does. And lastly for Rich next year's tax rate should we assume a slight increase versus this year?
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, that would be the safe way to go. And we will give you a lot more color on that as we get closer to the end of year.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank North America: Thank you.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, David.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co: Good morning.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Laurence, good morning.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co: I guess the first question is in Polymer Additives. Can you give some details some more clarity on the inventory reduction? What the impact was this quarter if thinking behind it. And whether you feel you need to do another one in Q3?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, we try to, yes, Laurence this is John. We really try to manage our working capital and our inventories quite tightly especially with this volatile raw material environment. If there ever is a downturn, we certainly don't want to be situated holding on to very high cost raw materials. So, that is kind of the driving principle, but we just want to use our cash very well, as well. So, if you look sequentially at our entire polymers portfolio. It is down; inventory is down about 12%. And I mean that did not have an insignificant impact on the profitability for the business. My guess is it's in as far a nickel a share right there. So that is good discipline around our working capital and our volumes in our Polymer Additives business did not help in terms of our margin contribution in that sector.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co: And do you see a similar reduction needed in Q3 or do you think you're done at this point?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No, all depends on primarily volumes in Europe around flame retardants. We're starting to see some times that we've rebonded out of it; the brominated flame retardant business looks pretty robust right now. And our antioxidants business in China where we have some concerns in the intermediates area. The end product seems to be, volume seem to be pretty healthy. So, overall, we're cautiously optimistic.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co: Okay. And then, on raw material terms, do you have about a $5 million to $8 million net lag currently depending on how you look at the... sort of headwinds in Polymer Additive -- ?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Right.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co: For the full year, where do you think you are going to end the year with the tier in $20 million increase in raw materials? How much of a lag do you think you'll need to catch up in 2009?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I think if it were to stay at $220 million. We feel we can cover that.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co: By the end of the year?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. My worry is really what happens in terms of the markets and the volatility around these products, I was reading at oil today is up another $2 a barrel. So it's a tough environment to understand it. We are just trying to really stay all over it. And we haven't had certainly any luck at all in the first half with this ramping raw material issue, but I think all those in our space are based with the same issue. I think we intend to do a better job of really getting out in front of it and understanding its impact and trying to communicate that across to our business folks and to our customer base.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: One of the tough thing. This is Mark, that John and company face is that there is a frame on a lag time. I'm not sure quite how to do that, the calculus on that. But even today if oil started dropping, I think inflation will continue to grow for a while. As this sort of works its way through all the sectors. And, so the 220 is an anticipation of a continuing work through. And I think that's a little bit independent of where oil ends up at the end of the year. I mean I think it's going to be there before oil drops $20 a barrel, my gut it is still about 220. If it goes up another $20 a barrel, then you've got another round of inflation that rolls through in 2009 yet to yet to determined. So, it is an unsettling time from that point of view. And John's team I think has done really good job driving these prices and there's only that one or two areas that John has mentioned where because of other market situations, we are just not able to do so. That must be in Polymer Additives.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co: Then, lastly just quickly on the net fee multi year order that you mentioned, is that a material, or is that more just interesting a validation of the technology moving forward?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: No. I think that's going to be quite material. We are talking 2000, for the most part 2009 and '10 for that. And Neste is...if you go to webpage and look, they are really promoting this technology or a number of new plants that are scheduled to be built. They will come on stream after we end this decade. So it could be a... it's a first step for us in alternative fuels, it could be a huge step, and I think there could be steps to follow.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co: Any rules of thumb to help us to gauge the impact next year?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: We really not do that right now. But it's bigger than a bread basket.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co: Okay. Thank you.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Laurence.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Schwartz with First Analysis. Please proceed.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Good morning.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Steve.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: John, I think in answering David's question, you touched on this. But, what the catalyst volume drop, FX also disappeared. Are those two connected to each other or this related to FCC in Europe?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: With the catalyst volume drop was there an FX impact?
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Well you can see that your ForEx impact to revenue in the quarter was zero in catalyst.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Whereas, in the previous quarter, it had been 3.5% or 4%. So, I am just... I am wondering if there is a regional mix component in what happened with the volume, and if that's tied to why FX was zero? So in other words --
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Yes, I understand Steve. So well, we are kind of naturally hedged and the volume we sold in both FCC and HPC in catalyst is pretty naturally hedged by the production base there, if that helps to answer your question.
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Steve, this is Rich. On the usual break out we do for top-line growth, we have 3.5% impact positive on for catalyst. So I'm not... you maybe picking up a bad number here.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Okay. Okay, I'll check that.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: And then just from a longer perspective on catalyst, we are starting to see demand destruction in gasoline in the U.S. And, I know that U.S., from North American refineries are a big portion of your revenue there. How do you see that demand destruction impacting your business in the next six to 18 months?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Well, that's a challenging question. Because probably a lot of people have a lot different opinions on it. But you know at its heart, what our catalyst do and what our competitor's catalyst do bring tremendous value. They make processes more efficient, they help drive a better product mix, they help improve the environmental situation by pulling out non-wanted pollutants and contaminants. And overall, my belief is that the catalysts help refiners in that context. Now, with that said, I think the refiners are going to do everything possible they can to extend reactor times before they go through a turnaround. And try to utilize catalysts on longer duration. And things like anything they can do to try to beef up their margins, because obviously with the dramatic ramp up in oil costs a lot of the pure refining places are struggling in this environment. But we think overall, longer term; our catalysts really help out that situation and not hurt it.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Okay. So in other words, the technology should overcome any decline in consumption?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely. And if we don't, we're not doing our job to really drive value in their use.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Okay. And then just one last one on SG&A, it looks like if I look over the past couple of years on a quarterly basis, on the even years, your SG&A expenses typically lower in the first and third quarter and this year you certainly seemed to be following that pattern. So should we expect that SG&A could be flat in the third quarter, on a year-over-year dollar basis?
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think, we haven't done that sort of regression analysis Steve, so maybe you've figured out a pattern here but I would say we are going to be very mindful of SG&A expense in light of everything else we've talked about in the third quarter. So we're only going to spend what we need to spend.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Okay, got you. Thanks John thanks Rich.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison of KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Hi guys.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mike.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Michael.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Any update on HPC operating rates or you have been running that business sort of at a pretty good trajectory [ph] expansion anticipation of these of the better order, timing that you see in the second half to 2009?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, in the second quarter. We actually build a bit of inventory. We had couple of upside orders for us that originally were planned to go out at the end of the quarter and didn't go for a sundry reasons. But there were some pretty significant volume in that business. So, we had the inventory there ready to go. So to conclude that, yes, we had been running at reasonably high rates to make the volumes for those two significant international HPC orders. The other thing Mike I'd comment on is, the great thing about our catalyst business is the ways we can make money of this business. And one of those that wasn't insignificant in the quarter was the royalties we make of the regeneration process. And that yielded some significant profit for us. But it's just another great example of how the overall portfolio within catalyst is so strong, so balanced, so diverse and allows us many different opportunities to make money. So, I'd kind of include that in the HPC kind of portfolio and that was equivalent to about 1,000 tons of HPC volume, just regeneration work that we did. So it's not insignificant.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: That also helped our... help drive the margins at record levels that you see.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: And Mark your confidence in filling up the plant by the end of '09 are you contracted out yet? Have you signed most of that capacity out?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have some big orders in there that... between, that will come in at 2009. That helps me stake my confidence. I think second to that, there are number of units that are on the radar screen that we feel that we have a good chance to get that business and John also mentioned some of the, he had mentioned some of the advances we're making in catalyst technology. Last thing I'll mention is UOP is going to start kicking in the bid in 2009. So, Mike, I think that we'll be full as we end next year, yes. What... I am little bit less clear on in just that question is we'll be half way there by the end of this year, I think a lots going to depend on the fourth quarter to make that happen, and we have seen a few order slip a little bit, So I'm a little anxious about, about whether will we'll actually do this linearly is going to be a bit back end and weighted.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: And the way to think about the third quarter based on FCC maybe some market share loss there, that you noted John, and maybe some push out for HPCs, the volumes there would probably still be down a little bit in catalyst as it was in the second and then you have a sort of big fourth quarter surround out the year.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes but, Mike, this is John. Compared to the second quarter, I think we'll see some sequential gain in FCC and see some modest sequential gain in HPC.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay. So the year-over-year decline would be less than what you saw in the second quarter and the third directionally?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: That's correct.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay then. I wanted to leave with a real quick Polymer Additives, the $8 million sort of squeeze in raw materials that you noted, do you have price increases to cover that right now correct?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: On the mineral
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: And phosphorus.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: And phosphorus. We are working on phosphorus as we speak. We're having some success. The stabilizers and curatives, we believe we can get that. We are working on those increases across in antioxidant and intermediates portfolio, but, ATH we do not have yet. We are working through that right now.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: What's the delta in the third and fourth quarter? Does that $5 million in ATH get bigger in your assumptions based on what you know, now?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No, unless the euro changes dramatically. But --
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: So, you sort of have a $5 million squeeze in the second, another $5 million in the third and another $5 million in the fourth to offset?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, we have got to work to get offset. That's correct.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay. So, there is sort of 15, a $10 million headwind in the second half for ATH. I am curious [ph] as it stabilizes, are you... that's the business you normally can get pricing for that, right?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You bet.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay. So, that $3 million you had in the third quarter, whatever the assumption is in the second half, you should be able to get that?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You bet and we are hoping for sequential increases in brominated flame retardants to help offset the... what we don't achieve on ATH.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: And there is no squeeze in the bromine flame retardant side. Everybody seems to be raising prices to offset and maybe get more pricing than raw materials?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, it seems to be a good disciplined environment out there Mike.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay. And, last question, minerals, I know it's a necessary business for you to be in longer term. What do you think needs to happen, do you need the right size of the business or is it just... do you need to help consolidate the industry a little bit to maybe help improve the stability?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, clearly there is some competition going on in Europe that just doesn't make any sense to me.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Right.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: And the net results that are demonstrated by that, particular entity are not good and one of them just announced a price increase, just Thursday of last week. So, it's not enough to cover all this inflation we are seeing in ATH and energy.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Right.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: But it's a start. So, we are going to pay close attention to that.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay, thank you.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Michael.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Bye, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Shaw with UBS. Please proceed.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): Hi, good morning. How are you doing?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Chris.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): Hey, I might have missed it, but what was the... why were volumes down in Fine Chemicals? What was the main culprit there?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, the main thing, sequentially is our ag intermediates business, which is primarily a 4Q through 1Q campaign. So, sequentially, it was almost all that. I mean, that was probably 7% or 8% of the total volume.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): And year-over-year?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Year-over-year primarily. Well, year-over-year, our volume was up.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): It was?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, the volume, now there are some mix affects in there, but pure volume was up about 5% to 6%, Fine Chemicals.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): So the number you... the negative 1.6 that's in the release or in the --
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: That's the mix impact of revenue it plays a big part in that.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): Okay, okay, okay.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: And we debate with that numbers what we kind of publish and we have gotten ourselves in a habit of always doing this on one methodology. But I think with the net, the volume impact year-over-year, volume in Fine Chemicals was actually up.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): Okay, and then, just curious, you mentioned that FCC is around $3,100. What were they in 1Q, did you give that or do you know?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): They are not small increases. A pretty big impact?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, it was I mean it's up about 7% - 8% sequentially. And up about 25% year-over-year.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): All right and excuse, the... well the minority interest line for Polymer Additives, will that go away that you have bought out the JV in China?
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For that JV yes, that part will, but there are some other smaller items that are also in there.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): Was that half of it or more, I mean approximately.
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: More than half will.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, almost all of that.
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Most of it will go away.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): I guess I mean if refineries are struggling at margins and I mean you are operating a little less, does that, that doesn't encourage them to take a turnaround in price from HPCs, now?
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Not in my experience, they are just half or down and cut cost and if you look at it on the variable basis and you set aside oil, the other thing is the catalysts starts getting up there. They will do things to slow down rights and slow capacity.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): Okay. And one last one quickly. For ATH, what's actually driving the increase there, is it just aluminum prices?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, absolutely. And aluminum and the ATH market itself. I mean there are limited choices. There are lot of alternatives to achieve. So we are competing against much bigger volume absorbers. So we have to buy according to market.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): But some of that going to pigments is running well, I thought maybe like our coatings, or some I thought maybe that would actually have created less demand?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Some of the complementary uses?
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): yes.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I am not sure, I say most of it in other aluminum based applications.
Chris Shaw - UBS (US): Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next comes from the line of Dimitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Good morning.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Dimitry.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Dimitry.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: I just want to follow-up on a couple of questions first, and then switch gears over to talk about Fine Chemicals. Did I understand you correctly, in response to Mike Sison's question that the $3 million in that you say you are lagging in the second quarter and price increases in stabilizers and lubricants you'll be able to get that in the third quarter?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, we hope so. We are working hard to get that through.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. So --
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: [Multiple Speakers] isobutylene, phenol related. We are going to work hard to achieve that.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay, all right. Now the softness that you expect in this second and third quarters in the catalyst business? Did you expect it to come on the FCC side? Or did you expect it to come in the HPC side? And just have it to come on the FCC side?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No, we expected both because generally the first quarter is pretty high volume. We had lost some volume as I mentioned in Europe to a lesser extent in Europe, that's more market share related. And we've had couple of those customers come back to us, which is a good thing. And so, we are continuing out there to try to sell based on our value equation Dimitry, and now it appears that the market is tightening, the raw materials continue to escalate. I think we've been kind of on track with that curve. But if it hadn't been for that dramatic increases that we saw in rare earth and silicates and ATH, our margins would have been even higher. But with what we're facing, we are pretty happy where we are.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Now... so if I can kind of summarize what's going on in FCC business and why then the volumes there are negative, you are having a little bit less of a market if you will in the U.S. because of you know fuel miles driven, whatever. And then you have market share loss in Europe?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Correct.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. And then on the HPC side you talked about some orders that you were thinking of shipping this quarter that got pushed into the next quarter. Is that the way to understand your comments?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, they were originally planned for the third quarter and then the customer you know, tried to move them up. But there is some complications in it because these are fairly complex orders. So, they didn't end up going. Now, what we don't know is what's going to happen at the end of the third quarter. So, overall we are anticipating a sequential volume growth in HPC, but we are also aided by a very strong mix effect in the second quarter. So, if we could... I would anticipate that the net profit we make of a catalyst would decline in the third quarter, but that's kind of in our plan for the year.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Versus the second quarter or versus third quarter of last year?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Versus second quarter.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, versus second quarter.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: All right. And then, switching gears a little bit, talk about the Dr. Reddy agreement which I do believe was for your ibuprofen supply, was that agreement or dissipation of part of your comments during Investor Day that you were looking to get the ibuprofen plant to 90% utilization rate, I think by the end of next year?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, that's part of it Dimitry. That and we've got a number of other good volume opportunity. So, the business from volume perspective is doing pretty well. It's also faced with a lot of raw material inflation. So, to bring that down to bottom-line we've got to run our plants very well and we've got to continue to get pricing up because a lot of these organic drive raw material are involved in ibuprofen. Natural gas is used in making ibuprofen and other input costs like hydrochloric acid and things that are used in ibuprofen production. So, it's all going up, and to continue to drive the profit we've got the volume now, we've got to produce efficiently and get some improved pricing.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: So do you have price announcements or private price initiatives out there in the marketplace currently?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Not right now but it's been worked on.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: And is the Dr. Reddy contract have any kind of a price band on it or is it just market pricing or any kind of --
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I wouldn't want to get into all of details around that but, yes there is some coverage there.
Dimitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. All right thank you.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dimitry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Koort, Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Good morning.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Bob.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Bob.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Mark I need you to move down the bad news more quickly. So I can take advantages of the huge and bad moves connection speed maybe next time.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Its happening buddy. It's happening.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: A couple of questions first on the ATH do you guys buy ATH or do you buy box.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: We buy ATH, Bob.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: And do or do you know your competitors buy it from Chinese sources because I guess they are really curtailing aluminum production over there. So that's going to create some supply constraints for somebody.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: No they don't buy so much from Chinese sources.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: You mentioned that maybe your competitors have a little different objective on pricing and profit margins in AT or mineral flame retardants and obviously you guys are still producing 10% margin, which I know you probably disappointed in but looks quite a way is out from others in the industry. So do you think this is just an issue where you have got much higher expectations and the rest of the industry is willing to accept lower returns or can we have some reason to hope that this is just a temporary issue?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it is just temporary. When I look at the financial results you know delivered by the competition it is way below anything close to what we are doing. So you know their orders are magnitude. The question you asked is one of you know relativity but I think there is so far off the mark that they have got to do something. to get the --
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: To get to be more explosive, and I'm wondering, John, is do you have... are your margins sufficiently higher than your competitors that even if they raise price. That your create umbrella there, I mean what do you think your competitive margin structure looks like in that particular product line is there some reason to think that you are constrained in margins or not?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No, I don't think so. Because we know where ours are of course and actually the company I'm referring to is a public entity. So, we know, where there's are and they continue to kind of talk about buying expansion which in this environment we just don't understand. So, we've to take steps protect our market share. And, but, as I said there is just a recent announcement last week, and it's only an announcement but, it's first one of its kind. So, we will see how, the behavior, what the behavior is coming out of that, and pay attention to that closely.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: And, John, I think you mentioned, mix effects partly resulting in the weakish looking price mix dynamic in additives. I guess when I look on an annualized basis given what raw materials have generally done; I wouldn't have expected that this year would be the slowest rate of increase especially given your comments about bromines still having some improvement over in Fine Chemicals you've got a lot of price obviously that's influenced in part by the bromine molecule. So, are we talking actual price declines in some of these products or what would cost such a modest price movement in '08 so far?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, the mineral product line is priced roughly half of that off the bromine. Might be target line just by its nature and cost structure. So, that's really the mix effect that I'm talking about. When we've seen just the base volume decline year-on-year in mineral its got a big volume impact because it is much bigger volume is twice the volume level flame retardants and then on a pricing level it's half. So that's really what I was talking about was a big mix impact. So, the help is on the bromine flame retardants side we've continued to see profit improvement sequentially and we're helping for a good third quarter there as well, does that help you to understand a little better.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Yes and I will try one more it does although I am often and still confused with ATH if you are suffering on volume given its got the lowest product price point when that actually help your year-on-year realization from a mix stand point
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, it's right.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Okay so I guess my question is in the quarter you showed 1% price mix improvement in additives and given where benzene and phenol and bromine costs are down, our prices are down broadly I would have expected a much higher rate I guess.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes if you look at our polymers business in total, the polymer volumes are actually up sequentially and up year-over-year if you actually look at volumes in polymers and exclude the mix effect.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Okay. I think I'll have to talk with you guys. Thanks John.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Talk with you later. Thank Bob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Vencil of Davenport. Please proceed.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.: Hi guys, thanks.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Todd.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Todd.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.: Quick question, most of my questions about the business have obviously been answered. You guys have done a good job. You have talked in the past about your feelings regarding the consensus estimate out there for fuels I think at this point it's 270, 61 weight on, weighing on how you feel about those right now?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Todd this is Mark. I think, we kind of start the year given that perspective then we said we felt okay, with consensus, yes we started the year-end and so far we have not changed that perspective.
Todd Vencil - Davenport & Co. of Virginia, Inc.: Okay, thanks a lot.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Todd.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sherman with Newburn & Associates [ph]. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning guys.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Steve.
Unidentified Analyst: On FCCs, there is only two parts of the businesses, so the base FCC catalysts and additives, can you go over how those two are doing to sort of sum up to the total in FCC business?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, additives business is a real small portion of our overall FCC business, but it is doing well, they tend to be SOx and NOx reduction additives, but it's, in terms of total volume of the overall business it is fairly amount of piece of that.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess some profitability however, I think you made comments that those are they add much more value than sort of your core catalyst. Our profitability side isn't much; you know is it punching above its way to fuel?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, on a relative basis it is... it's doing well. But still on terms of being a significant part of the FCC profitability. It's still much less than the majority, I mean you are talking in 10% or 20% of total.
Unidentified Analyst: And can you give us an update methyl bromide in any expectations in next couple of years, out side sort of your previous comments?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, methyl bromide year-on-year, is just stable, it's flat, it's under the critically used exemption process, we still don't see any change there. Pricing year-over-year has changed does the cost structure has obviously increased as well. And though we've been successful year-over-year in getting some reasonable price improvements. But for us year-over-year there is really much more significant change in the methyl bromide either way and we don't anticipate any changes going forward that's governed by the EPA critically use exemption process.
Unidentified Analyst: And, then finally on the Chinese antioxidants plants net of any if you will shut down or slow down in manufacturing other parts of the world and how materials that really going to be at the end of the day?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: That business been a really nice business for us, now we are working continuing do to drive pricing improvement to cover the oil based input cost there. But that's been a good business for us, and I think is one of the other colors mentioned, the minority interest line will go away as we're now on 100%. But its overall margins are higher than the margins of the total Polymer Additives business. So, it's accretive to our margins and it's accretive to our earnings it's been a great deal for us, it has put us really on the map in terms of China and roughly about $5 million a month in sales. So it's good.
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Steve this is Rich just to clarify we do have JBC as minority interest in both the Fine Chemicals business and in the polymer business. So John's comment is that as it relates to anything Jinhai related that minority interest will go away, that will disappear.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, and then a clarification on couple of HPC orders that didn't go in the second quarter were those due to complications on the customer end or in your end? And then you mentioned that you will have to wait till the end of the third quarter to see if they was a way. I would imagine they would be pretty much right away if they run a cost for the quarter?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, and although we think those are going to go in July. But what I was referring to was other orders that are on the fringe of the quarter, Mark mentioned how lumpy this business is and in the last week of a given quarter can make or break this business many times. So, the... but, to your specific questions, mostly delays due to at the customer side of things.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks guys.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You bet.
Operator: And then, your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Hi.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Couple of short things. The interest expense for the quarter was about $8.5 million, is that a good number to use for the next two quarters?
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'd use that might of the next quarter and hopefully by the end of the year you know it will be a combination of what if say anything we do in terms of potential additional buyback and where rates are. So, we should be very cash generative in the third and fourth quarter and you know, what we do with that cash influence there.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: What was the operating cash flow in the quarter?
Richard J Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Operatingcash flow for the six months Jeff is about $94 million up 10% year-over-year.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: That catalyst equity income went from $5 million to $7.5 million. How did you do that?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. It was two factors. We mentioned good growth in the regeneration piece of that. And that's through one of our ventures. And also our Nippon Ketjen HPC venture in Japan did better.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. I was little bit confused in that. There are some orders that will probably flop into the third quarter. And I think, one of the commentators said that you thought that all in your segment income and catalyst would be sequentially down. Are both of those true?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Now, there is... reiterated by a very strong mix in the second quarter, and particularly in HPC. Jeff, our Nebula very high activity self reduction catalyst did quite well, and is probably the highest margin product in the whole family, so strong this impact.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: In terms of the whole raw material issue, sort of order of magnitude, your prices were up 10%. And last year you had, call it $560 million in sales. So, your prices looks like they are up about $56 million and your cost of goods sold is up, maybe about $45 million, all things being equal. So, I take it then in the aggregate, you're still ahead of your raw material price inflation. Is that right?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. Now, you have to take into account, we reduced volumes in polymers year-over-year and sequentially. I think that had an absorption impact as we watched that working capital, my guess, is about $5 million. And then... so there is other impacts like that. But you really have to get into the weeds Jeff, and that's where when we look at polymers. And in its margin decline either year-over-year or sequentially, it really comes down to this mineral flame retardant. And our inability to get that ATH passed through in this European competitive environment.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Then lastly, for Mark, it just seems that marginally, you are just a slightest bit more conservative about your HPC volumes for the entire year. And there is all kinds of reasons why maybe volatile and quarter-to-quarter basis. But, are there fundamental reasons why you're a little bit more cautious for the year and what would those fundamental reasons be if there are any?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, every time I make a comment it's based on some fundamental perspective in the market Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: What we see in 2009 is a fair amount of clarity on new business, is booked. And so, that base goes in the year. And so the rest of the ambiguity deals will change our... change our schedules, whether we win or don't win an account. As we as... I just got back from Asia and there were a couple of our accounts in Asia. This is... there is no impact on us to-date where refineries in Korea had actually slipped the turnaround by a year. So they sort of backing off a bit on sulfur. That's an example. It's a data point. And so I... until I get the orders book, and said that when John gets some books, he comes and reports to me. I'll start relaxing and then I haven't got that point to relax yet for this year. So, we got work ahead of us to get to draw volume I think this year. I think we've got more tailwinds next year. I think we end up quite... I feel good we're going to end up there Jeff within next year. But this year, it's just too difficult to tell.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: And you have no further questions at this time.
Sandra Rodriguez - Director of Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you everyone for participating on the call today. If you have any further questions, please contact me at the number indicated on the press release. Have a great day everyone.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Sandra Rodriguez - Director of IR Mark C. Rohr - President and CEO John M. Steitz - EVP and COO Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co. Jason Miner - Deutsche Bank Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research Chris Shaw - UBS Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Corp.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Q1 2008 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Cynthia, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Sandra Rodriguez, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Sandra Rodriguez, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Sandra Rodriguez - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Cynthia. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today for a review of Albemarle's first quarter results, which were released after the close of the market yesterday. Our press release contains preliminary results for the quarter, and this information is subject to further review by the Company and our auditors as part of our quarter-end review process. Please note that we have posted supplemental sales information as well as reconciliations for net debt and EBITDA on our website under the Investor Information section at www.albemarle.com. I'd also like to caution that the remarks today contain forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause results to differ from expectations are listed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Participating with me on the call this morning are Mark Rohr, President and CEO; John Steitz, Executive Vice President and COO; and Rich Diemer, Senior Vice President and CFO. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Sandra, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to have the opportunity to share our first quarter results today, and we all look forward to answering your questions after a few remarks. Before I comment on Albemarle's consolidated results this quarter, I will mention a few strategic initiatives. First, you may have seen our recent press release announcing we have signed a letter of intent to acquire Sorbent Technologies. Sorbent is a full-service mercury control provider for coal-fired power plants. Combining Sorbent's proprietary technology with Albemarle's experience in commercializing innovative new technologies provides a great opportunity for us. We're excited about shaping this new market for bromine, one that could significantly expand the demand for US bromine near term and global demand over the longer term. While this acquisition is small in comparison to others we have done, it will be a good strategic fit in our bromine portfolio and has tremendous growth potential, which is being driven by Federal and state regulations to control levels of mercury emitted into the atmosphere. These regulations, which have already begun in some states this year, will rapidly expand throughout the United States in the next two to three years, creating step out growth prospects for companies participating in creating solutions for power generation. We have commenced due diligence and expect to close the Sorbent acquisition during the second quarter. Another exciting strategic project we have underway is the expansion of our antioxidant plant in China. Our recent acquisition of a majority ownership position in our Jinhai joint venture, coupled with this significant expansion, will solidify our leadership position in Greater China. Our consolidated results include an after-tax charge of 2.1 million, or $0.02 per share for costs associated with the consolidation of a number of our offices. Looking ahead, we expect to take additional steps in 2008, as we seek improvements in operational and transactional efficiency. Rich will provide some additional color on SG&A, and I look forward to sharing more details about this subject in future calls. During the quarter, the company also purchased approximately 4.1 million shares of Albemarle stock at an average price of $37.20 per share. Subsequently, our Board of Directors authorized the company to repurchase up to 5 million additional shares and also increase the company's quarterly dividend to $0.12 per share, allowing the company to continue to deliver shareholder value through buybacks and dividends, while maintaining the flexibility to invest in the company's long-term growth. Let me now shift to an area you have all been hearing a lot about. That's inflation. If I exclude moly, over the last three years, our raw material energy costs were up $160 million, or about $0.90 per share after-tax. If we add moly, our costs over the last three years were up roughly $180 million. As we enter 2008, we are seeing an unprecedented escalation in raw materials and energy. For the year, we now expect our input costs to increase $190 million. That's 160 million in raw materials and an additional 30 million in energy, or $1.60 a share after-tax. Said another way, we expect 2008 inflation to exceed that seen cumulatively over the last three years. While it has been very challenging, the Albemarle team has done a great job managing this inflation in the first quarter, and in a minute, John will provide more color on the impact of inflation on various businesses and how we intend to manage this challenge going forward. Now moving onto the company results. Regarding our first quarter, it's my pleasure to announce record sales for the company of 668 million, a 13% improvement over the first quarter of 2007, which yields record net income for the quarter of 65 million, or $0.70 per share, excluding the 2.1 after-tax severance charge I have already mentioned. These results are the product of a tremendous amount of effort to grow the company's profits in the face of hyperinflation. We reported nice year-over-year and sequential improvement in sales in each of our segments. Catalyst continues to report strong results, with over 30% increase in operating profits from the first quarter 2007, 220 basis point improvement in margins. Our Fine Chemicals segment delivered their highest quarterly sales since the Thann divestiture, and strong performance in brominated flame retardants drove polymer additives to record revenues, while segment margins took a big inflation hit. Looking forward, we're off to a great start in 2008, with better top line growth and stronger Fine Chemicals and Catalyst portfolios than we have ever had before, yet a more challenging cost position than we expected even a few months ago. During the second and third quarters, when higher input costs combined with lower volumes of HPC catalysts compared to Q1, we should expect earnings to be somewhat lower than those we were able to deliver in Q1, before we end the year strong. Nonetheless, even in such a challenging environment, our businesses are capable of delivering solid results, and we expect to have a very successful 2008. With that, let me turn it over to John Steitz to comment on our operating results.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Before I go into the segment results for the quarter, I would like to comment on the raw material and energy costs as well. The unprecedented escalations we're seeing this year are broad based across most materials and affecting all three of our business segments. Raw material and energy costs are up over $52 million in the first quarter of 2008 compared to the similar quarter of last year. About half of that increase put significant pressure on our Polymer Additives and Fine Chemicals segment performance this quarter, which I will address shortly. The other half is in metals and rare earths consumed our Catalyst products. With crude oil approaching $120 a barrel and natural gas exceeding $10 per million BTU, we do not foresee the headwinds slowing as these costs push through our supply chain. To weather this inflation, we will continue to work extremely hard at offsetting most of this material and energy inflation with pricing and cost saving initiatives. I will begin with our Fine Chemicals segment, reporting net sales for the quarter of $147.5 million, an increase of 6% year-over-year and 12.5% sequentially. Segment income for the quarter was $21.5 million, up 22% over last quarter, improving segment income margins to 14.6%. Double-digit sequential improvement in Fine Chemicals' top and bottom lines demonstrates very solid performance in the face of escalating raw material, energy, and transportation costs. Increased pharmaceutical and agricultural intermediate sales, as well as pricing gains achieved in some of our performance chemicals sectors, helped offset raw material headwinds. Our completion fluids sales lagged the first quarter '07, but continued to show sequential improvement, particularly in the Gulf of Mexico, where we are starting to see shifts to more deep-well drilling in high-pressure formations, one of the benefits to our business when oil and gas prices are at historic highs. We continue to build the Fine Chemistry pipeline, partnering with drug manufacturers on new medications for hypertension, cardiovascular disease, smallpox vaccines, and HIV. Our ibuprofen business is showing solid signs of growth this year. We're building a brand among life science companies and have a number of new add compounds rounding out our customer and asset base. Polymer Additives reported record net sales for the first quarter totaling $245 million, an increase of 14% from the first quarter of '07 and a 5% increase from last quarter; great progress towards turning the corner from a down year on '07 sales revenue. With that said, facing tremendous raw material and energy cost inflation, Polymer's first quarter segment income of $29.8 million was down slightly sequentially. Ongoing pricing efforts are starting to help offset some of the inflation costs, and we expect to see more coverage as we gain traction on some of the recently announced price increases rolling out this year. Our Flame Retardants business, especially brominated flame retardants, saw increases in volume and revenue for the first time since 2006. We started seeing the turnaround at the end of '07, with fairly strong demand continuing in the first quarter of 2008. We continue to see positive momentum heading into the second quarter. Looking into some of the markets our Flame Retardants serve, electronics was particularly strong this quarter versus the first quarter of 2007. The book-to-bill ratio reached 1.05 this quarter, indicating stronger sales growth in the global connectors market. Wire and cable, serving home-building and automotive markets, were somewhat weaker than we expected and going into the quarter. Now moving onto Catalyst, where we reported record net sales for the first quarter of $276 million, driving year-over-year and sequential growth of 17%. Segment income for the quarter just under 52 million improved 31% from the first quarter of '07 and 24% from last quarter, a great start to 2008 for this business. Polyolefin Catalysts delivered a quarter of solid results with double-digit profit improvements driven by improved volumes and pricing gains in our organometallic products. Certainly, a factor in the outstanding quarterly performance from Catalysts was the contribution from our new lower cost hydroprocessing catalysts plant in Houston, where we are able to manufacture high quality HPC product. The added capacity allowed HPC to deliver record sales revenue. Our team's successful value pricing effort in FCC catalyst paid off in offsetting rising cost inflation in raw materials such as rare earths, aluminous silicates, and natural gas, and also contributed to year-over-year segment profit improvements. We continue to work with refineries to find economical solutions to the challenges they face with processing heavier more sour crudes. Albemarle's ability to anticipate and quickly respond to these challenges and the market shifts, such as what we're seeing in the gasoline and diesel fuels markets, sets us apart in value delivery and continues to drive growth for this segment. Our increased investment in research and development clearly demonstrates the importance and value we place on technology and being the leader in innovative catalyst solutions. With that, let me turn it over to Rich for comments on the financial results.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John, and good morning to you all. The items I would like to highlight on today's call include discretionary expense control, taxes, cash flow, and our quarter-end balance sheet and financial position. Unallocated corporate expenses were 12.8 million in the first quarter, down 1.9 million from the prior year and essentially flat with Q4 2007. Anticipating the strong material cost headwinds we have experienced and the guarded economic outlook we are all reading about in the paper, we put a stranglehold on all discretionary spending companywide and sought to keep spending flat with Q4 ex-finance -- FX exchange impacts. The SG&A leverage we achieved at 9.5% of net sales versus 10.6% in Q1 last year is a reflection of this cost discipline. We intend to continue to keep our eye on the ball in this area and are launching several companywide cost efficiency initiatives as it relates to our operational and transactional processing efficiency. Taxes. Our effective tax rate for the quarter on a reported basis was 21.8%. It is 22.3% if we adjust for the tax benefit related to the special item charges for severance. The year-over-year improvement in our quarterly effective tax rate is principally due to the full year of benefit we will have from our Belgian-based trading and finance companies. Our tax rate is lower than my previous estimate of 23.5 to 24.5% communicated on our year-end call based on our current forecast of the level and mix of income and the benefits from our tax planning actions. Our EBITDA this quarter is 120 million, up 8% from last year and 12% sequentially. We ended the quarter with cash and equivalents of $135 million. CapEx for the quarter was 20 million and our full year CapEx plan is now 90 to 100 million. Depreciation and amortization was 27 million. As Mark mentioned previously, we repurchased and retired approximately 4.1 million shares, paying 151 million, or 37.20 per share this quarter. Between this repurchase and our Q1 dividend in 2008, we have already returned 20 million more to shareholders than we did in all of 2007. At quarter end, we have consolidated debt of 880 million, including 70 million of debt from JBC, our Jordanian bromine venture, and Jinhai, our Chinese antioxidant ventures. 409 million of our debt is fixed rate and 471 million is floating rate, a 46% to 54% split. Our floating debt interest rate is 3.2% at quarter end. The weighted average interest rate for Q1 was 4.6%. Net of 135 million cash on hand and excluding 43 million of non-guaranteed JBC and Jinhai debt, our net debt is 702 million, up 152 million from year end. Our debt-to-cap ratio is 40% and our net debt to cap is 36%. These are up 500 and 600 basis points respectively from year end levels, principally due to our financing of the stock repurchase in the quarter. Given our outlook for the business and cash flow for the remainder of the year, we are comfortable with the slightly elevated level of debt. With that, I will hand it back to Sandra.
Sandra Rodriguez, Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Rich. Okay, we would like to open it up for your questions now. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: In the Catalyst area your volumes were up 3.4%. I would have thought they would have been stronger with the new hydroprocessing catalyst capacity you brought on. Were there parts of the catalyst business that were up and parts that were down and what were they, and how many tons of hydroprocessing catalyst that you sell?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, Jeff because of competitive nature HPC we really wouldn't want to broadly broadcast the actual volume, but HPC volumes in the first quarter was down year-over-year, okay slightly I'd say in the range of about 5%. But we still in '07, we... that plant was sold out, so fortunately we had the new plant that are kicking in the first quarter and we were able to make product for the growing volumes there. But your observations about the overall catalyst business are right on because the FCC catalyst volumes were down year-over-year, and there was a big mix effect, because our FCC volumes are 4x to 5x of what our HPC volumes are. So that, hence gives you the net volume impact that you observed.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: I'm sorry; you said HPC was down 5% or up 5%?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Down year-over-year 5%, but up sequentially like 25%, 30% in that range.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Sequentially, all right. Secondly, a question for Rich, how did you... how did their shares outstanding get to 93.7? I thought you bought shares from Gottwald family in February?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are right Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: So, on an average basis, why would your shares go down as much as they did?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The calculation of EPS based on average shares. So it wasn't the full amount that is breaking it down, but net-net I think it was the pro rata amount and you will see that more fully reflected as the year goes on.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: What I mean is that if you bought 4 million shares in, say the first two months, right, wouldn't that just drop your shares outstanding by about 2.7 million?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But then you have certain buybacks we had during the course of last year that weren't fully reflected then, right. So that all kind of catches up and net-net you get the rest of the reduction that we had.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: So what are your actual fully diluted shares or your actual average shares right now?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I know we had 92.5 outstanding at the end of the quarter, I believe.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: 92.5?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that's what it was.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan: All right. I will get back in the queue. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Judd from Greenwich Consultants. Please proceed.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Yes. Good morning and congratulations on a good quarter.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Mike.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: You did a good job buying back shares last quarter, and you talked about your net debt-to-total capital. Given the gyrations and the volatility that we've seen in the overall stock market, would you be willing to step up to plate again? Should we have another swoon in the market and acquire additional shares? Or are we at a point now where there are other things that you would prefer to do with the cash that you are generating?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Mike, this is Mark Rohr. We went back to the Board and upped our authorization to 5 million shares. So we are standing by and we feel that the, probably speaking our share price remains undervalued. But having said all that, we continue to look at lot of acquisitions. So, I think as we go forward, you are going to see measured movement on our part to use that cash, to grow the company through acquisitions organic growth, capital; Rich talked about briefly. And then as we feel appropriate to be back and buying shares as well.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Okay. And then just secondly in the Catalyst business, I wondered if you could just give us an update on what business conditions look like in April and what your expectations are May and June?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Starting out in our Catalyst business, April started out pretty strong, but you have to keep in mind that we are anticipating our HPC volumes to dip in the second and third quarters and picking up in the fourth quarter. So overall, our projections for the year are intact. But generally costs of company were off to a start in April, not only in Catalysts but also in our Polymer Additives businesses as well.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Mike, I think you know that, while all these refineries take their outages, as they prepare for gasoline season. So, there is this natural sort of ebb and flow of HPC volumes that John was talking about, strongest in the first and fourth and weaker in the second and third.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Thank you very much for the help.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Well thanks Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good morning.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Bob.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Bob, good morning.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Could you guys talk a little bit about what you are seeing on new refineries and what your success rate is bidding on Catalyst charge to those new refineries that might be built in the emerging market?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, you bet Bob. In fact, we just had a review of our UOP alliance the other day, and our UOP alliance in hydrotreating continues to gain a lot of victories, driving primarily our technology and it's a new refining throughout India and Middle East. So we feel we're making a lot of good solid gains there and this is creating a pretty bullish longer-term view for us.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Hey, winning a disproportionate amount relative to your install base today, or is it --?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: We're winning at a rate that's probably 20% to 30% higher than our traditional share in that market. So we feel pretty good about that.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: And on polymer additive, I know you will be reluctant to give us specific margins by specific application or product type. But, can you talk about maybe where there is the greatest variation in profitability in that product line? Your margins have obviously come down quite a bit. Is it broad-based, or is there one or two particular product lines that are taking the lion share of that erosion?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, that's a great question. I think the majority of the hit we're seeing… we're seeing a lot of inflation in phosphorus and related products so phosphorus flame retardant business continues to struggle. And in our stabilizers and curatives business where the whole phenol chain kicks in as oil went on so rapidly in the first quarter, that business is struggling and there is basically a built-in lag there that we see in terms of getting that pricing up. But we seem to be so far a successful. We're getting some of our bromine flame retardants prices up as we speak and we're also successful in some of the stabilizers and curatives and antioxidant businesses. So we feel pretty good about that. Overall, I think we've seen with this margin erosion in our polymer additives business. I think there is going to be probably towards the second half of the year where we see margins up to more acceptable levels. So in that might being in the 15.5% to 16% range, but we do for the year see good sequential improvement as the year progresses in polymer additives.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: And then last question if I might, for Rich. Obviously, you had some successful belt tightening, you mentioned maybe pinching up the belt a bit more, you've got the headcount reduction that you took the charge. What can we expect on talked metrics [ph] as we go into the second half of the year?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: What I'd tell you Bob is that I think three to four quarters in the last five years, we've kind of hit the glass ceiling that we call it which is about 9.5% SG&A to sales and we were there again this quarter. Some of the things we're looking at and I think I probably got to say watch this space because we'll be talking more about this at our shareholder meeting, at our investor meeting in May, our design to breakthrough of glass ceiling so to say. So we're looking at things both operationally and our footprint… manufacturing footprint and also SG&A effectiveness that will… that we think will have the major impact on that as we go into the future. Now these are things like implementing best practices, fully integrating our acquisitions looking at the potential of kind of closed arbitrages in terms of where we run our transactional process of that I think. So hopefully, that's a little bit of allure to get people at our investor meeting in May.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Got it. See you then here in a couple of weeks.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Bob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Good morning, actually Jefferies. Good morning.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Laurence.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Just wanted to follow up on a couple of points. First of all, on the raw material headwinds for this year, was that including or excluding moly?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: That includes it, Laurence.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: So, what would it be excluding moly?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Probably 160 versus 190.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: And given the rapid increase in your estimate for the raw material costs, I mean each time I talk with you it seems to move higher. How are you thinking about your longer-term segment targets, I mean and your margin targets for this year and then for three, four years down?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me start this off and John may have a few comments he wants to throw in, Lawrence. But you recall that as we ended last year, I think the number we threw on the table was 80 million was our first tranche, our first cut at this number and that number has gone up from 80 to 190 in literally three months. And so the rate inflation really is frightening. And as John mentioned earlier, the team is working hard to get ahead of that and in some areas we have been able to do that, but it's taken its toll quickly in polymer additives and in some fine chemicals. Broadly speaking, we don't see this as being, if you take out some of this intermediate period, we don't see this as being something that should change overall margin targets, overall. There should be a reason, it should. We are not disadvantage to anyone. In fact, we think we have some solid advantages in a few areas. So I don't think it changes the margin target, but that rate of inflation is a pretty frightening thing. And it can cause people to do few good things and make mistakes. So we are just very nervous about how we manage this transition to some higher level of cost, that's more stable. So John, do you want to make any comments on that?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. I think it hasn't altered at all our views on the business segment. So I think in polymers, there is a bit of a lag we are dealing with here, Laurence and really that's about it.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: And if I recall properly on the moly side, you have more trouble passing through those costs when prices are volatile. When your customers sometime pushback on the swing?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, that used to be case, but now we have really instituted more real time pricing mechanisms particularly in whether that volatility exists. But that used to be the case years ago, but no longer…
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think the takeaway on this Laurence today is that, when we used to be talk about inflation with you guys we would talk primarily about metals, because that was the issue that John and team were most engaged with. Today, what we're seeing is inflation everywhere and so it just really permeates the entire aspect of everything we buy. And I think many company's are seeing this. So, management becomes actually more complicated scenario as John is talking to. So, we actually are, I don't want to say metals on issue, ATH or something we struggled a bit with. But broadly speaking it's the nature and the scope of inflation now that's causing us the biggest challenge.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. And then lastly, John perhaps if you could just give us a little bit more detail on the demand outlook for some of the smaller businesses both in Fine Chemicals and in curatives and stabilizers?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, let me, I will start with Fine Chemicals once. Basically we are seeing pretty good demand in bromine. We're seeing as a result of that pretty good pricing momentum, particularly out of China on pricing. So, overall the cost of bromine changed pretty solid including a pickup in activity around our clear brines business. So, it is down year-over-year, but we're seeing nice improvement on a sequential basis in performance chemicals. In our Fine Chemistry business, we are getting really a hyped up about some of the new opportunities, not only in Ag, there is some proprietary work we're doing an Ag for some big Ag companies which is very exciting for us, but also in Fine chemistry. We've announced a number of kind of branding opportunities with Anthera and a smallpox vaccine with SIGA where J&J is actually involved in that and... so we're getting really pretty pumped up about the prospects of commercializing our pipeline in Fine Chemicals. The Polymer Additives business is the biggest volume, because all you have to do is listen to CNN for a little bit and you go, my god what is going on out there, but we are continuing to see a lot of resilience in our Polymer Additives volumes and we're starting our April pretty strong. So over all brominated flame retardants, volumes we see a good year-over-year volume growth, I would say more moderate sequentially but good year-over-year volume growth there. The mineral flame retardant business was soft in the first quarter, and I think that's a pretty good reflection of a couple of markets, home building and automotive. Automotive was in pretty sad shape over the last few months. So with that said, pretty good strength in electronics and maybe little weaker in the construction side I think.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. And then just to flog the horse a little bit; if the curatives and stabilizes with more niche market they are holding up fairly well?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, those are holding up pretty well. We got a new product curative product that we call SD10, we made a small announcement on that about a month ago and a lot excitement over that is for lining, for pickup truck linings and things like that, very durable curative, very broad based product that does what a good jobs. So, overall curatives we're pretty excited about it. The antioxidant business volumes is held up pretty strong in China and that business continues to do as we had expected when we initially did the deal. So that's meeting our expectations there. Fuel business, fuel antioxidants has been pretty as well.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, thank you.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Miner from Deutsche Bank, please proceed.
Jason Miner - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jason.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning.
Jason Miner - Deutsche Bank: Just re-circling to the raw facts. I wonder are you making any structural changes in either how you buy or how you sell your products in like this new environment.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Jason, let me give that a shot, I think if you look broadly speaking we've been very successful in creating pressure on suppliers by bringing new people into the market and things like that. We've done a good job collaring our raw materials so the rate of inflation would be checked or limited. But those days are gone. I think we're seeing…Everyone out there is desperate to cover this costs, so the market even if it's a contractual market it has just a lot more volatility to it and supplier who are demanding it, have the ability to past new cost at a faster pace indeed historically. So yeah we continue to do everything we can, but I think in this period of as John said hyper inflation, the willingness on the part of suppliers to seek incremental volume at the expense of potentially foregoing the ability to past through our cost in just not there.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: The only thing I'd add, Jason is we have made an absolute practice, a disciplined practice at making sure that our purchasing leadership is communicating what is going on in these raw material and energy markets almost on a daily basis. We want to make sure all our global sales and marketing and commercial people are aware of what's going on. So a good, solid explanation and rationale can be given to our customer base. So they understand what's happening here. I think that's probably the most significant behavioral change we have enacted in over the last six months. We have done it on a more routine, more processed way, as the recognition of this issue is probably one of the most important aspects and that especially a chemical company can demonstrate right now.
Jason Miner - Deutsche Bank: Well, it's very clear. Thank you. It sounds like it would be fair to characterize the selling environment as broadly supportive amongst your competitors in passing these sorts of things through?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Two varying degrees, I would say. Yeah.
Jason Miner - Deutsche Bank: Are there any specific trouble areas that you'd highlight where you folks might be trying to take share in this environment?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well. I can't say that in this environment some of our competitors would deliberately try to take share, but I do know that the cost inflation in FCC catalyst has been higher on an incremental and on a sequential basis than any of our other product lines. So the pricing gains we have made in FCC catalyst have not covered the raw material inflation in that sector on a sequential basis. So there has got to be a recognition of those input costs that are going up dramatically and something has to be done about it.
Jason Miner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Yeah, that's helpful. And then, just to focus on catalyst for a minute knowing that refiners are facing negative margins at the moment. I know this is a question you address often, but can you just remind us how that persist, how long does it impact you, how does this impact HPC versus FCC, how should we think about that kind of environment for your customers?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, HPC definitely was the more sour crudes. The importance of performance there becomes more and more important everyday because regulations are getting tighter, the crudes is getting more sour and the constraints and pressures on the refiner becoming even greater. So, the catalyst performance there is more and more important. On FCC, as the crudes have gotten heavier, more volatile, there really is, you have to have a robust high performance catalyst in there to do the job. So, that has only been heightened with the declining the margins at the refiner level.
Jason Miner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That's clear. And then lastly, can you help us gauge the size of the FX tailwind, I think there was if I understand correctly tailwind in catalyst, sort of an earnings level for the quarter?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We don't really talk about earnings. The impact I would say on the top line was 4% for the whole company. It wasn't disproportionately different than the catalyst business. I would say any attempt to stab at the bottom line impact, you then have to counter act with the fact that, the lower dollar and what that's doing for oil cost and gas cost. So, if that 4% top line or slightly that's in the third of our top line total growth is because of the weaker dollar.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: We're pretty naturally hedged because we've got, we have sales in Europe and we also have production in Europe, we have lot of expenses in Europe. We've broad base, so that's just to accentuate Rich's comment there is, creates enormous natural hedge for us against the Euro.
Jason Miner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison of KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Hey, good morning. Let's consider on a tough environment. In polymer additives, you talked about sort of strong pricing, you had price mix only up 2.4%. What was sort of the mix negative in the quarter?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, Mike, good observation. Year-over-year, our volume was up, mostly it was tetrabrom which is the lower priced product de facto. So that was probably the biggest mix effect that we had year-over-year. But sequentially, prices in bromine flame retardants were flat.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: For the squeeze in polymer additives profitability year-on-year going from let's say 16.07 to 12.02, that's mostly raw materials?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, yeah, I'd say mostly raw material and stabilizers and curatives, but there is also another effect that we haven't really talked about is year-over-year our production volume was significantly down like 15%.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: So our volume in polymer additives inventory was down, okay. Because as we mentioned sales were up, production was way down, it doesn't really show in our numbers because that backs and the raw material inflation is close to our working capital that was very significant.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: When do you think via pricing you can sort of close the gap between raw materials, or can you close the gap this year in polymer additives?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we believe we can't. We believe it's just going to take some more time to be really that stabilizers and curatives business. We're gaining a bit of traction out of the gate here in the first quarter in bromine flame retardants and we are getting prices up, not to the level of our announcement but I would say half of that level.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: So the operating rates for bromine flame retardants are what 70%, 80% and do you think that will continue and improve as the year progresses?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we believe so. That's the current view right now, Mike. We had a good what I would inventory correction in the fourth and first quarters, we pretty well work through that, so we got to keep our plants running pretty hard.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: So profitability year-on-year maybe start, should improve in the third quarter, right. But in the second quarter probably still a little bit... probably still squeeze a little bit year-on-year.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, but we were hoping for some improvement profitability wise in the second quarter with even greater improvement in the third quarter.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay. And you talked about earlier, I think Mark that you though comfortable with the outlook for HPC for the full year. Could you update us on how the order bidding is for the expansion and you start to use to give us percentages of how you felt it could be by the end of the year?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: I want to let John do that.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, thanks Mark. Our view and this might seem kind of boring figure, but our view hasn't change over the last few months. So from our last quarter and last quarter's call, we still have a consistent view on HPC, so that we're talking 40% of that capacity occupied this year with the balance in '09.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay, and then Rich, you had some other income that was sort of a positive that could you just... what was that?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it was just about a $1 million benefit from some debt we had over in Europe that was dollar denominated, so that comes through because of the changes in the rates, that was $0.01 [ph].
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay, so that doesn't persist going forward?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, if rates kept going in that direction we'd have that and if it went the other direction that would correct itself for the year so.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay. And then last one on Fine Chemicals in terms of. I guess similar question in Polymer Additives. You feel pretty good about closing the gap there for raw materials at some point in the year.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Absolutely Mike. One of the biggest issues we had in the Fine Chemicals was our purchases olefins which go into our means or intermediates business and our paper sizing business.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: And that created in the first quarter about a 100 basis points headwind for us, and we had announced that as soon as we saw these olefins go up so dramatically and in February, we announced pricing increases there to cover that raw material inflation. And it looks like we have achieved that in the second quarter.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay. So in total Mark, with raw materials being up; as I recall, maybe $60 million to $70 million higher than what you had thought in January, you still feel pretty good about the total year in terms of your outlook?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: We haven't, we are not changing that. I think we are trying to be clear that we think the next three quarters is going to be a bit tougher than the first quarter if these prices continue to roll through.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are seeing strength in our business. But when we look at it from an overall year point of view we don't see anything that would change our perspective to that.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar from Citi. Please proceed.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Yeah. Hi, good morning.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Good morning, a couple of questions. First on Fine Chemicals. Margins are down significantly year-on-year, and the performance doesn't seem to be that consistent. I mean I would have thought that this segment should be resistant to the economy. What's going on there? Is it the lumpiness of the business or something else going on?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I'd say PJ, a big piece of this issue of olefins that I mentioned, that's about 100 basis point decline sequentially. And my guess is probably a 150 basis point decline year-over-year. And hat's a big portion of the decline year-over-year. So you are right. The margins in the first quarter of '07 were just a hair over 16%, and now we are 14.6%. But for the year we are still very bullish on this business and feel actually more excited about the pipeline than we ever have been. But we are dealing with tremendous amount of raw material inflation and then in a couple of more distinct businesses that's been affected in means and I say this. Now with that said, we also had a very strong first quarter in our clear brines area, and that was a pretty distinct year-over-year decline. But we are seeing that improve sequentially now and saw really nice sequential business in our clear brine actually sequentially, those volumes are up almost 20%. But the decline year-over-year was pretty significant and amounted to another 150 basis points to 200 basis points decline on a year-over-year basis. So, your observations are right, I'd say its raw material and due to olefins and that clear brines business year-over-year.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: And how big is this paper sizing business that you mentioned?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: It's… Rarely do we go down to that level of granularity. But we sell depending on the amount, about $1 million to $2 million a month of product there.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay. And then another clarification question. You said your HPC, hydroprocessing volumes were down 5% and that is despite the new plant starting up. So, what's going on? I thought you with the new plant you would have gotten volume growth?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well we say down 5%, but that's the equivalent of probably one order or half order. So, we've continue to try to explain kind of the lumpy nature of our HPC business. But this was in line with our expectation for the year. We were sold, everything we produced we sold in '07 and in '08, we're seeing a pretty bullish volumes so we need to produce for future orders.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: P.J., I think I'd just add to that and you kind of… if you recall this or not but we actually built inventory quite dramatically in the third and fourth quarter last year for this unprecedented sales volume we had in the first quarter of 2007. So you got a little bit of an anomaly there quarter-to-quarter, but as John said sequentially, we're seeing this business grow. We've said all along we expect to be in the 50% range by the end of this year in terms of operating utilization of this unit and we don't see anything change that and you are seeing that reflected in the profitability of the business. So it's strong, I don't think as John said, I wouldn't read too much into those numbers unless you go back and look at each month's volume and understand what's happening here.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: And just one last question. There was an earlier question about refine… negative refining margins. Refinery runs had been cut and so could that be a negative surprise in the second half?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't know. I think yeah, I mean refinery margins are under more pressure today than it were, if you look back last year and year before that, is that going to have ripple effect. I kind of don't think so. I mean it's hard for refineries to sit down and actually start cutting throughput in this period of unprecedented demand and time. So my gut is that that's going to sold itself out due to higher prices at the pump and in the by-products. So we haven't seen that 110 in my opinion that $110, $120 barrel as John talked about roll over to the by-product shift. That's what refinery should telling you when you said the margins were down.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: And I only add that our fundamental belief is that our catalyst improved refining margins.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Right. Okay. Thank you.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, P.J.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Dmitry Silversteyn from Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Good morning, gentlemen, congratulation on getting off to a good start in a very difficult environment. A lot of my questions have been answered. But kind of looking at the fine chemicals business and the margins that you posted in the beginning of last year versus the margins that you posted in the second half of last year and so far this year. What does it going to take to get the margins up kind of back into the high teen, 17, 18, I'm not talking 20% margin? Is that a question of getting clear brine fluids up and running or some of your smaller volume research projects heading a stride to maybe getting into a phase III or something like that? What, or is it just the strictly mix in raw material issue?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, yes, yes, it's really – just as you said, Dimitry, it's getting a passthrough on the raw material inflation that we've seen. It's continuing rebound in clear brines, which we fundamentally believe, especially with oil at $120 a barrel it's going to happen. And we see that, though it is a fairly volatile business for us. And then it's commercializing a new product pipeline, where we see some really nice opportunities blossoming for the second half of the year. So it's a combination of all those activities, but those are the highlights.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. So basically we're starting out at a level of the profitability level in the first quarter. Given what you said, it sounds like it should be at that level or slightly better as the year unfolds?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: That's our belief. That's correct.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. Second question and it was a little bit addressed by Mike earlier. Your price increases or your average price increases in Polymer Additives up about 3 percentage points in the quarter. I think that was – well, actually 2%. That was – the low was going back about three years, and this comes in at a time, as you yourself said, where there is unprecedented inflation in raw materials. Are the customers becoming more resistant to price increases? Is it taking you – is it more difficult to justify them or is it just a question that you got moving a little bit late in the quarter to get the full price increase realized and we should see kind of more like high single digit price increases as the year unfolds?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, I think it's a combination of effects. It's the declining volume environment of '07. And with the turn into '08, we're seeing stronger volumes. And that always helps in terms of getting price increases through. But the bigger effect, I would say, in our business year-over-year, from first quarter '07 to first quarter '08, was a mix effect, which is basically a healthy thing for us as our Tetrabrom volumes rebounded nicely. So what we do is, as you said, we've got to get these prices up. In particular, in mineral flame retardants, there's a lot of ATH inflation going on there. And in the phosphorous flame retardants, we have had lot of unprecedented levels of increases in phosphorous-based products now. The last effect is the whole phenol chain in our antioxidant and related products in stabilizers and curatives. We've got to get that margin up in the business. It's basically dragging the entire polymer portfolio down a bit. So – and that is where we see the most rampant inflationary impact.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. So it would be fair to say that the pricing was actually up about mid single-digits, but you had a negative mix component in there?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, that's true.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay, good. And then final question. Your equity income continues to grow at a pretty nice clip and is becoming kind of a meaningful driver of earnings. Can you give us a little bit more detail of what's in your equity income line, kind of what are the major JVs that are being accounted for there?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: And how they are doing and what their projections are for the balance of the year?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, you bet. There's, I'd say, three important ones. There is our alkyls JV in Japan with Mitsui and that's doing better, some new products kicking in, and our alkyls price increase even in Japan is doing better than expected. Our Nippon Ketjen joint venture out of Japan did actually a bit better sequentially. It's not near where we would like to see it, but it's improving sequentially. We had hoped for a pretty good uptick in the second quarter. It looks like that's rolling into the third quarter now. And then most significantly, I would say, would be our FCC SA – FCC catalyst joint venture with Petrobras in South America. And those volumes and price level are doing just fine. A lot of unprecedented raw material inflation in that venture down in South America as well. So we've got to continue to work to get pricing up down there to offset this raw material inflation. But it's a combination of primarily those three.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Shaw of UBS. Please proceed.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Yeah, hi. Good morning, guys. How are you doing?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Shaw - UBS: You covered most of things, but I had a question on – can we see the natural gas surcharges come back in from – was it FCCs – or are they still in place? And just curiously, how much of that raw material inflation is natural gas?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, the raw material inflation, the view today is about $30 million out of the total. But that was when natural gas was at just a hair over 10, and I think maybe it is at 10.80 this morning. So to answer your question and we have got to cover that, so it's either got to be done through just price per ton or it's got to be done through some surcharge kind of implementation. But it has a big impact. Every dollar per million BTU impacts the company by a nickel. And the majority of that goes into FCC. So the answer to your question is, yes, we've got to recognize that and reflect that in our price level.
Chris Shaw - UBS: When you had to pass surcharges on, did they just roll off when natural gas went back down?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, they did. There was a trigger point what they used to be, but our FCC margins were pretty sad then. That was a matter of desperation more than anything.
Chris Shaw - UBS: And they're not contractually retriggered when it goes up?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: In some agreements, yeah, they are in there. But it depends what the price level is, what the application is and a lot of variables, Chris. But it's not automatically across our entire portfolio. But this unprecedented inflation triggers additional action and we look at these things almost every day.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay. And then quickly on clear brines, why have they been weak? Aren't they just sort of related to drilling activity?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, I wish I could answer that question. That business, we get no lead time. We get a call on a Friday night to ship out a couple of hundred tons of products over the weekend. It's a difficult business to really understand and it's really real-time online. So – but the fundamentals of that business, with oil at $120 a barrel, I mean, production companies are going to seek to procure every additional barrel they can at this kind of level. So, I think it's just – it's kind of somewhat a mix effect and it's a geographic effect. But at the end of the day we're seeing stronger drilling today than we did over the last six months. And we're seeing it go deeper, which requires more bromine content and overall the fundamentals of that business are perfect [ph].
Chris Shaw - UBS: Thanks. All right, good job. Thanks a lot.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy of Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Thanks. Good morning. Kevin McCarthy.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Mark, you mentioned that the Sorbent Technologies deal has potential to expand demand for bromine. Would you explain why that's the case and how significant could that be?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Kevin, the fundamental technology that's being used to control mercury is one have taken, activating carbon and impregnated with bromine or some inorganic bromide. And then that's injected into the flue as a powder, and then that – the bromine catalyzes a reaction that creates mercury bromide, which stays on the carbon. And then it goes out in the ash collection system of these power plants. If you take and look at it from a broad perspective, we anticipate that in the US we could see bromine demand by the turn of this decade or early next – few years after that 2010 to 2012 we would see an additional 30 million pounds of bromine – I am sorry, 30,000 tons of bromine demand increase. The global bromine production today is between 5 and 600,000 tons. So you are seeing a pretty dramatic and of course it's much lower than that in the US, pretty dramatic uptick. The other place this could really apply beyond the US is in China, and it's too early to tell what that holds. But we are pretty excited by dialogue that's already started to occur in China to use this technology. So net-net you could see the global demand of bromine being really impacted in a very favorable way through this process.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Great. And then, John, shifting gears to raw materials. If I look at the headwind on raw materials that you experienced in the first quarter, and net against that the various selling price increases that you've implemented, how much of a drag do you think it was in the quarter on a net basis?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, it's such a relative question, Kevin, because if we didn't have it, our profitability would've been higher in some product lines. So it was sequentially $20 million. And I would say roughly – I haven't looked at it in terms of the way you are questioning me, but I would say about half of that we need to work through. We were surprised by the relative degree of it, and we think we can get going forward.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: So it sounds like maybe you have under recovered by about $10 million or so. Is that fair?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, I would say directionally in that order of magnitude.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Okay, certainly moving target, I know.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, yes.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: But it is difficult when your exposure is so broad and it's very difficult to model explicitly that way. So I think of it in terms of a gap that you need to recover.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, it's a very good point, because we used to see, as Mark mentioned in his comments, a lot of tremendous metals volatility and inflation. And now with oil, I think it hit 118 this morning and that is becoming a much more broader issue that we have got to deal with. But your point is dead on.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: And then finally, Bisphenol has been in the headlines recently. How would you characterize your risk, or lack thereof, in molecules like Tetrabrom, since you are a large buyer of BPA? If that were to be phased out several years down the road, let's say, do you have alternative chemistry that you could employ or would there be any meaningful impact to you?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think BPA is coming under a lot of attack. And that concern has primarily been directed towards BPA that is coming in contact with formulas and waters and things like that that can be consumed especially by children. BPA is found to some extent in the environment, so there's more broader concern about that product. In Tetrabrom's case, Tetrabrom is a reactive product, primarily in its use today. So the BPA is fully bound, so it is much like a polycarbonate or something else. I mean, it doesn't fundamentally exist after the reaction. So my fundamental belief system is that it is not going to be impacted by that. Having said that, John and his team are doing a lot of work to find other alternatives for polymer additives or flame retardants or reactive flame retardants or polymer flame retardants that go into these applications. So we are not sitting idly by and claiming everything is great. We are working hard to make sure should we get concerned about that product or somebody else get concerned about it, that we've got viable options.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Then last question, Rich, what is your latest thought on the tax rate for the year?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Kevin, the beauty of the accounting for income taxes now is that you basically have to book to what you think your full rate is. So what you should be using, our best point estimate right now is the number we book to X the special items, right? So 22.3 is the number that we would say is our best estimate right at this moment. And I hope it is going to be higher, because if it is higher that means we made more money.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Very good. Thank you, guys.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Steve Schwartz of First Analysis. Please proceed.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Corp.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi Steve.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Corp.: On the Bayport expansion and so forth, I think for the year we've all been talking on previous calls double-digit volume growth. And just based on the first quarter and then the outlook you're giving for sequential quarters, do you still expect that we could be above 10% volume growth in this business for '08?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. I think I commented earlier too, Steve, that we're being very boring in that regards. So that's a good thing.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Corp.: Okay. And then – on the pricing, as I tally up the price increases, in the fourth quarter you put out – and I recognize this is crude, but you put out like 10 announcements. And so far this year you've got six. So as we look at how those carry through and the effectiveness of them, you've got quite a bit of a gap, so would you expect that you're going to be putting out a significant number of announcements? Or how do you expect that you'll overcome this?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, there is no question what we're seeing is unprecedented. So to answer your question, I think, yes, and we've got to continue to drive it. We've got to understand internally exactly how much we're dealing with and what the issues are on a business-by-business basis, which we're doing. And then communicate to our customer base around the globe. Because, yes, what we're seeing is just, I would say, historical levels.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Corp.: Yes. Okay. So that being said, as late as March at various conferences and so forth, I think you've expressed a certain comfort with hitting 280 on the year, and I know you don't give guidance. But do you still feel comfortable hitting – coming in, in that range?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I think as I said earlier, we're not making any forecasts. But we are – we think we have a strong business and we're going to do our best to have a great year.
Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Corp.: Great. Okay, thanks. Look forward to seeing you all in Houston.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: All right.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Steve.
Operator: You may proceed with your closing remarks.
Sandra Rodriguez - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Cynthia. I would like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. And if you have any further questions, you can contact me at the number indicated on the press release. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. Your conference call has finished. Have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sandra B. Rodriguez - IR Mark C. Rohr - President and CEO John M. Steitz - EVP and COO Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Chris Shaw - UBS Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co. Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities LLC James Sheehan - Deutsche Bank North America P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets / McDonald Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Edward Yang - Oppenheimer Steve Schuman - New Vernon Associates Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2007 Albemarle Corporate Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lisa and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Sandra Rodriguez, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Sandra B. Rodriguez - Investor Relations: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today for a review of Albemarle's fourth quarter results which were released after the close of the market yesterday. Our press release contains preliminary results for the quarter, and this information is subject to further review by the company and our auditors as part of our year-end audit process. Please note that we have posted supplemental sales information as well as reconciliations for net debt and EBITDA on our website under the Investor Information section at www.albemarle.com. I'd also like to caution that the remarks today contain forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause results to differ from expectations are listed in our annual report on Form 10-K. Participating with me on the call this morning are Mark Rohr, President and CEO; John Steitz, Executive Vice President and COO; and Rich Diemer, Senior Vice President and CFO. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Sandra, and good morning to everyone. We are pleased to have the opportunity to share our fourth quarter and year-end results today, and we look forward to answering your questions after our brief remarks. Before I go into the results, I'll mention a few highlights from the quarter. First, our new hydroprocessing catalyst plant in Bayport, Texas is up and running and producing catalysts for first quarter delivery. We're very proud of this new state-of-the-art facility which will add 10,000 metric tons of capacity, which is needed to satisfy demand this year and next. Since we last spoke, we also announced a major expansion of our Polyolefin Catalyst production facility in Baton Rouge, which is expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of this year. The expansion positions Albemarle with the capacity to meet strong catalyst growth demands from the world's leading high-performance polyolefin producers. We do expect sales from this unit to begin late in this year. Innovation, environmental stewardship and social responsibility are obligations that our company prides itself on. One great example of our commitment to these principles of sustainability is our new halogen-free flame retardant. You may have seen the recent press release that introduces our ANTIBLAZE product used in flexible foams and furniture and cars. The product has been produced in a unique way that makes it non-persistent and non-bioaccumulative by EPA criteria. We're very pleased to offer this extremely effective flame retardant as an ideal solution for foam makers. This product also ushers in a new era of development at Albemarle with products designed specifically to eliminate risk and legacy concern. We also have a few organizational announcements to share with you. George Newbill, Executive Vice President of Manufacturing Operations, has announced his intention to retire in the first quarter of this year. George has been a significant contributor to our success over the last 40 years. We will all miss George and his unwavering commitment to Albemarle and to all of us. Luke Kissam will succeed George Newbill and assume management responsibility for Albemarle's global manufacturing operations. Luke brings years of strategic business management experience in the manufacturing, chemical and agricultural industries to this new role. He joined Albemarle in September 2003. Prior to joining Albemarle, Luke served in strategic roles with Merisant, a manufacturer and marketer of sweeteners and consumer products, and before that with Monsanto Company, a leading provider of agricultural products and solutions. We're also announcing the promotion of John Kasbaum to Division Vice President, Alternative Fuels Technology. John was deeply involved in forming our partnership with UOP. The tremendous success we're having with this venture and John's extensive industry knowledge position him well to lead Albemarle's alternative fuels technology efforts into the future. Now moving to the company results. I'm pleased to announce sales of $599 million for the fourth quarter, up 2.5% year-over-year and 2.6% sequentially, yielding net income for the quarter of $58.6 million or $0.60 per share. For the year, net income increased 16% excluding special items, which translate into earnings of $2.40 per share for the year. Operating profits and segment income margins increased by more than 200 basis points year-over-year. Following a year of transformation, our restructured Fine Chemicals segment realized an incredible 40% year-over-year improvement in annual operating profit, providing segment income margins excluding special items of 16.2% compared to 10.2% in 2006. Both Fine Chemistry Services and Performance Chemicals delivered impressive year-over-year results. Fourth quarter results were slightly weaker than expected on product mix and softness in demand for clear brine fluids, yielding fourth quarter segment income margin of 13.5%, which is relatively flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. We expect organic growth in Performance Chemicals and new opportunities in Fine Chemistry Services to drive further year-over-year improvements in this business. Our Polymer Additives segment saw modest top line year-over-year and sequential gains in the quarter. Most noteworthy is the turnaround in our tetrabrom business that had not seen significant... they have seen significant weakness through the first three quarters of the year. December was our strongest revenue month of the year for tetrabrom. We are encouraged by the strengthening in recent months and expect to see continued growth as we head into 2008. Our Catalysts segment finished a record year in both sales and segment income. December was also a record revenue month, driving double-digit growth in the fourth quarter revenues to $235 million and segment income to $42 million. The new hydroprocessing plant is producing high quality product to meet expected demand growth this year and through 2009. We're already seeing strong demand for refinery catalysts that could not be filled were it not for this new unit. The business is showing good progress in FCC catalyst pricing strategy as well and we expect to see the benefits of our latest increase realized throughout 2008. Now let me briefly comment on input costs. Raw materials and energy costs increased a staggering $23.8 million over fourth quarter 2006. Global energy, raw materials and material... and metals pricing have reached new plateaus relative to historic levels. China is having significant and unpredictable impacts on moly and rare earths, alumina, and BPA pricing. As a point of reference, in the past 12 months, moly has increased from $26 a pound to $32; cobalt from $17 to $30; and both continue to rise as we speak. Tin is up 5.8 million and alumina up 2.3 million quarter-over-quarter. Our team faced over $77 million of raw material and energy inflation in 2007. That's the equivalent of $0.60 of earnings headwinds year-over-year, and still managed to increase our earnings 16%. Looking ahead, we expect similar levels of inflation in 2008 and will obviously continue with pricing and cost reduction efforts to help offset this margin pressure. You may have also noted we increased our R&D spending by approximately 35% in 2007 and have forecasted another double-digit increase for 2008. Our capable research teams continue to build intellectual property and bring to market the most technologically advanced products that our customers expect. Over $500 million or 25% of our 2007 sales are from new products developed within the past five years. As our customers and the world demand more environmentally safe products, our focus is to continue developing and manufacturing products that are environmentally sound and support a sustainable business model. Now let me close with a few comments on the outlook for the year. In 2007, we were challenged by raw material inflation and sluggish demand in some of the end markets we serve. Each of our businesses had to work harder than ever before to deliver solid year-over-year earnings growth. While doing so, they also improved our business foundation in a way that will help us repeat our success in 2008. In Polymer Additives, I'm optimistic we have turned the corner with brominated flame retardants, and I expect modest volume growth through 2008 and also expect pricing traction needed to offset the raw material inflation we're facing, except for alumina, where 20 plus million dollars of inflation will challenge our mineral FRs early in the year. Fine Chemicals is on track to drive volume and pricing in our bromine franchise and we have a number of exciting new opportunities in our Fine Chemistry Services business. The breadth of our refinery catalyst portfolio, our world-leading organometallic technology and our technical services capability positions our Catalysts segment to achieve another year of record setting growth. As our businesses hone their strategies for sustainable growth, we're focusing on the areas that drive our success: value delivery, manufacturing discipline, leading technology and customer service. We see tremendous growth opportunities in Asia and in the Middle East; and when I combine those opportunities with our new product introductions that are planned and base business growth that we expect, 2008 will end with Albemarle delivering solid revenue and earnings growth. Now with that, let me turn it over to John Steitz.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Mark. I will begin with our Fine Chemicals segment. Net sales for the quarter totaled $131 million with segment income of just under $18 million. While our Performance Chemicals business delivered strong sales this quarter, clear brines, as mentioned earlier, demand into the Gulf of Mexico was down in the quarter. This negatively impacted Fine Chemicals' profit and margins. Our clear brines performance is consistent with reports from oil service providers and the decline in overall rig count in the Gulf of Mexico. For the year, our completion fluids profit performance increased more than 20% year-over-year and now we are seeing improved volumes into 2008. Our Fine Chemistry Services and intermediates business continues to deliver solid results on very strong margins. Just as a reminder, the Tamiflu intermediates business came in the second half of 2006, and therefore results in negative revenue comparisons to the third and fourth quarters of this year. Absent the Tamiflu business in 2007, our fourth quarter segment income in Fine Chemistry Services showed a marginal increase from 2006 and over 20% improvement from the third quarter of 2007. On our total year comparison, the Fine Chemistry Services segment income improved 30% over 2006, clearly a reflection of the team's efforts to drive the business with higher margin pharmaceutical and agricultural intermediate products. Among the promising pharmaceuticals we're developing are ones that could help reduce harmful cholesterol levels and another that suppresses the onset of Alzheimer's disease. Moving on to the Polymer Additives segment, Polymer Additives' net sales for the fourth quarter totaled $234 million, up 2% from the fourth quarter of 2006 and up slightly year-over-year. Polymers' fourth quarter segment income is $30.3 million, up almost $1 million sequentially. This is the first sequential improvement we have seen in a year. Strong performance in our tetrabrom and stabilizers and curatives business was offset by increased raw material costs. Our brominated flame retardants demonstrated the start of a turnaround in the fourth quarter with sales up just over 8% sequentially, but still lagging by approximately the same percentage from the fourth quarter of 2006. Tetrabrom sales increased at an encouraging double-digit rate sequentially. However, in the fourth quarter, the market declined for a number of our highly specialized products, primarily into the construction and automotive industries. This affected mix and reduced segment profitability. We see this segment improving through the course of 2008. Our stabilizers and curatives business showed solid performance this quarter with pricing improvements contributing to increased segment income. Now moving on to Catalysts, Catalysts' net sales for the third quarter totaled $235 million, an increase of 22% over the fourth quarter of 2006 and 8% over last quarter. Segment income for the quarter was $42 million compared to $30 million in the fourth quarter of last year and $41 million last quarter. 2007 was a record breaking year in several areas. To name a few, Polyolefin Catalysts delivered double-digit profit growth from the fourth quarter of 2006, closing the year with record setting profits in this business. HPC refinery catalysts saw an all-time high sales month in December as well as total year sales and FCC refinery catalysts set a record in segment income profit for the second consecutive quarter. Pricing momentum, volume growth and execution were the key drivers to closing out a record sales and profit year for the Catalysts segment and our team will stay focused on stepping up innovation to sustain our technological lead and deliver superior products and service to our customers. So with that, let me turn it over to Rich Diemer for comments on the financial results.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John, and good morning to all. The items I would like to cover on today's call include taxes for the quarter, the year, and the year ahead; corporate and other expenses; cash flow; and our year-end balance sheet and financial position. Let's start with taxes. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 17.1%, resulting in a full year effective tax rate of 19.8%. Both the quarter and full year benefit from a favorable mix of earnings from tax-free or lower rate tax jurisdictions, principally JBC, our Jordanian-based bromine venture and the Belgian trading and finance company, which is now the hub for our European operations. In 2008, we will continue to focus on tax efficiency but feel that incremental income is more likely to be earned in locations that will push our tax rate higher. Our guidance for full year 2008 is a range of 23.5 to 24.5% for our effective tax rate. Unallocated corporate expenses were $12.3 million in the quarter, down $2.4 million from the prior year end and consistent with the level we discussed at the end of last quarter. Our outlook for next year is for corporate expenses of approximately $55 million for the year. Our EBITDA this quarter was $107 million. Full year EBITDA was $435 million, up 11% year-over-year and we anticipate 2008 EBITDA to press the $500 million level, up 15%. We ended the quarter with cash and equivalents of $131 million. CapEx for the quarter was $27 million and $99 million for the full year. We are planning for 2008 CapEx of $90 million. Depreciation and amortization was $27 million in the quarter and $107 million for the year. We are projecting next year depreciation and amortization of $105 million to $110 million. In Q4, we repurchased 1.1 million shares of our stock. For the year, we repurchased and retired approximately 2.4 million shares for $101 million, an average of $42.71 a share. We expect to continue to deploy a portion of our cash and cash flow to share repurchases and we have 4.3 million shares authorized under our current repurchase program. Between repurchase activity and our dividend, we returned over $140 million to our shareholders in 2007, more than a 120% increase over 2006. At year end, we have consolidated debt of $724 million, including $70 million of debt from JBC, our Jordanian venture and Jinhai, our Chinese antioxidant ventures. $396 million of our debt is fixed rate and $328 million is floating rate, a 55:45 split. Our floating debt interest rate is 5.35 at year end. The weighted average interest rate for Q4 was 5.3%. Net of 131 million cash on hand and excluding $43 million of non-guaranteed JBC and Jinhai debt, our net debt is $550 million. Our year-end ratios are all improved by about 500 basis points year-over-year. Debt to cap is 34.7% and net debt to cap is 30%. And with that, I'll hand it back over to Sandra.
Sandra B. Rodriguez - Investor Relations: Thanks Rich. Okay, we would like to open it up for your questions now. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Shaw from EDS [ph]. Please proceed.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Yes, good morning. Good quarter. Thanks guys. I was... can you just talk briefly just about the strength in tetrabrom and what you are seeing, and what has changed since I guess you guys last talked? I think actually last time you talked, I think you were seeing some strength at the beginning of the quarter. But could you just talk about that a little bit?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, I would be happy to, Chris. This is John Steitz. You know, through the course of 2006, we really saw very strong volumes, in particular in the fourth quarter of last year, and that defied what some of the indicators were, like the booked and billed report.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Right.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: So we thought through the course of '06 there was really a buildup in the supply chain of inventory, which we have been really correcting for, particularly in the third quarter of '07. We had our biggest decline then, and we were hoping for sequential improvement in tetrabrom, and that's what we saw. And basically, I think a much more realistic supply chain inventory situation is out there. So we feel pretty good about continuing to improve volumes through the course of '08 as well.
Chris Shaw - UBS: What's the latest book-to-bill look like?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I haven't seen the one for December, but I know October and November were slightly above 1.0, which is a reasonable indicator.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Right. Curiously, is there... I forgot. Did Tamiflu... do the benefits of Tamiflu extend into 2007? Or was it just the second half of '06?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No, it was all the third and fourth quarter, particularly the fourth quarter of '06. And really what happened there was our customer wanted us to include their intermediates in the pricing of the product. So it wasn't so much a... it really diluted the margin at that time.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay. And then finally...
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: It accelerated sales artificially is what I am saying.
Chris Shaw - UBS: And then finally, in Catalysts, I was just looking at your pricing trends in Catalysts, and obviously there was a big spike up in the fourth quarter. Is that just sort of reflecting the mix shift into more HPCs and is that signaling the beginning of the changeouts?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, let me comment. Our HPC volumes sequentially were pretty flat. So the inflation there more reflects the increase in moly prices. So that's kind of the HPC story. The pure pricing play was more in FCC, where we achieved in the quarter an average price over the course of the quarter of $2700 a ton. So we're pleased with that. As you know, we've been leading that effort, and we've announced this additional increase for 2008 that we're working on right now.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Great, thanks a lot.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You're welcome.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. Please proceed.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Good morning.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Laurence.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi Laurence.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: I guess first question is in Fine Chemicals, can you walk us through how much the impact was from the clear brine fluids, both on the volumes and on the margin? Just a little bit more detail there.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, I would be happy to Laurence. This is John again. So if you look at the fourth quarter, year-on-year, the profit, just in absolute dollar values, if you can bear with me on that, the profit declined year-over-year about $5 million. Raw materials and energy year-over-year impacted that business by about $5 million as well. The clear brines was about year-over-year and sequentially both about $3 million impact. So it's a combination of both. We also year-over-year had some weakness in our ag intermediates business, and that's more just a reflection of order pattern. It looks like it's picking up in the first quarter. Sequentially, the profit was down $3 million in Fine Chemicals; and raw materials and energy were almost that entire amount, it was about $3 million as well. You know, primarily natural gas increases sequentially. And we had a range of fairly dramatic increases in olefins; that is ethylene based. Caustic, we saw really ramp up in the quarter and we began to see some ATH inflation that infected both Fine Chemicals and polymers at that time. Also, the sequential, as I mentioned earlier, impact on clear brines was about $3 million, so that was both sequentially and year-over-year.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: And when you look at the pipeline for the pharmaceutical intermediates, I mean they are typically fairly lumpy. Do you think there is... that's going to be a swing factor in your favor to offset... to help offset the raw material pressure in '08, or how should we think about likely margin pressure in '08?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, we feel pretty good about the pipeline in our Fine Chemistry businesses. And we're hopeful, just like in our Fine Chemistry Services sector in the fourth quarter, we more than offset that loss of the Tamiflu business on a profit basis. It was just on the revenue that... because of that... the artificial inflation, because we included the intermediates from our customer in that sale. But we feel real good about the pipeline, yes.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: And then in the Catalysts...
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: So the real question is where are margins going in Fine Chemicals? And we hope to exceed the '07 levels in '08 and be north of 16% for that business in '08 and we feel good about that.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: And then in Catalysts, can you walk through what we're seeing in terms of the pricing trends in polyolefin catalysts, and how much you're expanding capacity and when that will be on stream?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, there is two segments of our polyolefin catalysts business. There is our organometallic business and then there is pure new catalyst. And the new catalysts are really priced based on that given molecule, and so there is a big mix effect there in that business. But our organometallic product line, we've seen very solid year-over-year increases in terms of pricing, the order of magnitude like 40%. And... but that business is also, as we go into '08, with tin and alumina and ethylene all impact the cost structure there. So we're evaluating a pricing strategy right now in our organometallic business.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: And then, I guess, just lastly on the HPC new capacity that you're bringing on stream, what's the mix in that? I mean should we see a favorable margin impact as that ramps up, or is that going to be a drag on margins?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Laurence, this is Mark. When we look at the mix of that, it's favorable. So we expect that that unit is going to boost our margins year-over-year.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Laurence.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy from Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi Kevin.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities LLC: Yes, good morning.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities LLC: Can you comment a little bit on what you're seeing on the M&A front in terms of potential for bolt-on acquisitions? And more broadly, how would you characterize propensity to redeploy your free cash flow, buy acquisitions as opposed to increased or accelerated repurchase activity given the volatility in the stock market recently?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Kevin, we always remain very active in the M&A market, as you know. There is a lot of activity out there. We've looked recently at a couple of businesses that couldn't quite meet our expectations internally in terms of the earnings requirement post an acquisition. We just didn't have, we felt, a strong enough story to justify even the bolt-on in that scenario. But I'm cautiously optimistic as I look out there that in the unsettling times that we see today, there are going to be continued properties that come available. And we have kind of a unique foundation, and we should see opportunities to do some bolt-ons as this year progresses and we get into next year. We've been pretty Solomon-like with our money over the last several years and spread it around a lot of different areas. But of course, we did step up a lot of our equity repurchase last year. I don't want to forecast what we'll do this year, but in our opinion the stock is way undervalued today. And so we're going to look at free cash flow and if we don't need it to do acquisitions, we'll be looking heavily at equity buyback.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities LLC: Okay. We'll stay tuned there. A question on Fine Chemicals for John. If I look at the volume number of negative 24%, how much of that would you attribute to Tamiflu? And then a related question, I heard you say that you thought margins could improve in '08 versus '07. What about volumes? What's your outlook given the project pipeline that you have in Fine Chemistry Services et cetera?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You bet, Kevin. The... I mean, majority, I think 80% of the volume impact was the Tamiflu. So really that's a mix issue because the volume there was very, very small. I mean, it was probably less than 2% of the total Fine Chemicals volume was Tamiflu. So it was really a mix effect there. Then you have year-over-year, the other volume decline we saw was in that clear brines business. So that declined year-over-year about 7, 8%. So the other... the two... the real pure volume impact was on clear brines. We see... that was really just our clear brines business in the completion area. It's not linear, and we're seeing a good start to '08 in that business. We're also seeing some new applications with more horizontal drilling occurring. We are seeing more frac opportunities in that business. So overall for '08, the fundamentals are very strong. And we see volume growth in '08 for our Fine Chemicals business both in our performance chemicals sector and the fine chemistry services area. So we feel that the business from a sales perspective has absolutely bottomed out and revenue growth through the course of '08 will be strong at slightly higher segment margins.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then finally, where is your bromine operating rate these days? And how would you expect that to trend the next couple quarters?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: We're still probably in the 75% range on bromine operating rates, primarily year-over-year in '07, primarily... primary driver is brominated flame retardants. So we'll have to see how the economy goes, but we have got room, certainly room to increase operating rates there. But that's really not the way we're running the business with the margin improvement year-over-year. We will match our bromine operating rates to what is needed in the marketplace.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Banc of America Securities LLC: Understood. Thank you very much.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Kevin.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Delentutor [ph] from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi David.
James Sheehan - Deutsche Bank North America: Hi, this is James Sheehan sitting in for David this morning.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay, great, James.
James Sheehan - Deutsche Bank North America: Hi. Yes, just on hydroprocessing catalysts, do you see the refill cycles for 2008 and 2009 looking stronger now than they did three months ago? And do you still expect about 10 to 12% volume growth in 2008?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, James, we are... I think as we started last year, we were talking about the '08-'09 cycle and we projected... as we got into last year, we projected a 50% operating rate for the new unit that was... that we were bringing on stream. And we certainly are seeing that materialize probably, and then some. We should have, as we look at it, a strong early part of the year, weakness in the middle of the year and strong second half of the year. So I mean, the thing does kind of roll through it a little bit. But I think our volume year-over-year is going to be up north of 10% and then maybe press 20% if everything comes in the way we think it should. As we look at '09, again, some of the indications are early, but we've won a number of the new opportunities that are out there, and so our confidence level to repeat that performance in 2009 is starting to grow. And so we feel pretty good about our ability to keep driving Catalysts performance and record setting trends that are there.
James Sheehan - Deutsche Bank North America: Okay. So on the Bayport expansion, you are looking at that being 50% utilization, you said?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: For the year, yes.
James Sheehan - Deutsche Bank North America: For the year?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: They will be higher than first quarter, lower in the second and third, and higher in the fourth. And we haven't worked out exactly the calculus on that. It depends on when the refineries call us and delivery schedule. But that's kind of the cycle we see, but it should average 50%, yes.
James Sheehan - Deutsche Bank North America: Okay. Then on Fine Chemicals, can you update us on your outlook for volumes and margins there in 2008? And a related question, do you have... are you able to scale back on costs in Fine Chemicals with the volumes dipping?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. James, this is John Steitz. So, roughly the volume is not such an issue in Fine Chemicals because it is such a mixed play. As a matter of fact, we have the lowest volume product lines generate the highest margin for us like in our specialty pharma sector. I mean our volumes are less than 1% of our total Fine Chemicals volume, but comprise much heavier weighting of the profit there. But we do see volume growth in '08, and we see top line growth in '08, and we hope at this point that it will exceed 10% total sales revenue growth for Fine Chemicals. And we are hoping for a slight improvement on margins through the course of '08 as well compared for the year, '07 to '08. As I said, better we hope than 16%.
James Sheehan - Deutsche Bank North America: Thank you. And lastly, in brominated flame retardants, what is your latest thinking on capacity expansions in view of what you are seeing on volumes there?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, right now, we are doing some debottlenecking on some of the specialties that we have, and we've got a number of cost reduction capital projects kicking in through the course of '08 as well. But we do not see at this point any significant or material capacity expansions in flame retardants right now.
James Sheehan - Deutsche Bank North America: Okay. Thank you very much.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks James.
Operator: Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Please proceed.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Yes, good morning.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: How much of your brominated flame retardant molecule goes into construction versus electronics? Can you give us some ballpark number?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, I would say the order of magnitude of 10%. And then automotive would be probably 20% with electronics being the balance.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay. Electronic business picked up for many of your competitors in the fourth quarter. Not competitors in the brominated flame retardant, but generally people who supply to that industry. And with that, then why are your volumes lagging in electronics?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, P.J., we saw sequential volume improvement in tetrabrom, and most of the specialties that I mentioned in my prepared comments related to construction and automotive. So that's where we saw some volume corrections. With that said, we are seeing a pretty good start to '08 right out of the gate here and we see some fairly resilient volumes in that sector. But tetrabrom being our primary window into electronics, we did see some double-digit increases in volumes there. So that's consistent with what your observations are.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: And your non-brominated flame retardant volumes were up and bromine was down. Do you see that trend going on with some environmental pressure on bromine?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I think really there our mineral flame retardant volumes were up slightly sequentially, and we're talking a couple of percentage points. And I think the big part of that is really not the electronics sector. The applications there are just not... don't fit the need. We see most of that related to industrial construction and automotive in our mineral flame retardant business. Again, it was up slightly sequentially. It was down about 5% year-over-year. So we have had some economic-related pressure on that business as well.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay. And then on the Catalysts side, we understand the new refineries and new plants that you are building. What do you expect the replacement demand? So existing refineries that replaced their catalysts back in '06 to get ready for '07 regulations. What percentage of that do you expect them to come back to the market for '08 just because of the regular wear and tear?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: P.J., let me throw that question back at you and see if we heard it correctly. You are saying of the refinery catalyst business, HPC business, hydroprocessing kind of catalyst business we have today, you're interested in how much of that is new business this year versus recharges to older units?
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Right. You had a big recharge in '06.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: John, do you have that kind of perspective?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I would think the new, purely new applications are probably a third of our growth where two-thirds is probably repeat. I think the '09 impact will be more significant there, P.J., with a lot of new refinery opportunities coming up in the Middle East and India.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: And how long does a typical refinery catalyst last?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: About two years, and we are seeing some refineries that are operating in very adverse conditions, we are seeing that shorten. And it could be as much as four to six months with very difficult operating conditions on the crude slate.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks P.J.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Schwartz from First Analysis. Please proceed.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Good morning, everyone.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Steve.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi Steve.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: John, if we could go back to your answer to something earlier on flame retardant polymer additives, it looks like you guys saw about 6% volume growth in '06 and so you've had now four quarters where you are down double digit in volume. You mentioned that you think there is an inventory correction going on. But you also mentioned that there is this impact from housing and auto. Can you talk a little bit about how that might be split?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, the brominated flame retardant business is where you would have to consider the economy in your review of that business because it affects a lot... the impact is from a lot of consumer spending issues. The housing and construction is more in some of our specialty sectors and then the mineral flame retardant used in wire and cable. So it's two kind of different issues, and a little bit of ambiguity there. But going forward, we think the inventory corrections in brominated flame retardants have really run their course and we see volume improvement running through the course of '08. Mineral flame retardants is a little different issue. We've got the automotive-related potential slowdowns there and then we have a lot of raw material inflation as well. So we're a bit more cautious on the mineral flame retardant side.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Okay. So if we are just looking at the aggregated number, you're not really concerned that there is a secular issue here with the volume decline, in other words?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, is it secular or not? It all depends a lot on where the economy goes, I think. We're going to keep our eyes closely on the market indicators there. We are trying to keep in close contact with our customer base. There are both some negative issues and some positive ones. With the Olympics in China, there is the outlook that television sales will be fairly robust in 2008. So we are still moderately optimistic about growth prospects for the year.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: If I can just add on what John has said, if I look back at the post-Y2K period, 2001, which was a very tough year on consumer electronics and in particular office equipment kind of related areas, PCs and copiers and things like that. What we saw is that we ended up sort of... I don't know if there was really a recession... but that slowdown in that area. It actually took for that to fully flush itself out over two years, probably almost three to fully flush itself out and get back up to... get fully out of that trough. I think what John is relating to is we've seen a pretty early bottoming of this trough. And so that gives us some optimism that we'll come out of it faster than we did in the 2001 kind of timeframe. But time will tell. Right now the early indicators, as John noted, look pretty encouraging. But we are cautious about it until we really see that happening.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Okay, great. And then on my second question relating to Fine Chemicals, on your slide, you have the footnote that calls out that ex the Tamiflu campaign, volume would have been down 7%. And John, I think you answered this earlier, but how much of that is from clear brines? So if you take out clear brines, would the volume have been positive in Fine Chems?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: There was actually another issue there where we sold some raw material product in the fourth quarter of '06. So if I exclude clear brines and that issue, which was another 6% of the total volume in the products that really make money for us, we would have seen volume grow. That's correct.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Okay, so three components to the bridge gets you back to positive volume.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. I really didn't want to go into too much on that, this one sale. But it was just some excessive raw material we had, and we ended up selling it last year.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Great. Okay. Thank you, gentlemen.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: There was really no profit impact on the business.
Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp.: Okay, great.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: What was the cash flow from operations for the year?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Our preliminary rollup of cash flow from ops was $240 million, Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: 240. So does that mean you used the $100 million in working capital?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's about right, yes. And part of that is inflation, raw material inflation, part of that is getting inventory ready to push through our new plants and part of that is we've got to do better in working capital.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: So is your business now more working capital intensive than it was before? That is, when we look at 2008, will we see a similar number or a different number, in your estimation?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, Jeff, this is John. The biggest absorber or sponge of working capital in our business is the HPC business. And as we've tried to describe to all of you, it's fairly lumpy. We had, as we pointed out in the prepared remarks, a big, big December in our HPC business. So that inventory there, which is really already inflated because of high moly, molybdenum, cobalt and nickel costs, then turns into a receivable. And that has been a big, big sump, if you will, for working capital. Now with that said, with the new plant coming on, we feel that will give us some surge capacity and we can manage that working capital better through the course of '08. So we're going to work hard. We've got some aggressive goals that incent our people and we are going to work to get working capital down. We know it was an issue for us in '07 for sure. But as Rich pointed out, the raw material inflation rolls through standard costs and then the FX is a big issue for us too, because we have a fair amount of European-based inventory and manufacturing there.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: So it sounds like it will be up, but you are hoping not at the same magnitude?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We expect to get a nice improvement in days working capital next year, Jeff, is the way I would put it.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Secondly, can you talk about sequential pricing in Polymer Additives? Is sequential pricing up or down on average?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, it's about flat. Year-on-year, it's up nicely, 10%. But it's flat sequentially. And I think that's a reflection of the slower volumes through the course of '07, Jeff. It's difficult to get pricing traction when you have flat or declining volumes.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: And Mark talked about, I think, alumina raw material inflation being about $20 million or so in 2008. And the idea is that maybe you will recoup half of that, or all of it, or a third of it by price increases?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, we are working on that right now. We had finalized the agreements on raw materials in the December timeframe. And you're right, it rolls up north of $20 million. It impacts both the flame retardant business and our Fine Chemicals, our ATH and the Fine Chemicals sector.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Right.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Roughly, to cover that order of magnitude inflation, we need about 15% on the pricing side. So we are working on that now. If at the end of the year we get two-thirds of that, I would be pretty pleased with that result. So we are working on that right now.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: In brominated flame retardants, what percentage of your polymer additives doesn't go into high impact polystyrene and ABS resins? You can ballpark this.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Honestly, I would be taking a guess, Jeff, because I haven't looked at it in that perspective. But tetrabrom and our decabrom, our 8010, are primarily HIPS and ABS related. And those are the biggest volume products for us. Some of the next largest volume products go into high-performance, high-temperature nylon. And that's probably order of magnitude of 10%. So you probably have between 50 and 60% into HIPS and ABS and another 10 to 15% in nylon. And that's in the brominated flame retardant piece. And of course, mineral flame retardants are in crosslinked polyethylene, PVC, wire and cable, those kind of applications.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Jeff.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Sison from KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets / McDonald: Hey everyone. Good morning.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi Mike.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets / McDonald: In terms of pricing, Catalysts has had good pricing for the last two years, in total up 8% for the last two years in a row. Is that a range to expect considering FCC and polyolefin trends heading into 2008?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, well there is three aspects to it. The organometallic piece, Mike, and as I mentioned, we're kind of formulating our strategy right now on that business in light of the fact that we have got a lot of raw material inflation hitting it. We have got HPC, which is, I think we've developed a tremendous amount of discipline for passing through this unbelievable inflation in these precious metals. And then FCC just takes a tremendous amount of work. And as you know, we have been leading that effort and you get pretty road weary on it because it's a tremendous amount of hard work. We're constantly working to demonstrate our value in that product line. We have had a lot of success in doing it. But with that said, the FCC business and from an ATH perspective, from a rare earth perspective and a natural gas perspective has a lot of raw material inflation and energy associated with it. So to stay ahead of that curve is becoming an increasingly difficult challenge for us, but we are continuing to work on it.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets / McDonald: But isn't moly a pass through?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: The moly is. Yes, the moly, cobalt and nickel are, for sure. But it just works into your arithmetic as you work it out. For example, in the fourth quarter of '07, our HPC business volumes were up a little bit, but it was mostly a pass through of that raw material inflation.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets / McDonald: How much pricing in 2008 will be incremental, assuming sort of just to expand profitability versus just getting raw materials?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: If we were to get 50 basis points out of that, I would be delighted.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets / McDonald: 50 basis points in pricing?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: In pricing, right. So the bigger, I think, impact profitability wise is HPC and the volume play there.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets / McDonald: You know, in 2007, Mark, your pricing was up $155 million, $154 million. Your raw materials are up $80 million. So you have generated incremental profitability on pricing. Has anything changed heading into '08? I'm sort of surprised that there is a little bit of caution here considering the last two years it... well, I mean it hasn't really been a problem.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Mike, I think what I would say, we did express a little bit of caution, but it's really around the rate of change or the rate of inflation. We started 2007, you may recall, Mike, and I think we even forecast moderate inflation for the year of 10 or $11 million. And in some areas, we felt we actually could be favorable by $10 million or $11 million. That's where we started in the first quarter of '07, and we were poked in the eye for 77, and a third of that almost occurred in the last quarter. So we've seen this... I'm going to go... I'm going to use the term hyperinflation. When it's jammed in that quick, with all the pundits talking about the world coming to an end out there, then we just have a little bit of concern about our ability to go in and drive things through quickly. So we are a little cautious about it. I can assure you that John's team is working that equation very hard to make sure that we... when we get... when we see prices going up that we're extracting that out of our customers and finding ways to drive margin in the process. We're still devoted to do that. But I'd like to see the first quarter end and kind of see what's happening globally and with our volumes before I get firm about what we'll do for the year.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets / McDonald: And quickly on the... you're bringing on a lot of new capacity in catalysts. Any help on the incremental margins there for the expansion?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I mean I think in each case, you're going to be healthier because we've got good volume absorption in that and distribution of costs.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, you saw our margin in the fourth quarter. We hope to improve on that, Mike, in 2008.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets / McDonald: Okay. Then, Rich, did you suggest that EBITDA would be $500 million in '08 or was there some qualitative north of $500 million, or what was that...
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think the artistic term I used was we would be pushing $500 million, Mike.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets / McDonald: In 2008 versus 2007?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Pushing or approaching. '08 would be up about 15% compared to '07.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets / McDonald: Got you. And Mark, historically, at the beginning of the year you sort of give us a little bit of a color what your thoughts of how smart we are in terms of our First Call estimates. Any sort of view if there is a decent range out there?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, when we look at it, there is a consensus out there, I mean, prior to the day of roughly 2.80. And where we sit today, we feel okay about the consensus. I would say that that's a pretty broad range out there as we started the day. And the high end of that's hard to see, but I would say that we feel today okay about the consensus.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets / McDonald: Great. Thanks guys.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn from Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow: Good morning. A lot of mine have been answered.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Dmitry.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning, Dmitry.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow: How are you? Let me go back a little bit, and talk about margin guidance for 2008. You talked about Fine Chemicals being roughly about 16%, which is obviously above your guidance of 15% that you're trying to get your businesses to. You've kind of finished the year with about 15% in both Polymer Additives and Catalysts business despite some challenges. As the HPC volume growth resumes, as you continue to push price increases in FCC, given that you have raw material headwinds, and also looking at the demand improving hopefully in the brominated flame retardant business, if we look beyond 2008, if we look at 2009, 2010, somewhat of a longer term goal of yours, are you still looking at 15% as the sustainable margin for your three businesses? Or have you had a chance to reevaluate them, given the progress you made, and are you ready to share with us maybe perhaps a little bit more aggressive outlook for your margins?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Dmitry, we're kind of fighting over who should answer that question because...
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: They both want to answer it.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: John won, Dmitry.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow: That's a high class [ph] problem.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. Well, it is really. And in Catalysts, I think out two years, a view of margins of 19% including our JVs would be a challenging but achievable goal. And so out 18 months, we have that view. In Polymer and Fine Chemicals, I believe in Fine Chemicals, including the minority interest and related adjustments of 17 to 17.5% goal out two years is something that we can achieve, particularly with the commercialization of some of our new products in Fine Chemistry. The polymers, with the setback in terms of volumes in '07, I think if we can get that business back to that 17% level out two years from now, I think that would be a good target, a good achievement.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow: Okay. Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you. Sticking with margins, your Polymer Additives margins in the third quarter really took a tumble to just over 13% because of the inventory correction you've running through your tetrabrom business.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow: It sounded like volumes didn't improve sequentially, but I am assuming you were actually selling them out of production rather than out of inventory. And yet your margins really didn't improve all that much, up to about 13.5%.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow: Can you kind of take us into kind of what if the impact had still... or prevented the margins from recovering back to the mid to high teens and whether or not we can look for those margins to recover in 2009... 2008, I'm sorry?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. You bet, Dmitry. That's a key issue. So if you look at the sequential comparisons, we did grow the business on a profit basis, which we were pleased about. We did experience probably $2 million of raw material and energy inflation sequentially in that business. And then we had the specialties mix impact that I referred to earlier. And that was probably in the range of $4 million impact on the business sequentially, and we see that now improving. You're right, we did produce for sales in the fourth quarter, particularly in tetrabrom, which is a good thing. And we're hoping we've turned the corner based on where the economy leads us in the course of the next 12 months.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow: Okay, all right, thanks. That's helpful.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow: And then, I just want to make sure that I'm thinking about this correctly. The new plant that you've started off in HPC, even though it's going to be operating at around 50% in 2008, and you mentioned about running maybe a little bit higher than that in the first half or the first part of the year and the second half of the year. That's not going to detrimentally impact your margins through fixed cost absorption issues, is it? I mean you're still going to get positive margin from that business compared to 2007?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: That's correct.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow: Okay, all right. Just want to make sure. Thank you very much.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yang from Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Hi, good morning.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ed.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi Ed.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi Ed.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: I want to go back to this polymer additives issue. It sounds like tetrabrom is turning around, but you mentioned construction and auto weakness, and that sounds like new news to me. And I was wondering what might have caused the weakness and was it regionally focused?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Ed, I'm convinced it's when the stock market declines almost 3000 points, it has an impact on people buying things. But that's just a guess. But it did impact us in the fourth quarter. And we have the broadest portfolio of products on the market in our flame retardant product line. And we had... we did in some of these specialties, which have been important profit drivers for us, we did see decline of volumes in the fourth quarter. Now we're seeing going forward into '08, an improvement, and that's based on what our customers are telling us, not just on our hopes and wishes, but.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: John, the blip you saw from the customers, was it your North American customers, overseas customers?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, it's almost global, Ed. Really, it's not... I can't discriminate by region if it's just the U.S. or if it's Europe or Asia. Because it's companies that operate on a global basis; they may have plants in Asia, and both of these... several of these companies do operate globally. So it's really not a regional issue.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Okay, understood. And digging into the margins, how would you compare the margins for tetrabrom and the electronics-related flame retardants versus some of these more specialized polymer additives for the construction and auto industry?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, the specialties have higher margins. And then tetrabrom has also, through the course of the year, had some big BPA inflation, and that's a concern in '08 as well. When oil in the fourth quarter approached that $100 a barrel mark, that just de facto runs through phenol and into BPA. We also use some benzene derivatives in some of the flame retardant specialty lines, and we're concerned about that inflation. And then again, that's petroleum derived
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: John, could you size up the margin difference approximately? It's not something like 2X, or is it up a difference between a few hundred basis points, between the two types of flame retardants?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, I would say that the impact on the specialties had about... we are talking probably a 150 basis point impact in the fourth quarter, comparing [ph] all in the order of magnitude.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Okay, thank you very much. Thank you.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Ed.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Ed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, this is Amy Jhao [ph] sitting for Bob.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Amy.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi Amy.
Unidentified Analyst: How are you?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: All right, thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: My question is I heard you were talking about Albemarle target to achieve that $500 million in EBITDA in 2008. I was wondering what kind of economic assumptions, underlying economic assumptions do you use when you put out that target.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Very modest growth in the U.S. When we did our plan, it wasn't probably when people were... a lot of people were all calling for a recession. But we had modest full year growth and slower growth in the rest of the world than we experienced this year, but obviously incremental to what we have in the U.S. assumptions.
Unidentified Analyst: Gotcha. And then my follow-up question would be, you noted the very relatively strong year-to-date transfer of business. But if we're heading to the recession, which is the widespread market fear now, what would be the worst case scenario for Albemarle in terms of your growth profile and also margin progression?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Amy, this is Mark. That's a man, I wish I was smart enough to actually answer that question. It's tough to imagine a global recession for me, given what I see when I'm out all the time. And as we noted in our press release, based on the facts that we have in front of us, which relates to our customer interactions and the volumes we see, we don't see evidence of a global recession. We do see a lot of caution in the marketplace. And people are, as John noted, they are being responsible, they are not overbuying product, they are waiting, they are looking at the consumer to see how they react to these pundits. So from our perspective out there, we think the global nature of our business, especially India, the Middle East, Asia, is such that it will help offset what appears to be a slowdown in the U.S. economy. As Rich said, I think we were 2% or so growth in the U.S. economy, we assumed, Amy, and that... who knows if that's going to be right or not? But this company really depends on our growth offshore, and even today we still feel kind of good about that. So we don't really have a downside scenario in our own mind that we could forecast with you at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: Gotcha. And then... but do you have any contingency plan in case there might be?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, yes, that's a different question. We have taken steps should the ice get thin. The answer is absolutely. We have a lot of work underway to look at all of our assets again and make sure that we feel that in both an upside scenario and a downside scenario that they are well postured to add value to our shareholders. I think that effort is going to identify some opportunities for us. And as it does, we'll be announcing those to you guys. Those would be consolidation kind of opportunities, if we could, because we think volume growth is going to be low. Let's say, in one area, we may look to consolidate sites or do something like that. But yes, we're working that equation hard, Amy.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. And then lastly, on this economically-related question, how much of your total sales exposure you would characterize as economically sensitive to the U.S., say, industrial production growth or something like that?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, 40% of our sales or so are in the U.S. So I mean in a broad sense, it's that portion of our portfolio is exposed primarily to this economy, although some of it goes into making products that are then exported. But 40% in the U.S.; 20% in Asia; plus minus a little bit; and 15%... I mean 40% in Europe. So I guess, I would look at that 40% and say if we had a decrease, it would impact that. It would lower that... those sales by some amount. You still there, Amy?
Unidentified Company Representative: Lisa?
Operator: Amy's line disconnected. Hello? We apologize. Our next question comes from Steve Schuman from New Vernon Associates. Please proceed.
Steve Schuman - New Vernon Associates: Good morning, guys.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, good morning, Steve. Sorry for the line problems we had there.
Steve Schuman - New Vernon Associates: Oh, not a problem. I figured you cut it off. A question on flame retardants going forward. There has been a lot of pushback on halogen-based flame retardants, and you yourselves have recently announced a number of new non-halogen based products. Margin wise, how are the new products looking and how is that going to affect your profit mix going forward?
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello? [Technical Difficulty] If they are proprietary products that have intellectual property with them and boost performance such as the ANTIBLAZE product I mentioned, and the margins there are not comparable, if not better. If they are not proprietary, if they are ME2 [ph] products, then those products are pretty ugly, frankly, from a margin point of view. So it depends a lot on how customers move and how we respond to it. We are of a mindset that when you look at the non-halogen products for the most part, they are technically inferior to highly engineered products that companies like Albemarle make. So we believe that we'll be able to introduce new products over time that satisfy the needs of the market, address concerns, if they have them about the halogen content and be able to maintain margins.
Steve Schuman - New Vernon Associates: Then on... can you update us on some of your specialty catalysts work? You have an alternative fuels program, you have this alkali cleaning product. Are we going to see any results from this in 2008 or are these well beyond that?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, Steve. This is John Steitz. As a matter of fact, Mark and I are heading up to Finland later in this quarter, and we're getting really encouraged with a lot of the biofuels activity and our solutions to that. And we believe we will see results in '08, actually, that will be positive for the business and some significant step up in '09. So we're getting very encouraged by our activity in the alternative fuels technology area.
Steve Schuman - New Vernon Associates: Is that you think U.S., Europe? And then is there any regulations that are pushing that or is this pure economically driven?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: At this point, yes, it's pure economically driven and environmentally driven, of course. Yes.
Steve Schuman - New Vernon Associates: And I missed... I was in and off on the conference call. On the polyolefin catalysts increase, it was over 40% last year.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Steve Schuman - New Vernon Associates: You say you have more coming, but is that just going to offset raw material inflation, do you think? Or do you think you have room to extract value out of those, considering the...
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, the organometallic product line of ours delivers tremendous value. And so I think there is room to hopefully expand margins into '08 and '09. And this would be a contributing factor to help us achieve 19% in '09.
Steve Schuman - New Vernon Associates: Great, thank you.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Steve.
Unidentified Company Representative: Lisa?
Operator: Our next question comes from Adidia Naruman [ph] from SAC Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: My questions have been answered, thanks.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Adidia.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Adidia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Felice from Gabelli & Company. Please proceed.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi Robert.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Hi, most of my questions have been answered. Just one or two more on the bromine side. Given the way inventory patterns have waned and wanned, as we look back over the last couple of years, most of us have looked to '08 with expectations of a pretty nice rebound. And I know the last time we saw volumes rebound off of a low, they probably picked up in the double-digit range. And I think last quarter, John, you had mentioned that you didn't expect it to be that strong this time around, maybe in the high single-digit range, if I remember correctly. And given how things have evolved through December and into January, has that changed at all?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, no, I would still stand by that, Robert. I think what our customers are saying is hoping for volume growth in '08 in the 5 to 6% range. So I think that's at least a current view, depending again on where the economy goes, looks pretty solid.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Okay. And you mentioned that sequentially on the bromine side, pricing has been pretty flat. It's up year-over-year. Given end market... the rebound in the end market as we look to 2008, should we expect pricing to add on top of that 5 to 6% volume growth? Maybe you can just shed some color on the magnitude of pricing that you think you can get?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, again, pricing going forward, a lot of it we will have to determine based on how we see the... if the volume continues to grow through the course of '08. That could help give... give us some traction in terms of pricing. But with that said, we have got a lot of raw material inflation hitting that. So if we could achieve pricing to help us offset the raw material inputs, that would be, I think, a great goal to have looked back on with success. As Mark and I had mentioned, we have this big issue with ATH and... for '08, and that affects our mineral flame retardant business. And that's almost $20 million in flame retardants. So that's going to take a lot of work and some help on the volume side to get us where we need to go to cover that.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: But it sounded like from earlier comments given the pickup in operating rates that you should see in the incremental volume, that despite the raw material costs, you should be able to see some leverage on margins?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You bet. So overall, we're hopeful in Polymer Additives to perhaps in the first half get north of 15% and through the course of '08 achieve something in order of range of 16% for our Polymers business. Hopefully that kind of answers the nature of your question.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Yes, it's very helpful. Thank you.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. You're welcome.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: I'm sorry. I think I just got cut off.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, sorry, Amy. I don't know what happened.
Unidentified Analyst: I didn't finish my question. I thought there was some technical difficulties on my end. I have one more follow up. I probably missed your comment on that ATH contract. I thought that that was expired at the end of last year, right?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: That's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: And then have you renegotiated that? Or how could you secure the source of that raw material?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, we have renegotiated that, and it's resulting in higher costs both in terms of the raw material itself and the freight associated with transport of those products.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, so that's key raw materials for flame retardants?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, it goes into both the mineral flame retardant business, Amy and a portion of our mineral-based Performance Chemicals product line.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you very much.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: The biggest impact is on flame retardants, but it does impact both businesses.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Sandra B. Rodriguez - Investor Relations: Okay, I would like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If there are any further questions, you can contact me at the number indicated on the press release. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Sandra Rodriguez - Director, IR Mark C. Rohr - President and CEO John M. Steitz - EVP and COO Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup William Kreher - A. G. Edwards Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co. Lucy - Jefferies & Co. Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. James Shield - Deutsche Bank Jeff Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Kevin Mccarthy - Banc of America Securities Steven Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Corp. Michael Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets  Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research Edward Yang - CIBC  Chris Shaw - UBS Adela Marianna - SAC Capital
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the third quarter 2007 Albemarle Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dan and I’ll be your operator for the day. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We’ll be facilitating a question-and-answer session toward the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Miss Sandra Rodriguez, Director of Investor Relations, please proceed.
Sandra Rodriguez - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Dan. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today for a review of Albemarle’s third quarter results, which were released after the close of the market yesterday. Our press release contains preliminary results for the quarter and this information is subject to further review by the company and our auditors outside of our quarterly review profile. Please note that that we have posted supplemental sales information as well as reconciliations for net debt and EBITDA on our website under the Investor Information section at www.albemarle.com. I’d also like to caution that the remarks today contain forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause results to differ from expectations are listed in our annual report on Form 10-K. Participating with me on the call this morning are Mark Rohr, President and CEO, John Steitz, Executive Vice President and COO and Rich Diemer, Senior Vice President and CFO. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark C. Rohr - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Sandra and good morning everyone. We’re pleased to have the opportunity to share our third quarter performance today and before answering your questions, I’ve got brief remarks. So let’s get started with some strategic highlights of the last quarter. At the end of July we acquired controlling stake in our 2 Chinese antioxidant joint ventures. In Cruise star ownership increased from 25% to 75 %, that marginal high is the largest and we believe the most successful Chinese provider of antioxidants for the polyolefin industry. And we are very excited about this new to additives platform and the opportunities it brings to us in the Asian market. August and September revenues from a joint venture totaling approximately $ 8 million are included in our Polymer Additives results for the third quarter which will provide any details on this transaction in these comments. All because of some careless expansion of the Bedford, Texas facility is now mechanically complete. The new state of the art HPC plant with more than double the capacity at our Bedford site, an increase of global HPC capacity for approximately 30%. We’re listing out now with a capacity to meet the strong growth demands for 2008 and 2009 we expect in this business. Top listing activities are progressing well and we anticipate our first production round before the year’s end. Our new in Nanjing, China which some of you visited last month, is also nearly on the way with construction on schedule for an early 2008 start up. This firmly cannot plan up along with our catalyst business facility and technology center for each strengthens opposition in the revenue growing Asia Pacific regulatory market. Last month, we approved a major expansion over polyolefin catalysts production capability in Belarus [ph] which is really conveniently increased demands we expect in polyolefin catalysts next year and beyond. We also have several expansions underway proprietary bromine of semi-tolerance and maybe tolerance, it will be complete in early 2008. Finally, I would like to highlight our teams continue their personal R&D, we have approximately 500 people worldwide in research and development. That’s the largest stock of employees in a company which speaks our commitment to create unique solutions for our customers. So address growth across our portfolio we’ve increased R&D spending 34% year over year focusing on many promising areas such as polymer and reactive additives, catalysts for alternative fuels and expanded opportunities for bromine. We also continue to seek new opportunities to expand the use of our catalyst technology [inaudible] where we currently in and we are having success to that our new catalyst products to serve the expanding very heavy and sour crude markets. Okay, before I begin sharing company results, I want to remind you that all of our comparisons discussed today excluding the $58 million after-tax charge related to disposition of time last year and second quarter 2007 after-tax charge of 3.1 million related to certain operations consolidation. With that I am pleased to announced third quarter sales of $584 million that compares to $608 million of third quarter 2006 and $564 million last quarter. Year-over-year sales are essentially flat if we exclude times revenue impact and at 3.5% sequentially and their income for the quarter was $59.1 million, down 2.6% from the fourth quarter of 2006 for that 3.6% from last quarter. Corporate gross margins improved 180 basis points from last year to 26.2%. Continued softness in demand across consumer markets and steps taken to introduce first level inventory of bromine and bromine flame retardants primary tetrabrom, pressure polymer additives margins to 12.6%. That’s gone up 340 basis points from the third quarter of 2006. Well, Fine Chemicals impacted some of our new bigger fall sales delivered solid semi margins of 15.1%, up 400 basis point improvement over third quarter of 2006. Our Carrier Segment was certainly the heavy weight this quarter with objective saving seven income margins of 19%. Combining all these together segment performance end of the quarter was $0.61 per share. Coming on carriers, this business continues to show improved performance, with record selling quarter income of $41 million, an increase of 7% over year ago and 27% sequentially, the discipline demonstrated by Catalysts team and developing critically carrier systems for fewer and polyolefin applications provides a great opportunity for strong year-over-year growth. As expected HPC volumes were not as strong as third quarter last year when the refill cycles were still benefiting refinery spots to de-separation, regulations. However, we are seeing sequentially steady increases in volumes and expect the refill cycles will create a strong pour for volume in 2008 and 2009. On the HPC side we continue our efforts towards prices recently posing a 15% price increase to $3100 per metric ton, effective January 1, 2008. Turning now to polymer additives, our flame retardant business continues to weld the market with the consumer electronics through August. A positive turnaround came in September slightly offsetting very sluggish throughout August periods. Polymer additives third quarter net sales of $233 million improved 4% sequentially. As we entered the fourth quarter, we are consciously optimistic that we will see strong effort volumes as we head into the holiday season. On Fine chemical segments, our Fine chemical segment had a solid quarter with increased profits of 26% over third quarter 2006. Performance chemicals delivered solid results even though our bromine cost subscription headwinds from reduced bromine supply and reformatory change. Our bi-chemistry services, pharmaceuticals and our cultural and various businesses continue to contribute impressive results. Year to date profits essentially equal the full year profits of 2006. Let me now briefly comment on input cost. Raw materials increased $24 million over third quarter last year. Raw material inflation still remains a big challenge for us in the industry. We expect steady increases in raw material cost through remainder of this year and we don’t see any reason for our inflation to slow in 2008. In fact our first task view of next year indicates roughly $80 million of year over year raw material inflation. A particular concern is the strong price near pressure on mineral based raw materials by ATH which goes into our Albemarle Chemical business. Those inflation pressures will put increased margin pressure on Polymer Additives business as we start next year. To help offset this under margin pressure we continue to execute on our cost reduction and pricing initiatives. Looking forward I expect the fourth quarter to share modest sequential growth on the back will improve volume of polymer additives and catalysts. Albemarle’s fourth quarter should deliver modest sequential improvements although this is typically, seasonally a softer quarter for this segment. The main products semi tolerant is selling rebound as the communication suggests a slow but sustainable recovery in the pro-sated board and connecting markets. In bio-chemicals we expect stable growth for the remainder of the year and another strong year in 2008. Our bromine franchise remains real solid and there are over 200 products in the bio-chemistry services pipeline, we expect good growth in our Pharma and Agri portfolios. That is why we’ll be up slightly as we prepare for the record catalyst volumes in 2008. Putting all these together we are on track to deliver strong results in the year that has been challenged with 3 times the level of raw material inflation and much weaker consumer product demand than we expected. The tremendous determination of our business, leaders and the dedication of our integrated work force around the globe is creating a success. With that let me turn it over to John Steitz.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Mark. Good morning everyone. I’ll begin with our Polymer Additives segment. Polymer Additives net sales for the third quarter totaled $233 million down 3% from the third quarter of ‘06 and up 4% sequentially. Polymer’s third quarter segment income is $29.4 million a 24% decline from a very strong third quarter of 2006, primarily due to lower sales volumes and higher unabsorbed manufacturing costs associated with our Tetrabrom units being down most of the quarter as well as increased raw material cost was not identified. Our flame retardants portfolios suffered from continued weakness in electronics demand. While July and August volumes were even lower than what we saw in the first half of the year, September rebounded with very strong volumes giving us confidence where we’re hoping will be a sustainable market rebound. Looking back we saw very somber comparison of the first quarter to the third quarter of 2005, where the first 2 months were very soft and a sustainable rebound started in September of 2005 and continue to strut away throughout all of 2006. While our diversified fine material portfolio allow us to weather these types of markets down towns we’ll not rest on our laurels. Our business technology and manufacturing teams are working hard to develop and manufacture more innovative and environmentally friendly products; while continue to create value and solve problems for our customers. Our stabilizers and curatives business continues to be faced with extreme raw material cost pressure due to the impact of rising petroleum based speed stalk. During the quarter our commerce business also absorbed $ 1 million of inventory mark up charges and other one time cost associated with the consolidation of our Jinhai joint ventures. Fine chemicals net sales for the quarter totaled $135 million, segment income of $24 million increased 26% over the third quarter of 2006. Our performance chemicals business reported strong sales this quarter. A slow down in our bromine production due to brominated flame retardants inventory reduction, negatively impacted results for the quarter. Despite these headwinds, Performance Chemical profits increase a double digit rates over the third quarter of 2006. Our fine chemistry services and intermediates business continues to deliver solid results. Comparisons to second half of last year were negatively impacted by the Tama fluid [ph] immediates business which was achieved in 2006. Also as mentioned on our last call the second quarter of 2007 included a successful Naproxen [ph] campaign for a potential new product introduction. The pipeline of new pharmaceutical and agricultural intermediate products continues to grow and enhance our longer term segment margins. Now moving onto to catalyst. Catalyst net sales for the third quarter totaled to $216 million, 4% over the last quarter relatively flat compared to a robust third quarter 2006. Segment income for the quarter is $41 million compared to $38 million last year and $32 million in the second quarter, great execution by our team. You may recall third quarter 2006 was our highest selling quarter in catalysts and we delivered very strong profitability on those volumes and placed a highlight that while volumes this quarter lagged reference setting volumes of third quarter of last year; catalyst segment income increased year-over-year by 7%. Sequentially segment income grew 27% and steady value increases in both, the refinery catalysts and polyolefin catalysts. Our refinery catalyst HPC business delivered sequential volume growth. As expected they continue this positive traction as we close up the year and headed into what is expected to be a strong 2008. We've been running our existing HPC capacity wide open and plan to start commercial production in our new HPC plant late in the fourth quarter to meet growing demand next year. Our refinery Catalyst.CC business is clearly making solid strides in margin improvement. While we believe there is still room for further margin improvement. We must continue to deliver high performing superior quality products to meet the growing demands of the refiners processing heavier and heavier crudes. Out FCC business also continues to be faced with dramatic raw material increases related to energy, metals, imported rare earth and transportation costs. The Polyolefin Catalyst business delivered strong reported results in the quarter with net sales up 15% year-over-year driven primarily by stronger revenues and volumes in our organo-metalic portfolio. And with that let me turn it over to Rich Diemer for comments on the financial results.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks John and good morning everybody. As Mark mentioned in his comments, we have consolidated two months of results from our analysis 75% earned China based anti oxidant joint ventures, which we call Jinhai. Revenue was approximately $8 million for the August through September period with a relatively small impact to our bottom line this quarter due to required purchase account adjustments. We have an option to acquire the remaining 25% ownership from our partner in the future. Our reported effective tax rate for the quarter was 15.4% and 20.8% for the year-to-date. The current quarter tax rate benefited from the change in German tax rates that weren’t active this quarter and our revaluation of our ready recorded deferred tax balances in Germany to approx the new rates. This was approximately a 300 basis point benefit in the quarter. A 100 basis point benefit year-to-date on the tax rates or $0.02 a share. We recorded tax benefits related to the completion of our 2006 tax returns of approximately $0.03 per share, which also benefit this quarter’s rate and results. Our best estimate for our tax rate in Q4 is 23.2%, which would give us a reported tax rate of approximately 21.5% for the full year. Unallocated corporate expenses were $12.7 million in the quarter and we anticipate a similar level of expanse in Q4 for this fine item. Our EBITDA this quarter was $105 million slightly below the first quarterly, per-tax quarterly run rate and $2 million in Q3 2006. We ended the quarter in cash equivalent of a $101 million. CapEx for the quarter was $21 million. Our third view of 2007 CapEx is in the rage of a $100 million to $105 million. Depreciation, annualization was 26 million and we expect full year D&A of a $106 million to a $108 million. Our preliminary roll up of cash flow operation is $68 million for the quarter. Turning to balance-sheet at September 30th we have consolidated debt of $698 million including $64 million of JBC join venture debt of which 400 million is fixed and 298 million is rolling, up 57% to 43% growth. Our flowing debt interest rate is 5.82% at quarter end. The weighted average interest rate for Q3 was 5.4%. Net of a $101 million cash on hand and excluding $46 million of non guaranteed yet consolidated JBC and Jinhai debt, our next debt is $551 million, up $6 million from year end, a dive of over 100 million from year ago. Our quarter end-to-debt cap ration is 34.9% and our net-debt rate cap ratio is 31.2%. With that I will turn call back to Sandra.
Sandra Rodriguez - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Rich. Okay we’d like to open it up for your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar from Citi please proceed.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Yes, Hi good morning.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi good morning P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Wanted to get to the bottom of slim retardant issue. We met three weak quarters of slim retardant volumes, can you just talk about what are the operation effects what are the current inventories and is there a demand shift between brominated or non-brominated retardants and what’s going on?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: P.J. its John Steitz. Let me try to address your question. The best thing I can do is kind of compare it back 2years ago to third quarter 2005 where we saw a similar decrease in demand. So when we go out and talk to our customer base weather it be in electronics industry, the connectors industry the print circuit board industry we’re hearing very similar descriptions of what has been happening. Through the course of FY06, we saw strong demand through the course of the whole year. And compared to FY05, especially a third quarter of FY05, it was down fairly markedly. FY06 was very strong even though end consumer markets were told by our customers were very weak in the second half, so there was an in hand build up of inventories at their level. So we feel to match that and we believe that through July and August, we finally worked through what was the big inventory build that’s curled over last 18 months. So if I compare the three quarters, year-over-year we had in FY05 a relatively weak July and August with a very strong September. In FY06 we had three consecutive months in that quarter, third quarter of FY06 very strong across the board. And then in FY07, we had a very weak July and August, which is similar to a July and August of FY05 but we had record sales and record volumes in September. We’re starting out October, I would say moderately strong but November looks very strong. So, we are getting, we are cautiously optimistic we turn the corner here. We feel our inventory levels are appropriate. We’ve had a fire up our tetrabrom plants in the last couple of weeks and we are pressing forward on manufacturing to meet what we see a recent spike in demands. So that’s, that feels good. That did take a toll in earnings no question in third quarter of FY07 as we moderated our plants back might get my estimates that’s those about $0.05 in the quarter.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: So we are getting window getting in June, July and what are the inventories now?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Our inventories?
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Yes. Is that what you are talking about, your own inventories?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, our own inventories have gone down in July and August despite the weak sales and in September we obviously had inventory to meet the spike there but in October now we got to produce the increasing demand. So I am hoping for sequential improvements and moderate sequential improvements.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: P.J. this is Rich, the inventory is obviously up on a consolidated basis with the full year and even for us since the last quarter that we reported that the bulk of that increase is in metals pricing which is catalysts and is an increased demand for catalysts order. So you don’t want to mix some of those big orders that are coming through. The other thing that’s significantly impacting our inventory is OpEx, with our inventories up we have over in Europe so and there again that’s substantially catalyst related.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: And John can you talk about your operating rates in bromine wells either in Jordan or Arkansas and then you said your petro pump plant back up so what are operating rates overall in flame retardants?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes I, in Arkansas P.J. I’d say it was in the 50% to 60% range. I mean we had done follow back fairly dramatically as the biggest volume sync for our bromine in Arkansas as primarily flame retardants. The utilization in Jordan was a little higher than that mostly built on some reasonably strong clear branch volumes in the Middle East.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Are you raising those operating rates now?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Pardon me.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Are you raising those operating rates now?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we are. We are increasing them to meet the increased demand flame retardants. Now where they are running today, no they are not near 100% but they are I’d say more than the 70% range.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay, that’s all from me, thank you.
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you P.J.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander from Jeffery’s, please proceed.
Laurence Alexander – Jefferies & Co.: Good morning this is [inaudible].
John M. Steitz – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I’m sorry it’s breaking up, is it Lucy? Lucy – Jefferies & Co. Yes it’s Lucy for Laurence.
John M. Steitz – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks you, Lucy. Lucy – Jefferies & Co. I just actually have another question following up on the fine chemicals. Could you quantify the earnings impact of the inventory reduction in the bromine team?
John M. Steitz – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes that was about $0.02, in the range of $0.02 in the third quarter. Lucy – Jefferies & Co. Okay, great. And just another question. Is there a similar impact on polymer additives?
John M. Steitz – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, it was about double that there however, it was in $0.04 to $0.05 range. Lucy – Jefferies & Co. And what is the status of [inaudible] in China?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: This is Mark, let me try to take that. What we see in China is the government very actively promoting, industry leaving regulations in all of those areas where, the general public is exposed to potential of far sakes. So in hotels and office buildings, the material they make to ship offshore all those things were in the absence meet far setting standards of, were international in nature. The best plenty of goods however are not yet familiar tried in China and there seems to be a very conservative effort on part of the government to change that. Lucy – Jefferies & Co. Okay. Thank you very much.
John M. Steitz – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Lucy for this call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Koort from Goldman Sachs, please proceed.
Robert Koort – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks very much, good morning.
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, hi Rob good morning.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could tell me what, if there is any standard behavior around catalyst pricing in free buying ahead of price hikes so what you do to minimize that?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me give this a shot Bob, in most cases the inventory here is pretty tight so you make it to deliver it, and frankly we don’t see very much activity there to buy early in line of a price increase. There maybe some interest to cover deal but not to, [inaudible].
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: And remember, what effect is there if any from the volatility we’ve seen in refining margins over the last couple of years. I mean they have gone sky high and they crash and they gone back up and they come following a dramatically well or so. Do you see buying bigger does it change refinery runs that are going or is the industry in the U.S. at least pretty much full out regardless?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the industry in the U.S. is full out regardless I think today. It remains a question if you look up 3, 4, 5 years, margins pulled back. Does that impact the value add or upgrading heavy crude oil? I’m not sure. But in the near term and certainly in the recent past we’ve not seen any impact in these markets.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: And if I look out 3, 4 to 5 years Mark will the U.S. component of that business become somewhat more marginalized owing most of the discussion around growth and opportunities outside the U.S.? Or do you think it will continue to be at odds for the next wave of regulations in the U.S.?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Bob, the real growth, the new business growth is virtually well outside the U.S. plant. Middle East, India, China. Those kinds of places. Brazil, Venezuela.. So new volume is coming of new areas to the world. I expect refineries in the U.S. are going to compete in prosperity to maximize their income. And we see lot of enquiries on doing things like upgrading vacuum gas oil. So taking your medics and moving back to, towards, fuel can be used more readily than gasoline, diesel and things like that. So I don’t necessarily think that we’re going to see a fallout in the U.S. but the entry question growth is all off shore. The volume growth.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much, next part.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Shield from Deutsche bank, please proceed.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, on tetrabrom for a minute. Just to clarify. Are you indicating that October sales volumes have been tracking above September and your orders for November are also increasing and accelerating momentum there? Yes that’s what I tried to communicate James. So it looks sequentially like its improving and that kind of correlates with the IPC report that we get. We’ve seen an increase in the book-to-bill ratio there as well.
James Shield – Deutsche Bank: Now that’s going to be my next question. What is the book-to-bill right now?
John M. Steitz – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: We can take that, I think it was 1.07 I believe and that’s just at the top of my head. I, we can get that and verify that.
James Shield – Deutsche Bank: Okay and then how about pricing inthis area, are you seeing pricing discipline for the industry?
John M. Steitz – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, the answer to this question is yes. Overall in our entire polymer additives business we’ve seen year-over-year double digit pricing hold. And we’ve seen some reasonable high single digit sequential improvement. Specifically in the bromine flame retardant portfolio we’ve seen solid gains year-over-year and sequence on some I’d say moderate sequential improvement.
James Shield – Deutsche Bank: All right thank you very much.
John M. Steitz – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I think we’ve got a number here for you on the book-to-bill ratio. No, we’ll come back to you on that.
James Shield – Deutsche Bank: Appreciate it.
John M. Steitz – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You bet.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from J.P Morgan, please proceed.
Jeff Zekauskas – J.P. Morgan: Hi good morning. Richard J Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and CFO Good morning Jeff. Hi Jeff.
Jeff Zekauskas – J.P. Morgan: A few questions. Your working capital, are you above negative 120 so far this year and what’s the source of that?
Unidentified Company Representative: I don’t know about the negative 120. We tracked networking capital. But for 106 days I think is where we are and that principally because of raw materials, inflation and its also due to FX.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: In a big picture sense, Jeff, we’ve seen inflation, inflationary impacts hit this to the tune of $60 million or so and you’ve got some volume build on top of that, about $30 million or so I think we’re up net about a $100 million. It’s what I recall on that bromine unfortunately but. A lot of cost rolled through that based on the inflation that we see out there. We’ve also through this year, it’s kind of crazy but we’ve had tremendous sales of catalysts at the end of each quarter so we have the sort of outstanding receivable balance that’s much higher than it should be to make sure the way our business is going this year.
Jeff Zekauskas – J.P. Morgan: Okay that’s helpful. Back to the polymer additive area. If you look at the volumes over a multi-year period of time, if you go back to, FY05, FY06 and now in FY07, there really hasn’t been any growth in volumes in polymer additives if you net it out. If you go back and you include 2004 when you are up 19% and what you do is you get and in the previous year before that was up 2% but you get something like 2% volume growth, if we give you the benefit of the doubt in ’04 and all of that is probably below the rate of the growth in the underlying plastic. So when you look at flame-retardants over a multi year period of time whether the fourth quarter turns up or not why does it seem that polymer additive growth seems slower than the growth in the underlying plastics?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well let me start that, if John kind of pop in here for just a minute. You followed us for a long time Jess. You’ve seen the sort of the thick [inaudible] over sales for this business and it tends to be broadly speaking, it tends to have this sort of stetiscope [ph] associated with it. We have, unbelievable volume growth in ’99. 2000 kind of top range to see volumes shrink 30% for a couple of years then till we came out of that, so Y2Kdriven back in the 2012 top-line. So, if I look at, on that sequence I’ve probably got 10%, 20% growth in some period times and a modest 20% in some other period of times. So it’s been very choppy and we have seen a lot of changes in this industry. There are a lot more phosphorus related flame retardants are being sold today including those that we expect to sell from the plant that’s coming up there’s been some shift to mineral flame retardants and we've seen a lot of volume growth on mineral basis over a period of time. So I guess it’s a broad question you're answering. We've said historically that about 2X GDP because of plastics going in to consumer electronics have [inaudible] number I’ll get something pretty close to that. Before this recent downturn but I need to check and we’ll do that before this recent downturn. I need to check, and we’ll do that and get back to you guys.
Unidentified Analyst: So, I mean all things being equal. Maybe you’ll have a nice year in ’08 given how weak 2007 has been.
Unidentified Company Representative: Possibly, that’s the way it’s been.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess, lastly I just want to be sure that I understood the tax rate explanation. In the quarter was there a $0.03 benefit from the audit of 2006 taxes or a change in--?
Unidentified Company Representative: It’s not the audit there Jeff because the IRS is not on top of it. With that sort of short delay its $0.02 from Germany. So German tax rates down, its approximately $0.03 and we went through and completed our tax return, you complete your ’06 tax return in ’07 and you do what is called a accrual to return adjustments. So to get that all in sync you threw up your obit books. So we had positives adjustments, they could be negative they can go either way but in this case they were positive adjustments so our books were brought in sync with the tax return that we filed.
Jeff Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Okay thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Kevin Mccarthy from Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
Kevin Mccarthy – Banc of America Securities: Yes good morning, Mark. The raw material inflation that you reference, can you give us an idea of how much that if any, is passed through automatically quoting your contract divisions and how much of you’ll need to address via price increases and/or cost reductions.
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: About $30 million is mildly inflation of the 80% or so we’re having this year and we work to make sure that’ll pass through. So if you look at the other balance of that, the other $50 million or so we got a 5 coded, call waiting getting that past our customers.
Kevin Mccarthy – Banc of America Securities: Okay and just to clarify that that was in FY08 versus FY07 versus number?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: That’s FY07 versus FY06 and when we look at next year, it’s probably not that generous on how we, I’ve got as much as volume inflation pricing we’re seeing $18 million overall and some of that, the, most of the investment will tell its not going to pass through. You have to admit it.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, not to add there is a cobalt nickels probably in order 15 million and that’s included in the past year.
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay so let me revise this, the numbers about half [inaudible] that we have to fight for.
Kevin Mccarthy – Banc of America Securities: Got you. In Fine Chemicals you mentioned the low bromine operating rate there being about $0.02 headwind chime. I think you also mentioned in the text of the press release revenue from foreign chemistry services. Can you elaborate a little bit on the trends there and what the future looks like?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Kevin last quarter we had a large and approximate order go out for a potential new migraine drug. So that was a nice a tailwind for us in the second quarter. We also roll in a lot of our ag intermediates into our fine chemistry services business. And that tends to be, that particular business tends to be a fourth quarter through first quarter driver for us because we’re building up for our customer inventory for the upcoming planning season. So that tends to be less of a driver in third quarter; second and third quarters and move on the fourth, three of the first quarters in the following year. But generally we’re getting a I think of lot of exciting, new opportunities. I know you’re relatively hungry to understand those better but just because of the proprietary and confidential nature we keep going into a lot of those details but there are some, I think very unique opportunities in the active pharmaceutical range of products that next year if they come to fruition could be quite exciting for us.
Kevin Mccarthy – Banc of America Securities: Your custom synthesis increased still running north of 50?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, they sure are Kevin, very strong.
Kevin Mccarthy – Banc of America Securities: And lastly, any change in the elemental bromine prices?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well we’ve been studying that because the raw material and energy concerns are out there and chlorine continues to go up in pricing and so we’re studying that as we speak.
Kevin Mccarthy – Banc of America Securities: Okay, thank you very much.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You’re welcome.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Steven Schwartz from First, please proceed.
Steven Schwartz – First Analysis Securities Corp.: Hi. Good morning. In the electronics with Polymer Additives one supplier just this morning announced really strong results in the quarter but then it’s like the sentiments disappointed and they gave kind of a, down outlook possibility on the fourth quarter. Is there any way you can help us understand exactly what part of electronics you are more strongly tied to?
John Steitz - Executive Vice President & COO: Well we tend to be, this is John Steitz, Steven. We’re the broadest supplier in the industry, so there are a lot of touch points for us. There’s industrial and home construction, there’s automotive in the electronics area there is the print circuit board market or small buying electronics and mobile phones. There is small connectors that our brominated polystyreminor products plays into, high temperature nylon, pretty good picture of the end markets around the globe.
Steven Schwartz – First Analysis Securities Corp.: Okay alright. Thank you, that helps. Moving into catalysts with the price increase on SEC, is there anyway you can help us understand what the potential impact of that might be in 2008. And I guess ideally what I’d like to know is what percentage of your business is placing below $4100 and by how much and I realize you may not be able to give all those details but and maybe you get an idea of what I am interested in?
James Shield – Deutsche Bank: Yes I can get a pretty good idea of what you’re interest today and it’s a difficult question to answer because the next in that range of products is fairly dramatic depending on and the application. But I can tell you that pricing year-over-year is up about 20% and there has been a lot of discipline in the market place. Hope to achieve that going forward, you have seen the announcement we have made that’s in the range of $200 a ton. Unfortunately we are faced with tremendous raw material escalation in that business as well. I mentioned, Mark and I both mentioned the ATH raw material as going up. That’s based on aluminum and that’s going up dramatically. And there are others, are China is going up dramatically and the related transportation cost to get these product shift around the global is going up dramatically as well. So, we are hoping some margin expansion but it’s very difficult in those environment especially when you think of $90 barrel oil and the ramifications of that.
Steven Schwartz – First Analysis Securities Corp.: Okay, great, thank you.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Sison from KeyBanc, please proceed.
Michael Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hello.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi.
Michael Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: On HPC you talked about the expansion coming on screen congrats. How is that ramping up in terms of orders for next year and can you give us a little bit of color on that you effect and sort of the fill right new plant will be? Richard J Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and CFO Yes Mike. You know we are going hard now. We have been going hard this year as we have been sold out turning the construction phases this plant.
Michael Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: The base, HPC catalysts business has been sold out. Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and CFO Yes.
Michael Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. So that sold on out that’s means we are ramping up capacity now anticipation of good oil and your base business in FY08?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That’s right. So the, as we mentioned kind of end tax the fourth quarter sequentially in HPC looks pretty strong, the first quarter of FY08 looks very strong and will probably be a record quarter for us. So we needed to be that plant up and running quickly to help us meet the growing demand in the first quarter and beyond. So, we are hopeful that this plant will be sold out at some point towards the end of the back half of FY09 and so the opportunities globally are coming in a very strong phase.
Michael Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And in terms of other rates right now and gladly you are going to get more visibility as the first half of FY08 comes to operation, is the HPC expansion partly 20% sold out, 30%, 50%?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think it will be in the 40% to 50% range in the first year and the second half of FY09 would ramp up that second 50% of that capacity.
Michael Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And if the demand is stronger is it possible to have more of that sold out in FY08 or is it sort of, you need big order then that is probably the best case at this point?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well ideally yes, I mean if the FY08 demand continues to build momentum through the course of FY08, yes, will keep that new plan running as far as we can.
Michael Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Keep that running. And in the fourth quarter of FY06 HP, catalyst segment rather down 24%, so you sort of had pretty easy comparisons going on in the fourth quarter of FY07. So should the volume drop in the fourth quarter and catalysts be pretty pronounced based on what you said?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Compared to the fourth quarter of FY06, yes I think it’s in the 15% to 20% range and it’s just correctional.
Michael Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay great and just switching gears a little bit on a, I want to [inaudible] but the impact in profitability per math is 2% or 3% on margin based on both the shut down, both of my math would I confirm 50%-50%. So that 15% level Polymer additives is running at but after the rate you need to get Arkansas back to get back to15 just to get back to that 70-80?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes again directionally I’d say that’s the order negative we are talking about.
Michael Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right and anything above that you said to get further improvements on that?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That’s correct.
Michael Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then mine on Fine Chemicals, you know when you started taking a look at the back log and you want to think the fine chemistry business is sort of known for its, sort of its running new projects. How does that back log of new projects will look as we are heading to 2008?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes it feels really good, there has been a couple of unique opportunities that we are filling couple of our plant sites and one is actually counted in the home and defense area and the other is Ag area. Very profitable and very profitable stream and new products. We are looking really bullish into next year. And there is a couple of opportunities in the Pharma sector that are really exciting that we’re not building into our financial planning but if they happen could really take us up a notch.
Michael Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And lastly brominated pricing and fine chemicals is that continue to go up?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It’s been, I’d say relatively flat here the last quarter or so. As we enter in January the late, Mike we’re looking at some, you know more raw material cost pressure. And so, as I mentioned earlier we’re analyzing how we react to that right now.
Michael Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research, please proceed.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Good morning, a couple of questions if I may, a lot of them have already been answered. You talked about raising prices in SEC catalyst about 15%, your latest price increase to $3100 a ton. Given all of the cost offset that you’ve had on raw materials transportation are we likely to see additional price increases in FY08 and kind of what is your longer term outlook for this business as far as pricing is concerned.
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we’re still not you know at re-investment economics and the long term forecasts, I mean over a multi year period are for a lot of volume growth here. And we don’t believe right now that the economics justify know any signified investments. So, we’re working hard to get the economics right. So, I think we’ve got to be very nimble at how we address this going forward. And I think that’s particularly true in FY08. We’ve got to be in a position to continue to file against the critical raw material for this industry, obviously and as we mentioned we’re going to continue to drive value through new technology and products and really solve problems in the refining sector. We’re working hard on that. But to say, you know we’re finished on pricing would, I’d be really misdirecting you there. And I if we’ve got to react to the raw material pressures and energy pressures and also provide products that really meet our growing slate of difficult problems in this market place.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: So to kind of take this a step further, at what point in time or when would you need to have capacity expansion at least beginning to meet the projected demand and I know we’re talking heading to do something with capacity in 2008 or 2009 or is it further out? I mean how much time do you have to get your economics in order before you really start jeopardizing your business by not just you but other players in the business.
Mark C. Rohr – President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it’s further out than 2008-2009. It’s in that range, it’s 3 years out. So, I think we’ve got to be very thoughtful in how we approach that.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay so you got a couple of more years of price increases, another way looking at it.
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we’re going to keep continuing target generate value and earn our way here.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Very good. Let me follow up on the fine chemicals business value you announced that price increases for the again I think earlier in the third quarter. Can you give us an update on how that’s going and how successful your price increase from where it should have been?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Pricing year-over-year is up in the double-digit range, but Dmitry we also have in this whole chain of producing Ibuprofen needs a lot of organics and use organics like Isobutylene and Toluene a lot of products like that are used in our process. So, they are very just inflationary because of the petrochemical base for that. So margin overall has hung in there we are starting to see some increased demand in our Ibuprofen business we feel good about that and we feel especially good about the quality that we bring especially compared to imported products around the world and the concerns around importing the raw materials from China and Indian places like that. So, we are pushing hard on that, so, we’ve got a good product but I’d have to say that in our fine chemicals sector again, Ibuprofen is one product of a fairly large portfolio and its newer even close to 5% to 10% of our overall profitability in fine chemicals now. So it’s a good seller product as far as the overall portfolio.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: I got it. Thanks, thanks for putting that respective and I have one final question, on polymer additives particularly the petrobromine and brominated in general. My understanding is that the European reach program, this is one of the first chemicals that being examined. The year early food bank and harbor process is going where you are in getting this product, so to reach the process in Europe and do you see any risk to continue with volume growth or maybe with acceptance of this product in the region?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, above plus or products you have to go through reach and its going to be a far show early on, a part of that assessment. The preliminary results we have and tests we have done and others have done is that we think these products for the most part can go through reach without difficulty. There are one or two exceptions out there where I think the potential toxicity of the model QO [ph] is the word upon the environment is such that if we have to mitigate real’s got to move to different product. So we finally is not a real is frankly is a right thing to do to test these products to make sure they are okay. There has been some concern right of bromine broadly in the use of bromine broadly. You have a lot of initiatives underway to manage that well. So there is a quite of public revenue and I think we can do that successfully. If we can’t do it successfully as you end this decade and go into the next you can fix some follow-up on volume.
Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research: Okay. Alright, thank you very much.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Alright, pleased to meet you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Yang from CIBC, please proceed.
Edward Yang - CIBC: Thank you, good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning Ed.
Edward Yang - CIBC: On Mark you’ve mentioned fourth quarter it show modest sequential growth, was that for revenue or EPS?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: I only comment on EPS, near term of that, so, on the revenue basis, we shift this modest growth.
Edward Yang - CIBC: Okay, thank you. And on polymer additive, let’s is understand the acceleration and improvements from August, September, October to November, but to get a better sense of the velocity and the slow pose on potential year-over-year improvement in 2008, John mentioned the 2005. I think at that time, in the third quarter of FY05 your permanent added volumes was down 7% and a year later they were up a 11%. And like to get a better feel fiscal, on if things play as we did in the FY05, Fy06 playbook, what sort of volume year-over-year volume growth recovery we should seen in FY08 for polymer additives?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are still cautiously optimistic as I said and I am hopeful we can get; I don’t think its going to be as dramatic as a 11% but somewhere in the high single digits I think is possible as we rebound lot of this downturn on volumes.
Edward Yang - CIBC: Okay. And you mentioned the strong outlook for Catalyst for 2008 and I think John was trying to back into a volume growth number for 2008 and into Q&A. And would you have there put forward kind of range in terms of what we should expect to see in terms of HPC volume growth for 2008?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: There I think we got to mention what the velocity addition was probably the HPC plan and so if you look at that as 20% or 25% is that we are saying is that we expect for the year to be lot for to the year on annualized kind of basis, so you take that one credit a month and a half, so 10% to 12% on HPC volume growth is kind of the thing that we work on part to look.
Edward Yang – CIBC: Alright, thank you. And lastly on fine chemicals, the long-term margins for that business? And something that you target in the 20% range it’s been moving around but…
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That’s 20% we. I can see quarters where we can get peaks like that because we have this kind of third, second quarter where everything jammed up and kind of nice orders out and also all ran well and buyers were relatively robust. So I can see peaks like that but to say that, that would be sustainable I think it’s going to take a number of years for us to get there at level. We are at a process of our planning programs for a way through 2010. Right now we would be solidifying these targets as I have promised many of you by the end of the year and opportunity turn year so we are going to target for margin improvement. And fine chemicals we feel good about that and to say 20% over the next 18 months is too ambitious for us business right now.
Edward Yang - CIBC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Shaw from UBS. Please proceed.
Chris Shaw – UBS: Chris Shaw, that’s alright. How you guys doing? Just a follow up I guess on the, as I was saying would you, it seems some of the bunch of marginal clients trying to have focus on the inventory reduction, would you expect the margin to be back up or sequentially up in 4Q?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes we are working hard to do that Chris, we had some issues that we had to deal with in the third quarter and we have the, we have got the some of these agna [ph] immediates that are picking back up in the fourth quarter. So that will help us. I think there is no way it would be 20% but I think it will be better than 15 in that 16 plus range.
Chris Shaw – UBS: Okay, and then, just curious, you’re talking about the FCC business not being worth, we are investigating in it right now but is there any of the competitors out there adding expansion right now for the growth that’s coming up?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You know I think there is a difference between expansion and de-bottle necking and I think there has been some degree of de-bottle necking and some degree of may be consolidation some manufacturing to a degree but major expansion will be in major investment for this market and that’s why I think that has to be done in a very thoughtful manner so it could be several $200 million to $ 300 million investment depending on the size and sculpture of the manufacturing plan.
Chris Shaw – UBS: Except the size you don’t know how you’re planning to do that yet?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No.
Chris Shaw – UBS: Not a major one but I think VSF [ph] is got an economic expansion underway in Georgia.
Chris Shaw – UBS: Oh okay. And then finally what, you’ve got about $100 million in cash what are your plans for cash and forget the priorities?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Our priority is then to invest internally. We’ve grown CapEx a little bit over the last couple of years. We’ve invested in R&D. We’ve increased our dividend double digit this year and once we get our outlook set I hope to be able to do that again so, increasing returns that way. I think I’m probably slightly sub-optimal on debt cap right now although I have cash available and we have not hesitated to buy back their stocks should that look to be a good investment. So, that’s another alternative, another way to return from the shareholders.
Chris Shaw – UBS: And are you still looking at [inaudible] 2.08 plus?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We’re only looking at M&A that’s the case and as it’s been a couple of quarters it’s I think more of a seller’s than a buyers market but we’re always looking to grow that way also.
Chris Shaw – UBS: Okay great, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Guy Barrel from [inaudible], please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. I just want to go back to SEC catalysts for a second and you almost answered my question few callers back when you talked about discipline in the industry. But I was wondering if you could give a little bit more detail as to what, to how your competitors have reacted or reacting to the slicing actions that you have taken in FCC’s or I guess in how you expect them to respond to that?
John Steitz - Executive Vice President & COO: Well I think we’re, my belief is since we’re all under the same raw material pressure. The, a lot of common ingredients from ATH, silicates, rare earths out of China; all these raw materials are going up dramatically. And so, my belief is we were all under similar cost type pressures. So, therefore we’ve been forced to announce this price increase and we’re trying to implement it through the course of next year. And we’ve been successful in doing that over the last 18 months. So I hope that our customer base will continue to understand the position we’re in and continue to be, to work with us to get these prices up.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay so do these refineries have for the most part, taking in stride or when do you expect to, when do you expect to or at what prices do you expect to push back on that?
John Steitz - Executive Vice President & COO: Well I mean there is always purchasing organizations are obligated to do their job and there is always lot of push back. So, we just have to continue to try drive the importance of value and try to really focus on solving some difficult technical challenges, the biggest technical challenges the heavier, the heavier crucely [ph] that got to be utilized in the worldwide final market today and as you see catalyst can really help solve that problem.
Unidentified Analyst: And just lastly are you seeing any better I guess there is active, are you seeing other than do anything irrational or try to grow out market share on the yields of your pricing action?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well its hard to isolate individual situation and say it there is a trend there, there is always going to be situations that come up and but generally there has been pretty reasonable support for this.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks very much. You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adela Marianna from SAC Capital, please proceed.
Adela Marianna – SAC Capital: As first take my question two quick ones, a part of me. First one, and I know you guys don’t give specifics but when you talked about the earnings in the second half of the year in quarter call that’s what being flat in the first half, which is working through some of the currents you guys talked about earlier I come out with the fourth quarter possibly being the biggest quarter of the year in terms of earnings. Am I actually correct there or?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: That’s I don’t know how you do the calculus for the but.
Adela Marianna – SAC Capital: I can just walk you through the I think essentially you talked about finalizing and sequentially you talked about the HPC catalyst for all getting better in the fourth quarter and then move on from there and then fine chemicals from receiving that you get a slight improvement in that in the month?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And then you have the tax rates go up to a more normalized 23.2%, so that will offset some of those banks. So it will cover probably be we execute roll out it could end up that way and if we done secure roll out, maybe so, I am getting close to giving guidance all that is required.
Adela Marianna – SAC Capital: Fair enough and then just a quick follow up on that math that you did on yours but, am I doing the math correct; if I add up the $0.05 cover and then value added the $0.02 and fine chemicals and the penny for June and July you essentially out of that sense we are on time causing this quarter offsetting the $0.06 cost benefit, is that how you think about it?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Adel you are worried I think you got the math right.
Adela Marianna – SAC Capital: Okay, correct. Then finally just one last question in terms of thinking about catalyst on I guess some color in terms HPC volumes and first try and what else the other to the revenue going forward for the segment of the whole we are taking 15% of the CC price over the Polymer catalysts and not just model CC part of the good year of pricing. Is 20% revenue growth staff on for that segment over all a verified number or I am not kind of [inaudible] number but I am just going to go [inaudible] kind of completely incorrect or [inaudible] excellent.
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Adela I know you’re not going to try to nail us down for the number but you get pretty close to that .
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Actually I don’t mind [inaudible].
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You know I think 20 is probably a higher number, 15 may be more in line with what, how we do work after capitals. But again as we end this year and communicate here and year end we will communicate what to expect for the next year.
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: You should know that mail plays a pretty big role in that and we saw deflation for instance in [inaudible] we could pull $60 million of that top line running, thinking about it so you know you just have to be careful in there how you use revenue. What you expect revenue from catalyst, there is so much of metal in fact there.
Adela Marianna – SAC Capital: Okay and then finally just one last question. Just thinking about the capital structure and the kind of how underway you are doing is it at some point that the stock price makes you get more urged to doing something more in the buy back or I mean what’s the right way to think about how long you guys wll let your balance to stay [inaudible] or doing something more aggressive?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think my priorities are to continue the growth further may they be organic or by doing [inaudible] that’s the top priority. But in the absence of those types of opportunities we had now to pay this buy back stock in the roll 40’s. We are cheaper. so but that kind where my head is and I think even half of next year it’s a good investment at that part.
Adela Marianna – SAC Capital: Fair enough, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of [inaudible] from [inaudible] investment. Please proceed.
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Hopefully that will be last for off set.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. With start off with the HPC facility in Daytona could you describe what’s entailed in bringing up in this facility?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes sure. You know once mechanically you have to go through where your series of dummy rounds if you will. Water or not a material but you really wanted individual sections to verify if it’s okay. Do all your you do the double check [inaudible] you make sure that’s it is all clean and crisp and then there is a series of travels that will run through it to produce commercial qualities with small volumes we produce commercial qualities. Then we put these batteries in the series of test, to validate if its good quality piece of standards that the industry expect to run. So that’s the process of underway as we speak today. As we get to examine this year we think we’re trying to make approving commercial rounds or product forms. So we’re confident that auto, right know have you mechanically completed the process beginning the test initiatives necessary to round up your spaces.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, the team is, the team has done a Herculean effort to mange this in a safe normally sound way. Not even the accidents. And sell of the equipments in good fashion so if we don’t make any mistakes we don’t. So those a lot of activity out of the way. It gets more actually [inaudible].
Unidentified Analyst: In the past moving to margins you have described that the consultment level you would like to see your businesses in 15%, 16%, 17%, things change depending on the term we’re talking about. How does raw material inflation as you look at FY08 and likely operating rate affect your confidence and those segment margins?
Mark C. Rohr – President and Chief Executive Officer: We are talking, no apostrophes as comparison, things are going to be 15% greater, seventh margin, income margin and of course for you guys as we in this year and start next talk about that, future with our targets as we establish 50% benchmark. We watch our program before the apples to apples compares a $10 per change in mildly $60 billion, $70 billion, $80 billion; I mean $10 projects $60 billion, $70 billion, $80 billion. I mean that kind of impact on margins in a [inaudible]. The flip side is we’ve got a lot of equation that we are expecting at little bit of high rate, our jobs got a whole time [inaudible]? So there is an angle that is kind of numbered, code number would expect the be able to keep those kind of numbers as we go forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Rich how do you suppose you FY08 affected tax rate assumption would compare to the average you foresee for FY07?
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Given increase in profitability that we anticipate to have next year and the fact that the bulk of that increase will be in tax restrictions and now we have the tax rate with the three high 20 pipe rate. We kind of, to a 20, 24 to 24.50 range kind of where I’m looking at tax rate per down next year.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew [inaudible] from [inaudible] Capital, please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, another good year catalyst margins that climbed sequentially after a strong 3Q FY06. I was wondering whether that was entirely type of volumes is that a normal trend you expect to repeat in the next few quarters?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well we improved when we look in the margins and catalyst Andrew we improved the JVs that support that business and so year-over-year, if you look at third quarter of FY06 we had, my numbers indicate 17.6% second margin and went to just under 19. So, and then sequentially we saw it go from 15.6 to just under 19. So we feel the teams have done a really good job there and if we need to clarify some numbers with you we would be happy to do that but really the cost of the board the revenue is we are down slightly in catalyst but that’s primarily due to a very strong demand in the third quarter of FY06 as some new regulations kicked in prior to the fourth quarter of FY06, we saw a big step up in our demand for HPC catalyst and very strong mix of last year in the third quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, I guess, I was looking on it before the JV interest?
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, the primary issue there would be the HPC impact we had some very strong very robust sulphur reducing catalyst systems shipped in the third quarter of FY06 to prepare for this new regulations kicking out.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Andrew this is Rich. You only look at the operating before JVs and even before minority interest you can be discarded view of how we different views on how we run the business. So it’s really important the way we run the business as our JV income in but also you take away the minority interest because we don’t have kind of partners’ interest and some of the business up and consolidate.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Well maybe look at the numbers in that range and sum that of.
Richard J. Diemer, Jr. – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
John M. Steitz - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in the queue; I will now like to turn the call back over to Sandra Rodriguez, Director of Investor Relations.
Sandra Rodriguez - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If there are any further questions, you can contact me at the number indicated on the press release. Have a great day everyone.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the participation you may now disconnect. Good day.
