===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Align Technology First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Joining me on today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued first quarter 2025 financial results today via Business Wire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 1 month. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We provided historical financial statements with corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our first quarter 2025 conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. On our call, I'll provide an overview of our first quarter results and discuss a few highlights from our 2 operating segments: Systems and Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial performance and comment on our views for Q2 and full year 2025. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. I'm pleased to report first quarter revenues, operating margin and earnings in line with our outlook. Fiscal 2025 is off to a good start with Q1 Clear Aligner volumes, up both sequentially and year-over-year, reflecting strength in both the teens and adult patient segments across all regions, driven year-over-year strength across the Asia Pacific and EMEA regions and growth in North America. It's also worth noting that Q1 was the highest year-over-year growth rate for both adult and teen patients since 2021. From a channel perspective, Q1 Clear Aligner volumes in the orthodontic and GP dentist channels increased year-over-year with a record number of total submitters and utilization for GP dentists for the first quarter. For our Systems and Services business, Q1 revenues were down sequentially, reflecting Q1 seasonality as well as unfavorable foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 Systems and Services revenues were up slightly, reflecting continued adoption of iTero Lumina scanner platform, as well as the launch of iTero Lumina with restorative software at the end of month. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 Clear Aligner volumes grew 6.2%, driven primarily by continued strength across EMEA and APAC regions as well as growth in North America, offset by lower volumes in Latin America region. For North America, Q1 year-over-year increase in Clear Aligner volumes reflects continued adoption of Invisalign First for teens and kids, Invisalign DSP touch-up cases and Invisalign Comprehensive Three and Three. On a sequential basis, Q1 North America Clear Aligner volumes primarily reflect growth from Invisalign DSP touch-up cases, Invisalign Palate Expander system, as well as Invisalign Comprehensive Three and Three. For the EMEA region, Q1 year-over-year Clear Aligner volume growth primarily reflects strength across the region in both the ortho and GP channels across teens, kids and adult patients. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 EMEA volumes reflect continued adoption of Invisalign noncomprehensive cases, primarily driven by Invisalign Moderate, Invisalign DSP touch-up cases, as well as the initial launch of the Invisalign Palate Expander across EMEA region in Q1. On a sequential basis, Q1 EMEA growth was driven primarily by Invisalign DSP touch-up cases. For the APAC region, Q1 year-over-year Clear Aligner volume growth reflects increased utilization and submitters in both ortho and GP channels across teen, kid and adult patients in nearly all country markets. On a sequential basis, Q1 growth reflects strength from China and many of our emerging markets, led by India and Korea. From a product perspective in Invisalign First, Invisalign Standard and Adult products drove Q1 growth in APAC, both on a year-over-year and sequential basis. For Q1, we had over 85,000 doctors submitters worldwide for a record total for first quarter, primarily reflecting a sequential increase in Clear Aligner volume for teens, kids and adults in both noncomprehensive and comprehensive cases. In the teen and growing kids segment, approximately 226,000 teens and kids started treatment with Invisalign Clear Aligners during the first quarter, an increase of 4.5% sequentially and an increase of 13.3% year-over-year, reflecting growth across regions, especially from Invisalign First in the APAC and EMEA regions in North America, as well as growth from the Invisalign Palate Expander system in North America. For Q1, the number of doctors submitting case starts for teens and kids was up 2.1% year-over-year, led by continued strength from doctors treating young kids and growing patients. During the quarter, we continued to commercialize the Invisalign Palate Expander system with continued momentum for doctor submitters and shipments. In Q1, we announced that Align's Invisalign Palate Expander system was commercially available in Turkey, and today, we received confirmation of regulatory clearance in China. Along with Turkey and China, the Invisalign Palate Expander is available in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, Thailand, EU, U.K., UAE and Switzerland, and is expected to be available in additional markets following regulatory clearances. This month, we announced the commercial availability of the Invisalign system with Mandibular Advancement featuring Occlusal Blocks designed specifically to address Class II skeletal and dental correction by simultaneously advancing the mandible while aligning the teeth. Class II malocclusion is one of the most common orthodontic issues, characterized by a discrepancy and jaw alignment, where the lower jaw is positioned too far back relative to the upper jaw. It represents approximately 30% to 45% of malocclusions globally. Left untreated, this condition can lead to functional, aesthetic and other challenges for patients. The Invisalign system with Mandibular Advancement featuring Occlusal Blocks is a direct response to the needs of orthodontic practices and underscores Align's ongoing commitment to innovation in orthodontics that enhances clinical outcomes and the patient experience. By integrating occlusal blocks into the Mandibular Advancement feature, we are providing doctors with a powerful new tool that they have asked for to effectively treat growing patients with Class II malocclusions while maintaining the aesthetic and comfort benefits of Clear Aligner therapy. The Invisalign system with Mandibular Advancement featuring Occlusal Blocks is available to Invisalign trained doctors in the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. It was just launched in most EMEA countries this week, and we expect to be introduced in additional markets through 2025 pending regulatory clearance. Along with the Invisalign Palate Expander system and Invisalign First, the latest innovation supports the commitment to establishing a unique and differentiated portfolio that supports growing patients throughout their continuum of care. Dental service organizations, or DSOs, continue to present 1 of the fastest-growing channels in digital dentistry as they recognize the practice and patient experience benefits of digital workflows, enabled by our portfolio of products and services that make up the Align digital platform. This includes increased practice efficiency and profitability, as well as delivering a shorter treatment appointment cycle times for their patients. In short, DSOs are a force multiplier for practice growth in Invisalign adoption. For Q1, Clear Aligner volume from DSO customers worldwide increased sequentially and year-over-year, reflecting growth across all regions. Q1 iTero scanner sales growth was also strong with DSOs as they continue to investing in their member practices and end-to-end digital workflows. The DSO business growth continues to outpace that of our retail doctors, driven primarily by some of the largest DSOs in each region. Turning to Systems and Services. For Q1, year-over-year revenue growth primarily reflects scanner and wand revenue driven by iTero Lumina, wand upgrades, partially offset by lower scanner revenues and the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange. For Q1, we delivered more scanner systems and wands in a quarter than ever before. On a sequential basis, Q1 Systems and Services revenues were down, reflecting capital equipment seasonality, partially offset by higher iTero Lumina scanner wand upgrades. In Q1, we launched new restorative capabilities and our next-generation iTero Lumina intraoral scanner and a new iTero Lumina Pro dental imaging system with iTero NIRI technology to enable efficient restorative and multidisciplinary workflows and support the diagnosis of interproximal carries above the gingiva. The new storage capabilities of iTero Lumina improves GP dentists' ability to diagnose and develop treatment plans that deliver exceptional clinical outcomes while concurrently helping GPs collaborate more effectively with their restorative lab, deliver incredible precise, custom-fitting restorations and reach new levels of practice efficiency and growth. The iTero Lumina intraoral scanner with iTero Multi-Direct Capture or MDC technology sets a new standard with effortless scanning and superior visualizations, and feedback from doctors, labs and other stakeholders regarding our Lumina portfolio has been positive. It's intuitive design and ease of scanning is appealing, is making everyday scanning more viable, especially when compared to other scanners. Like any breakthrough technology, it's important to ensure that doctors and their staffs are properly trained on scanning. Even the most experienced iTero users may indeed to unlearn previous scanning techniques. We are working closely with our teams to offer follow-up training for our customers and their staff. The iTero Lumina intraoral scanner delivers faster scanning speed, higher accuracy, superior visualization, and a more comfortable scanning experience. The iTero Lumina solutions include superior 3D and 2D visualizations that augment and amplify oral health assessment and patient communication using the Align Oral Health suite designed to increase patient engagement with greater visual understanding of their oral health conditions. Following regulatory clearances in applicable countries starting earlier this month, existing iTero Lumina scanner owners began upgrading to the new software, which includes restorative and diagnostic capabilities. We're excited about the continued technology evolution we deliver with iTero Lumina system and the depth of tools and features that it offers for imaging, diagnostics, treatment planning, visualization restorations and so much more. iTero has always been much more than a PBS replacement, and with iTero Lumina has truly become the gateway to digital treatment for orthodontics and any type of GP practice from family dentistry to high-end aesthetic practices. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q1 financial results. Total revenues for the first quarter were $979.3 million, down 1.6% from the prior quarter and down 1.8% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. On a constant currency basis, Q1 revenues were unfavorably impacted by approximately $21.4 million or approximately 2.1% sequentially and were unfavorably impacted by approximately $31.1 million year-over-year or approximately 3.1%. For Clear Aligners, Q1 revenues of $796.8 million were up 0.3% sequentially, primarily from higher volumes, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange. Unfavorable foreign exchange impacted Q1 Clear Aligner revenues by approximately $17.9 million or approximately 2.2% sequentially. Q1 Clear Aligner average per case shipment price of $1,240 decreased by $25 on a sequential basis, primarily due to the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 Clear Aligner revenues were down 2.5%, primarily due to unfavorable foreign exchange of $25.8 million or approximately 3.1% and lower ASPs due to product mix shift to lower-priced products and discounts, partially offset by higher volumes. Q1 Clear Aligner average per case shipment price of $1,240 was down $110 on a year-over-year basis, primarily due to higher discounts, product mix shift to lower-priced products and the impact from unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by price increases. Clear Aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet as of March 31, 2025 decreased $9.3 million or 0.8% sequentially and decreased $74.7 million or 5.8% year-over-year and will be recognized as additional aligners are shipped under the -- each sales contract. Q1 Systems and Services revenue of $182.4 million were down 9.2% sequentially, primarily due to lower scanner systems revenue -- revenues and unfavorable foreign exchange. This was partially offset by increased scanner wand revenues, mostly due to iTero Lumina wand upgrades. Q1 Systems and Services revenue were up 1.2% year-over-year, primarily due to higher iTero Lumina scanner wand revenues, partially offset by lower scanner systems revenues and unfavorable foreign exchange. Foreign exchange negatively impacted Q1 Systems and Services revenues by approximately $3.5 million or approximately 1.9% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, System and Services revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $5.3 million or approximately 2.8%. Systems and Services deferred revenues decreased $11.3 million or 5.1% sequentially and decreased $37.2 million or 15.2% year-over-year, primarily due to decline in deferred revenues due in part to shorter duration of service contracts applicable to initial scanner system purchases. Moving on to gross margin. First quarter overall gross margin was 69.5%, down 0.6 points sequentially and down 0.5 points year-over-year. Foreign exchange negatively impacted the overall gross margin by 0.7 points sequentially and 0.9 points on a year-over-year. Clear Aligner gross margin for the first quarter was 70.5%, up 0.4 points sequentially due primarily to lower manufacturing costs and lower restructuring expenses, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 0.6 points. Clear Aligner gross margin for the first quarter was down 0.3 points year-over-year, primarily due to unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by lower manufacturing spend. Foreign exchange negatively impacted Clear Aligner gross margin by 0.9 points year-over-year. Systems and Services gross margin for the first quarter was 64.7%, down 4.7 points sequentially, primarily due to lower wand ASPs and unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by manufacturing efficiencies. Foreign exchange negatively impacted the Systems and Services gross margin by 0.7 points sequentially. Systems and Services gross margin for the first quarter was down 1.2 points year-over-year primarily due to lower scanner and wand ASPs and unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by manufacturing and services efficiencies. Foreign exchange negatively impacted the Systems and Services gross margin by 1.0 points year-over-year. Q1 operating expenses were $549 million, down 0.7% sequentially and up 1% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, we saw a $3.8 million decrease in operating expenses, primarily due to lower restructuring and other nonrecurring charges in Q1, which were partially offset by consumer marketing spend. Year-over-year, operating expenses increased by $5.3 million, primarily due to our continued investments in R&D activities. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation, restructuring and other charges and amortization of acquired intangibles related to certain acquisitions and legal settlement loss, operating expenses were $500.7 million, up 5.5% sequentially and down 1.1% year-over-year. Our first quarter operating income of $131.1 million resulted in an operating margin of 13.4%, down 1.1 points sequentially and down 2.1 points year-over-year. Foreign exchange negatively impacted operating margin by approximately 1.1 points sequentially and 1.4 points year-over-year. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, restructuring and other charges, amortization of intangibles related to certain acquisitions and legal settlement loss, operating margin for the first quarter was 19.1%, down 4.1 points sequentially and down 0.7 points year-over-year. Interest and other income expense, net for the first quarter, was an income of $9.3 million compared to an expense of $3.4 million in Q4 '24, driven by favorable foreign exchange movements, partially offset by lower interest income and gain on investments from last quarter. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 interest and other income and expense were favorable compared to income of $4.3 million in Q1 '24, primarily driven by favorable foreign exchange movements, partially offset by gain on investments in the first quarter of the prior year. The GAAP effective tax rate in the first quarter was 33.6% compared to 26.3% in the fourth quarter of last year and 33.7% in the first quarter of the prior year. The first quarter GAAP effective tax rate was higher than the fourth quarter effective tax rate, primarily due to the tax expense recognized related to stock-based compensation and the release of uncertain tax provision reserves in Q4 of '24, partially offset by a onetime tax deferred tax adjustment in foreign jurisdictions in Q4 of '24. The first quarter GAAP effective tax rate was roughly in line with the first quarter effective tax rate of the prior year. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate in the first quarter was 20%, which reflects our long-term projected tax rate. First quarter net income per diluted share was $1.27, down $0.13 sequentially and down $0.13 compared to the prior year. Foreign exchange negatively impacted our EPS by $0.08 on a sequential basis and $0.12 on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.13 for the first quarter, down $0.31 sequentially and down $0.01 year-over-year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of March 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents were $873 million, down sequentially $170.9 million and up $7.2 million year-over-year. Of our $873 million balance, $133.1 million was held in the U.S. and $739.9 million was held by our international entities. During Q1, we repurchased the remaining $72.1 million of the $270 million -- $275 million open market repurchase initiated in Q4 of '24. In Q1, we initiated a new plan to repurchase the remaining $225 million of our common stock under the -- our January 2023 approved stock repurchase program of $1 billion through open market repurchases. As of March 31, 2025, we had repurchased $129 million. Once completed, this open market repurchase will complete our $1 billion stock repurchase program approved in January of 2023. Q1 accounts receivable balance was $1.062 billion, up sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 97 days, up approximately 7 days sequentially and up approximately 11 days as compared to Q1 last year and primarily reflects flexible payment terms we have extended as part of our ongoing efforts to support Invisalign practices. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $52.7 million. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $25.3 million, primarily related to investments in our manufacturing capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations minus capital expenditures, amounted to $27.4 million. Before I turn to our Q2 and fiscal 2025 outlook, I'd like to provide the following remarks regarding the U.K. VAT and U.S. tariffs as of April 30. As previously disclosed in our Q4 '24 earnings release and conference call, we anticipated receiving a ruling regarding the applicability of VAT to our Clear Aligner sales in the U.K. On April 24, 2025, we received a favorable ruling in which the tribunal determined that our Clear Aligners are dental prosthesis for the purposes of VAT in the U.K., which is key condition to be considered exempt from VAT. This outcome reaffirms our commitment to enhancing patient access to oral health, leveraging digital technology. HMRC has until June 19 to appeal the tribunal's ruling. HMRC may also attempt to challenge the applicability of VAT on a different basis. Moving on to tariffs. Align Technology has Clear Aligner manufacturing operations in Mexico, Poland and China. For the U.S. domestic market, we currently manufacture clear aligners in Mexico prior to shipment to the U.S. Align does not currently ship clear aligners from Poland or China to the U.S. We currently manufacture clear aligners for the Chinese market in China. Our clear aligners and intraoral scanners made in Mexico that are imported into the U.S. are compliant with the United States-Mexico-Canada agreement, USMCA. As noted in President Trump's Executive Order dated April 2, 2025, USMCA-compliant goods are exempt from tariffs under the Executive Order. However, the U.S.-Mexico tariff situation remains fluid, and we are unable to predict whether USMCA-compliant products will remain exempt, whether there will be other changes to the announced Executive Order or if other tariffs will be imposed in the future. We expect an incremental tariff, if implemented, to be applied to the transfer price on goods shipped for Mexico. With respect to our clear aligners made in China, all manufacturing for China takes place in China. We have assessed the potential impact of China's retaliatory tariffs and believe that we are able to mitigate most of the tariff exposure through adjustments in our supply chain. Based on the current situation, we do not expect a significant impact to our costs from these retaliatory tariffs. We have also assessed the potential direct impact of additional U.S. tariffs on China on our business and currently do not expect to realize a significant impact from these retaliatory tariffs. Our intraoral scanner manufacturing primarily occurs in Israel, with scanners shipped from there to worldwide locations. We produce a small number of scanners in China primarily for the market. Regarding tariffs on Israel goods imported into the U.S., at the current 10% baseline tariff, we estimate the average monthly potential impact to be approximately $1 million, which we have considered in our guidance for Q2 and fiscal 2025. Moving on to 2025 business outlook. Assuming no circumstances occur beyond our control, such as foreign exchange, macroeconomic conditions and changes to our currently known tariffs that could impact our business, we expect Q2 2025 worldwide revenues to be in the range of $1.05 billion to $1.07 billion, up sequentially from Q1 2025. We expect Q2 '25 Clear Aligner volume to be up sequentially and Q2 '25 Clear Aligner ASPs to also be up sequentially due to favorable foreign exchange at current spot rates, partially offset by the continued product mix shift to noncomprehensive Clear Aligner products with lower list prices. We expect Q2 '25 Systems and Services revenue to be up sequentially as we continue to ramp up the iTero Lumina scanner with restorative software. We expect Q2 '25 worldwide gross margin to be up sequentially, primarily from higher ASPs and Clear Aligner volume. We expect our Q2 '25 GAAP operating margin and Q2 '25 non-GAAP operating margin to be up sequentially by approximately 3 points for each GAAP and non-GAAP operating margins. For fiscal 2025, we expect -- 2025 Clear Aligner volume growth to be up approximately mid-single digits year-over-year. We expect 2025 Clear Aligner ASPs to be down year-over-year due to continued product mix shift to noncomprehensive Clear Aligner products with lower list prices and continued growth in our emerging markets where those products may carry lower list prices. We expect 2025 Systems and Services revenues -- Systems and Services year-over-year revenues to grow faster than Clear Aligner revenues. We expect 2025 year-over-year revenue growth to be in the range of 3.5% to 5.5% at current spot rates. We expect fiscal 2025 GAAP operating margin to be approximately 2 points above the 2024 GAAP operating margin. And we expect 2025 non-GAAP operating margin to be approximately 22.5%. We expect our investments in capital expenditures for fiscal 2025 to be between $100 million and $150 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to technology upgrades as well as manufacturing capacity in support of our ongoing business. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John. I'm pleased with the results of our first quarter, the strength of our Clear Aligner business, including the return to stability in the United States and the response to our recent innovations such as Invisalign Palate Expander system at iTero Lumina. All of us are aware of the global economic uncertainty and the headwinds that tariffs or changes in the consumer sentiment might bring. Align is focused on what we can control. As I mentioned last quarter, that means building on the innovations introduced in 2024 that drive efficiency and growth for our customers' practices while delivering the best customer and patient experiences in the industry. First, through our digital scanning technology. While iTero has long been valued in the orthodontic and GP practices as much more than a replacement for PBS impressions, our next-generation iTero Lumina solution with comprehensive dentistry capabilities provides transformative solutions for GP dental practices to enable diagnostics, restorative and multidisciplinary ortho restorative workflows, including NIRI technology and the iTero Lumina Pro dental imaging system. With iTero Lumina, we truly have a gateway to any type of digital orthodontic and dental treatment. Second, driving practice transformation to fully digital practices must address 2 key variables: Doctor and patient efficiency. Less patient chair time and fewer patient visits increases practice profitability. We're helping customers drive efficiency and create more time and capacity in their practices with our digital treatment planning software, delivering ClinCheck in minutes for most treatment plans. The latest innovations in the ClinCheck Signature experience combines automation of each doctor's clinical preferences with AI-powered tools that deliver customized treatment plans in near real time. Based on doctors' building personalized treatment preferences or prepopulated templates, a doctor chooses our almost touchless digital workflows, ClinCheck in minutes technology, which is revolutionizing treatment planning for doctors and enabling chair side treatment planning, improving patient conversion and getting patients started in treatments within days. Next, we're building on the world's most advanced Clear Aligner system to make it even more effective and efficient for all patients with innovations such as the Invisalign system with Mandibular Advancement featuring Occlusal Blocks, that expands Align's Class II treatment portfolio for growing patients with a comprehensive solution for treating growing patients in Class II malocclusions caused by mandibular retrusion. Finally, we're delivering on the promise of 3D technology that is part of Align's DNA with direct 3D-printed orthodontic devices, demonstrating our commitment to pushing the boundaries of digital orthodontics. The first example is the Invisalign Palate Expander system, a series of removable devices that expand a patient's palate without traditional metal expanders and screws in a way that is both effective clinically and comfortable and easy to use for kids and parents. This is the first direct 3D-printed appliance Align has commercialized. With others in development, we believe direct 3D printing will give doctors new levels of precision and appliance fit and shape and deliver the best possible outcome for patients. As we celebrate 28 years of digital innovation this year, we're also proud to be grateful and highlight that we've met a significant milestone with over 20 million Invisalign patients treated globally, representing 20 million smiles, 20 million stories and 20 million lives transformed, a testament to the passion and purpose of our employees, our doctor customers and their patients. With that, I thank you for your time today. I look forward to speaking with you at our Investor Day meeting next week. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Brandon Vazquez from William Blair.
Brandon Vazquez: Congrats on nice start of the year here. I thought maybe just to start, I was pleasantly surprised that kind of the strength in the quarter and the strength of the guide, given historically, we've relied a lot on -- and we've talked a lot about the ties of consumer sentiment and to the dental space. So again, kind of a nice surprise in this quarter. I was hoping you guys can just spend a little time talking -- we saw consumer sentiment come down, but it seems like the business is doing well. So talk a little bit about maybe why that's decoupling and what kind of confidence that gives you in the guidance on a go-forward basis, even though in April, we were seeing sentiment go down?
Joseph Hogan: Brandon, it's Joe. Thanks for the question. We saw good volume. It's great to see North America grow again. It's been a while, as I mentioned. We have good strength in APAC overall, including China. And Europe, really across the board in Europe, we saw good demand also. And obviously, the Lumina scanner coming out now with restorative capability gives us a tailwind in that sense, too. So -- and what I would love also was the teen, you saw teens grow, but you also saw adults grow also. So when I just end that comment by saying we saw breadth in the sense of the growth, whether it was product line or whether it's by country or region and also by our different segments, including iTero.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vik Chopra from Wells Fargo.
Vik Chopra: Can you hear me? Thanks for taking the question, and congrats on a nice quarter. Maybe just 2 for me. I appreciate all the color you provided on the tariff front. But can you just talk about plans to potentially mitigate this by moving production to different locations or putting in some price increases? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Joseph Hogan: Vik, it's Joe. Look, obviously, we're, I think, pretty well situated right now when you look at how the tariffs would affect us. We're in China for China. And as John said, there's some material movements in all that we'll take care of it. We don't see much of an impact there, if anything. We're good with Mexico right now. We feel pretty solid on that. And our Poland plant is fully operational and working well in Europe. I guess the only issue we really have is iTero, a lot of the shipments are coming out of Israel, but we have some plans, we'll be able to address that. But as you can see in our forecast, we're planning on holding our margin that we've committed to. And so we think we'll be able to mitigate that. So overall, I feel fortunate. I think we positioned ourselves as a truly global business, meaning we have global supply lines in each 1 of those specific regions that we can maximize and work through. And so we feel good about the situation right now. But as I mentioned in my comments, too, is there's a lot of volatility out there, but we feel we're well positioned in the sense of what we've seen so far.
Vik Chopra: Got it. That's super helpful. And you're hosting a much anticipated Investor Day next week. I'm just wondering if you can just provide some insight as to what we can expect next week?
Joseph Hogan: I think what you can expect is we'll give you a good portfolio look at the company, a good demand, what we think the next few years look like in a sense of how we're positioned overall from a technology standpoint and also a commercial standpoint. It's been a while since we've been with our investors. So we're really excited to share with you. We've developed a lot since the last meeting, and we look forward to the time in New York.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Jon Block from Stifel.
Jon Block: The first one, John, will have some sort of detailed questions on the 2025 revenue guidance. So I think I got it right. You raised it from low single digits to 4.5% at the midpoint. The language around ASPs didn't change. I still expect it to be down low single digits year-over-year. The Clear Aligner language didn't change. The ball is still expected to be up mid-single digits year-over-year. So maybe it's a pretty straightforward question. But like any more color on the ASPs? Are the ASP thoughts basically, call it unchanged from 3 months ago, but now we should be thinking like down 1 and the prior was down 3, that both fits the LSD narrative with that 200 basis point delta sort of specific to just updating for the spot rate? And let me know if that came across well.
John Morici: Yes. That is accurate, the way you phrased that, John.
Jon Block: Okay. That was an easy one, concise. So I'll get another one. Joe, I'd love to spend time on teen. I mean, this was always sort of like the holy grail and it went to the moon during COVID and then you had some tough comps and here you are with new products and the double-digit growth of 13%, it was a pretty good beat on teen versus where we were. The 2-year stack is mid-20s. It wasn't up against an easy comp. So the 13 off the 12. Maybe just elaborate on that? Like what are you seeing with IPE? Clearly, that's helping the balls, but are you seeing the IPE to alignment pull-through, which I think we would still be in the early stages of that? And maybe I'm getting a little bit aggressive here, but can we think about teen as this low double-digit plus grower going forward as long as the innovation continues to step up and you got MA with occlusal blocks first hitting the market?
Joseph Hogan: Yes. Jon, first of all, I like the breadth of what you saw in teen. We saw it across each geography, too. Obviously, IPE is a big part of that, but it combines well with Invisalign First. We see that. Some doctors specified immediately, some in sequence. But overall, that's just a great -- we call it kids' product. We have it in the teen segment. But those 2 products function very well together. You're right about Mandibular Advancement with the occlusal blocks. It addresses the twin block kind of a system that's been out there for years is kind of an invasive system. And we've done that before, Mandibular Advancement, but not to the extent that these strong occlusal blocks will be able to address the Class II, like I mentioned before. So I feel -- and I feel good about our distribution capability in each geography to take that kind of technology forward. There's a lot of specificity in stuff like IPE. And obviously, occlusal blocks is you need a great distribution team to be able to explain and help to integrate in doctors' offices. So I hope I have answered your question, Jon. But overall, it's not just like 1 region or 1 product. It's really good synergy in our portfolio across the different regions.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird.
Jeff Johnson: So let me ask, I guess, Jon's ASP question, but let me kind of dig down a little bit more. If I can ask 1 question about ASPs this quarter and then 1 question about ASPs going forward. Hopefully, that's all blended, it counts as 1 question. But John, I think ASPs were down 8.2% year-over-year, not sequentially, 8.2% year-over-year this quarter. Can you just remind us how much the VAT, the price discount you had to give to normalize that VAT impact to the U.K. got, how much that contributed out of that 8.2% and how much FX contributed as a negative headwind? I think that was 200 basis points by my math, but just trying to confirm that?
John Morici: Yes. The FX is that impact that we have on a year-over-year basis. So we have unfavorable FX. I mean, on a year-over-year basis, the FX on the overall company is 3.1 points. And then remember, we started the VAT -- withholding the VAT a year ago in Q1. So on a year-over-year basis, it's already in the baseline numbers from last year.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. And then on going forward, currency should switch to a positive contributor to ASPs. You mentioned the 310, I thought that was the top line impact, but just is that the flow-through impact ASPs as well, the 310 headwind in the first quarter? But going forward, FX switches to a positive tailwind. Any -- at spot rates, can you just kind of put us in the ballpark there? I can do my math later tonight, but I would love to hear your opinion there. And then if the HMRC doesn't appeal, can you reraise those U.K. prices? Would that actually be a contributor? Or do you stick at these prices? You just don't have to pay that VAT -- the providers don't have to pay that VAT tax. I guess, does that -- could that potentially switch to an ASP tailwind? And then lastly, just MAOB, the Mandibular Advancement blocks. I think I was hearing that that's going to be $100 add-on charge. If we start mixing more and more MA cases, does that theoretically then drive a little bit of ASP tailwind the way IPE and DSP is creating a little bit of ASP headwind right now?
John Morici: Okay. Let me try to take these 3 ASP questions, Jeff, on this. So MAOB, yes, slightly higher price, that would help our overall ASP as we sell more of that premium product on our comprehensive cases, and we'd add to that for the pricing on that. Regarding the U.K., we have to hear back on whether HMRC will appeal and what they do. We have a lot of flexibility to that if we win. Either they don't appeal or win an appeal, we can always make changes to our discount and not discount as much. And if we do that, then that gives us a benefit in ASP going forward. That has not been contemplated in our forward-looking ASP. I'm just kind of taking the U.K. VAT impact completely out from a forecast. But it does give us flexibility, depending on what HMRC decides to do or if it gets -- works its way through. And then regarding overall FX, yes, it turns into now at current spot rates, a slight benefit on a year-over-year basis. And then you still have what we've talked about before, just that list price, lower list price products, which would be comprehensive as well as some of the other growth in certain countries just at a lower list price. But gross margin, as you know, is in many cases, favorable as a result of those lower-stage products because the cost to serve for us is less. But that's how the dynamics shape up for ASPs.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny from Leerink Partners.
Michael Cherny: Congrats on a really nice quarter in the guidance. I just want to make sure we have all the pieces right. I'm not going to do as much mental math as Jeff, names a little slower there. But in terms of the margin uptick that you now expect, nice margin expansion of the year, how much of it do you -- would you accrue to kind of better revenue expectations on an organic basis for operational changes? I know we've spent a lot of time talking about the ASP regarding the impact from FX there, but anything else you can allude to relative to the operating margin drop down, how much of it has been within your control versus how much is market conditions would be great.
John Morici: I think when you look at our margin expansion -- and like I said in the prepared remarks, that's still net -- so 70 basis point improvement in op margin from 2024 to 2025 with the known tariff impact that we would have now. And where we're seeing the expansion and improvements is continuing to improve our manufacturing efficiencies with volume, with material savings, logistical savings, things that we talk about from an innovation standpoint when we do touchless ClinCheck, a lot of less activity for us, as well as some of the new products that we have that are at good margins. Some of them higher ASP like we talked about with MAOB and so on. So it's really a host of initiatives that we have. It's what we continue to do in the business. And with this forecast, we're pleased to report that as we know tariffs now, we can still get to our margin targets that we have because we're seeing productivity in other areas.
Michael Cherny: Got it. Just 1 really quick last follow-up. Could you give the DSP number for the quarter? I apologize if I missed it in the slides or anywhere else.
John Morici: No, we did not give the DSP. But as we've said in our prepared remarks and what we see is this helps grow the low stage part of our portfolio. It's rolling out in other areas, and we're pleased with the performance.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: I wanted to first start on two financing topics. We saw higher rates, credit denials were an issue over the past year or so. You've got a new preferred financing partner in HFD. Just curious if you're seeing that help resolve any of the challenges with consumers early on in that relationship? And then on the provider side, John, I think you said that you attributed the rise in DSOs to expanding financing or better favorable terms to practices. I just want to understand what's going on there, if you could double-click, just -- to be blunt, it's a pretty big increase in DSOs for a policy you've had in place for multiple years. So just wondering what's changed just in the last few months that would materially shift that line higher?
John Morici: Yes. I think really, you highlighted kind of the components about how people pay in general. So you have some patients that just paid directly, and they paid 100% of the cases that -- the treatment that they want. So that happens in many markets, and that continues. Maybe it's less of that because of some of the pressures that they might be facing. So the other two ways that HFD patients will pay is some will utilize some of the doctor financing. So they'll kind of pay as you go through the doctor. That's where really it helps to have favorable terms with those doctors so that we can provide a little bit a longer time for them to pay. And we continue that effort so that those doctors can take a little bit more time to pay us back so that they can use their balance sheet or their working capital to help kind of that patient financing that they'll provide. And then the third way is external, and HFD is 1 of them. There's many different companies that provide this, but we're seeing a good combination of finding the right way to get to HFD, meeting the requirements that they have. Or others that are providing this and getting those potential patients into financing. So we're seeing a good combination of this, but we know that how much things cost and how much they have to pay over a monthly basis is important. And this is a good way to offset that.
Jason Bednar: Okay. All right. Understood. And then just maybe real quick on some of the tariff dynamics and not necessarily as it influences what you have to pay, but more so from a competitive standpoint, it seems like you might have some competitors that may get dislocated or may have -- may be facing higher costs as they have to import or reconfigure their supply chains. It seems like this is a good opportunity to lean in with your business. But I want to ask, are you seeing any dislocation with doctor customers? Is that happening where you're now, call it, relatively more favorable from a cost perspective than maybe what you were pre-tariffs?
Joseph Hogan: It's Joe. I'd say we haven't seen anything material in that sense it changed so far. And I can't really speak of our -- most of our competitors' supply lines. It's a lot of intricacies in the sense of manufacturing whatever. But obviously, some of them are going to be very disadvantaged. We don't know to what extent. But we just continue to operate in the marketplace, focus on what we can focus on, like I mentioned, our product capability, our digital platform, iTero Lumina and just the efficiencies that we really can gain with doctors. So we'll let the tariffs kind of take care of themselves. We'll see how that goes. But we really feel good about our position in it, and we'll continue to execute.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Steve Valiquette from Mizuho Securities.
Steve Valiquette: So one of my questions was just answered on the tariffs. I think I'll just hold off on that one. But one of the things that you mentioned, you said that you assessed the potential impact of China's retaliatory tariffs and you believe you're able to mitigate the tariff exposure through adjustments in your supply chain. I guess my high level thought was that if you're manufacturing in China for the Chinese market, you would essentially have 0 impact from tariffs. But -- so I'm not sure if I'm reading too much into your wording there, but just hoping that you can provide a little more color on the dynamics on making adjustments to your supply chain?
John Morici: Yes, you're right, Steve. From a product movement between China and the U.S. and vice versa, there's no movement across it. There are some raw materials that -- for our China manufacturing location, there are some raw materials that come from U.S. as well as other places. That's the piece that we're adjusting from a supply standpoint so that it should not impact us from a tariff standpoint.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question will come from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: Thanks so much for the question. So I see what you're saying about the 2Q guidance, and I understand what you've been saying in some of the math about the FX slip in things. You're talking about in the 2Q guidance, cases, volume being up sequentially. Can you set us -- but obviously, a lot of the 1Q results happened sort of BT, before tariffs. Can you sort of talk about the demand? Are you starting to see any impact on demand? Would you characterize the demand since sort of the tariff announcement as broadly stable? Like, I guess, any sort of color you could help provide on that would be helpful just as people kind of put through the puts and takes of the current macro choppiness. And then I have a follow-up.
John Morici: Yes. No, Elizabeth, this is John. Look, we were pleased with our volume and our performance in Q1 despite some of the choppiness that people allude to and so on. When we look at how we're guiding and what we're using, it's the normal process that we go through to be able to come up with guidance. And we're showing that we expect that sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2. I think I would just remind everybody that it's a global business. There's a lot of different parts to our business and various products as well that I think sometimes gets a little bit lost. So I think if you look at the global breadth of our business, the strength that we saw in EMEA and APAC and the stability that we saw in the Americas, there's always something about tariffs and some of the noise around that, but we're guiding for that increase in and it's based on the data that we see.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. And as a follow-up, obviously, you've launched the restorative iTero at IDS, you're at lead in the quarter. So I would assume that there's almost no benefit in the first quarter from that. Can you sort of help us think through sort of the uptake for that and sort of how you expect that based on sort of prior launches to come across as you sort of launch the new products like the -- with the Lumina ortho version last year?
Joseph Hogan: The second version is a restorative scanner. Obviously, as you know, Elizabeth, and so it's broadening a GP segment that we're focused on right now. Obviously, we'll deliver to our channels, so it will deliver globally. We feel really good about some of the capability of that from a storage standpoint. It's -- we're seeing images right now that -- most of these images will go to labs, and it's a restorative procedure. And we're pretty excited about the degree of detail and specificity that Lumina has because of its multiprojection type of a system. So I can't tell you what the exact growth is going to be. I can tell you we'll take it to the marketplace. We'll take it from the lab side and the GP side. And we feel really good about our competitive positioning. Much stronger we feel in the restorative way than some of our scanners in the past. I hope that helps.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Erin Wright from Morgan Stanley.
Erin Wright: I'll ask them both upfront here. On teen, I guess, any metrics that you have on the actual conversion rates of Invisalign First and Palate Expander and how you're seeing that translate into growth there? I know it was asked earlier at a more higher level, but curious if we are hitting that inflection point and what some of those metrics may be? And maybe it's just too early. And then the second question I have is just on direct fab and your latest thoughts on contributions, where you're at with sort of the initiative and how that should progress? And maybe we wait for Investor Day on that, but the potential contributions there?
Joseph Hogan: First of all, from a teen conversion standpoint, I wouldn't say we're hitting critical mass or something like that. But I mean, what you see is in that preteen or kids stage, we do have a very strong portfolio in that Phase I area that orthodontists talk about. Obviously, they're excited about it because there's a group of products that are much simpler from a patient standpoint, a lot less painstaking, I'd say, than before. And so we see, really all over the world, a good uptake and interest in those product lines as we expected. And I'd say that includes Mandibular Advancement, that also happens. So it will take time for that penetration piece. There's nothing about this market that moves really quickly in the sense it's an individual doctor's office piece by piece all over the world, but we certainly feel really good with the momentum of those 3 products in general in kids. Overall, from a -- when I look around a world right now, I just think from a -- we have good momentum, like I mentioned before, in every region that we've had. We haven't seen this since 2021. The teen growth overall being double digits is terrific. So the penetration rate is improving. But I think we have to take this thing quarter-to-quarter and report to you on it. I hope that helps.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Mike Ryskin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Mike Ryskin: Appreciate you squeezing me in. A couple of small ones, just kind of following up on prior points people brought up, so I'm shooting real quick. You talked about tariffs, you talked about China. I kind of want to talk about the indirect impact of tariffs, the trade war. There's a lot of thoughts of maybe indirectly, China will try to punish American companies by sort of pushing people towards local brands even more, the question, how much they can really do that. But just from that perspective, are you seeing anything? Obviously, you've got a local competitor there. So just thoughts on that? And what have you kind of assumed for rest of the year if that trade war continues to escalate?
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Mike, based on what we saw in the first quarter, obviously, we're looking for that is there's some kind of consumer backlash. We haven't really experienced that at all. We had a good quarter in China across the board. And so as far as where we stand today, we haven't seen that kind of an issue. And again, I think we're -- we're an in-China, for-China type of company there, too. And then obviously, we're a Western company, but we don't deliver from a Western sense. We deliver within that country, the technology, the manufacturing, the treatment planning and all those things. And so it's very local in the sense of how we operate there.
Mike Ryskin: Okay. Great. And then you talked about FX on revenues in ASP. What about on margins? I mean, it's just a pretty big swing in terms of how rates have gone. Is there any impact on margins? I see that you're keeping your full year op non-GAAP up the same. So just anything we should keep in mind in terms of how that flows through the P&L?
John Morici: Yes. There's -- with the FX, favorable FX, there's a slight improvement in our op margin as a result of that. But we have that as well as being able to offset some of the tariffs and so on. So that's the components that show up in op margin. But we're pleased with the start of the year in terms of our op margin. We're showing -- guiding to sequential improvement into the second quarter. And if FX rates stay stable as they are now, we will end up with a good accretive op margin for 2025.
Mike Ryskin: Okay. And then a quick one, if I could squeeze in a third, just sort of a technical question. Some of the disclosures, you mentioned you're not giving DSP anymore. It looks like -- unless I'm missing it, you're not giving Americas versus international Clear Aligner net revenues. Is it just sort of the new disclosure going forward? Is that something we'll find in the 10-Q? Or just sort of what's the rationale behind that?
John Morici: We're always looking to simplify and provide information. We get a lot of feedback that we provide so much information and it gets a bit confusing as to what's really driving things. So we try to give the best information that helps you and others be able to understand and analyze the business. And we look to make changes that make the most sense to help provide more clarity to the business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is come from the line of Kevin Caliendo from UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: Thanks for getting me in, I appreciate it. I want to go back -- I want to go back to the ASP question. It was down 8%. 3% FX, I think, is how to think about it, which would imply that between discounting and mix, it was down sort of 5%, right? And I don't think that any of your expectations are going forward that ASPs are going to decline 5% to perpetuity. So what gets better, in your minds, between either mix, either customer mix or product mix or discounting programs? Or are you anticipating -- and I don't know that I've contemplated this until right now. But is there -- it used to be every July, there would be price increases. Are you thinking that you have the ability to do that, broadly speaking? And that helps. And I guess it's a short-term question, but it's also sort of a long-term question when we think about the ASPs because if we're going to get back to sort of the kind of growth that we think the business can do it, we don't want ASP to be a huge overhang in that on the Clear Aligner side?
John Morici: Yes, I think you have to look at it when you think about it, Kevin, where we're growing. Certain countries grow faster. They're just at a lower list price product that they have there or some of the product growth that we have is lower. And we certainly saw some of the shift where we starting this year, have introduced DSP in several markets and other new products with IPE and some of the other clubs that we've had, whereas we didn't have those in the past. So I think some of it is just the products and the locations that impacts the mix. And then you see as doctors, we sell to more and more doctors, record number of first quarter doctors that we sell to. Many of these doctors that come in are just -- they're at an ASP product, a list price that are -- maybe not the comprehensive and they're lower list price type products. But that's the expectation that you have. We have things that we can be able to mitigate with some of the new products we have, some of the additional pricing like we have on MAOB and others to be able to get us to that stability in ASP. And then, of course, as you work your way down the P&L, we're very mindful of making sure that gross margin is accretive and being able to drive the gross margin and ultimately, to op margin. And that's what we look at as we work our way down the P&L.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not showing any further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the call back over to Shirley for closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As a reminder, we are hosting an Investor Day meeting next Tuesday, May 6, in New York City. If you would like more information about that or to register, you visit our website, aligntech.com, and that -- or you can contact Investor Relations. If you have any other questions, we look forward to hearing from you. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-05 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Align Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy with Align Technology. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO, and John Morici, CFO. We issued fourth quarter and full year 2024 financial results today via Business Wire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately one month. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We've posted historical financial statements with corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our fourth quarter and full year 2024 conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. On our call today, I'll provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full year results and discuss a few highlights from our two operating segments, System Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial performance and comment on views for 2025. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. I'm pleased to report that Q4 total revenues, Clear Aligner volumes, Systems and Services revenues were in line with our Q4 outlook, and both GAAP and non-GAAP operating margins were better than our Q4 outlook. Q4 Clear Aligner ASPs were lower than our Q4 outlook due primarily to the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange from the strengthening the US dollar against major currencies from late October through December, as John will explain in his remarks. On a year-over-year basis, fourth quarter revenues of $995 million increased 4%, reflecting 14.9% growth from Systems and Services revenues and 1.6% growth from Clear Aligner revenues. On a year-over-year basis, Clear Aligner volumes grew 6.1%, driven by increased shipments across all regions with strength in EMEA, APAC and LatAm regions and stability in North America. From a channel perspective, Clear Aligner volumes in the ortho and GP channels were up a year-over-year basis with a number of submitters and utilization amongst the highest in the past few years. On a sequential basis, fourth quarter revenue growth of 1.8% reflects continued momentum from sales of iTero Lumina scanners and increased Invisalign Clear Aligner volumes in the EMEA region, especially from teens and growing patients as well as growth from the LatAm regions. Across the orthodontists and GP dentists offset by clear aligner seasonality in in APAC, mostly China, which had a strong teen quarter in Q3. For the Americas, Q4 Clear Aligner volumes reflect a seasonally soft orthodontic channel, offset somewhat by strength in the GP channel in the adult segment. For the full year 2024, total revenues of $4 billion and Clear Aligner volumes of 2.5 million cases were both up 3.5% year-over-year. We delivered fiscal 2024 non-GAAP operating margin of 21.8%, above fiscal 2023 and in line with our 2024 outlook. As of Q4 2024, we achieved several cumulative milestones, including 272,000 active Invisalign trained practitioners, 19.5 million Invisalign patients, including over 5.6 billion teens and kids and over 2 billion clear aligners manufactured worldwide. For clear aligners in Q4, year-over-year volume growth in the Americas reflects strength in Latin America as well as improving trends in North America, especially for GP dentists. In the EMEA region, Q4 year-over-year Clear Aligner volume growth reflects increased volumes from core Europe as well as strong growth from EMEA, Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa markets. From a channel perspective, EMEA Clear Aligner growth reflects strength in both ortho and GP as well as teens, kids and adult patients. In APAC region, Q4 year-over-year Clear Aligner volume growth was driven by China and Japan, as well as strong growth from our emerging APAC countries led by India, Thailand and Korea. For Q4, APAC growth also reflects increased utilization and submitters in both doctor channels and growth in both patient segments. Q4, we had 85,700 doctors submitters worldwide, a record total in the fourth quarter, primarily reflecting a sequential increase in clear aligner volume for adults and non-comprehensive cases. In the adult clear aligner segment, we're pleased to see both year-over-year and sequential growth across all regions. In the teen and growing kids segments, approximately 216,000 teens and kids started treatment with Invisalign Clear Aligners during the fourth quarter, a decrease of 8.6% sequentially off a record Q3 teen season and an increase of 9.8% year-over-year, reflecting growth across regions, especially from Invisalign First in the APAC and EMEA regions. For Q4, number of doctors submitting cases starts for teens and kids was up 6.2% year-over-year, led by continued strength from doctors treating young kids or growing patients. For fiscal 2024, Total Invisalign Clear Aligner shipments for teens and kids reached a record total of 868,000 Invisalign cases and shipped up to -- a year up to 7.7% compared to the prior year and comprising approximately 35% of the 2.5 million total Clear Aligner case shipments for the year. Teen-specific consumer marketing and sales programs, along with the continued momentum for Invisalign First for kids as young as six and Invisalign Palatal Expander systems help drive adoption globally. During the quarter, we continued to commercialize the Invisalign Palatal Expander with steady momentum for doctor's submitters and shipments. In its first full year of availability in North America, Invisalign Palatal Expander adoption was followed by similar trajectory in Invisalign First, which launched 2017. But Invisalign First did not require regional or country-specific regulatory approvals like Invisalign Palatal Expander is required. In Q4, we received the CE mark under the medical device regulation to market the Invisalign Palatal Expander system in most of Europe and also completed registration with the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency for the United Kingdom and overseas territory. Both approvals are for broad patient applicability, including growing children, teens and adults with surgery or other techniques. These approvals mark a significant milestone in our efforts to enhance clinical outcomes and efficiency in orthodontics and enable us to commercialize the Invisalign Palatal Expander across most of the major EMEA region in 2025. We are continuing to make progress in establishing the clinical efficacy and improved patient experience of Invisalign Palatal Expander, which recently made to cover of the Journal of Clinical Orthodontics, or JCO, and an article published by Dr. Jonathan Nicozisis. There have been multiple peer review studies published on the effectiveness of the Invisalign Palatal Expander as well as mandibular advancement. We also are receiving positive parental feedback, as reflected in the article, 7 Reasons Parents Love the Invisalign Palatal Expander System. Overall, the Invisalign Palatal Expander system is gaining traction among orthodontists and patients due to its innovative design and user-friendly feature. As more clinical data becomes available and practitioners gain experience with the device and parents become informed, we believe adoption will continue to grow. Q4 non-case revenues were up year-over-year, primarily due to continued growth in retainers and our Doctor Subscription Program, or DSP, including non-Invisalign patients at getting retainers. Non-case revenues, including our Vivera Retainers, retention aligners ordered to our Doctor Subscription Program, clinical training, education, accessories and e-commerce. DSP also includes Invisalign touch-up cases, which includes up to 14 stages and is currently available in North America and certain countries in Europe and was most recently launched in Brazil. For Q4, total Invisalign DSP touch-up cases were up nearly 37% year-over-year to more than 27,000 cases. For fiscal 2024, total DSP touch-up cases shipped were over 100,000, up 37% compared to 2023. 224 Clear Aligner volume from DSO customers increased sequentially and year-over-year, reflecting growth across all regions. The DSO business continues to outpace our retail doctors globally. And in the U.S., it's driven by our largest DSO partners, Smile Doctors and Heartland Dental, and also had strong growth in iTero scanner sales as DSO invested in their members' practices end-to-end digital workflows. In December, we completed $30 million equity investment in Smile Doctors, the largest orthodontic focused DSO in the U.S. with more than 450 locations in 32 states. Smile Doctors has a rich history of developing and growing affiliated practices by providing tools and technology that allow their orthodontists to focus entirely on patient care, and we are continuously exploring collaboration with DSOs that share our vision of furthering the adoption of digital dentistry. Each DSO has a different strategy and business model. We're focused on working and with encouraging the DSOs aligned with our vision strategy and business model goals. Those DSOs that recognize the benefits of digital workflows enabled by our portfolio of products and services that make up the Align digital platform, including increased practice efficiency and profitability, as well as delivering a better patient experience for shorter cycle times and proximity to their customers. Turning to Systems and Services. Q4 was another strong quarter, with year-over-year revenue growth of 14.9%. On a sequential basis, Q4 Systems and Services revenues were up 5.2%. In Q1 2024, we launched the iTero Lumina with orthodontic workflows as a new stand-alone scanner, or as a wand upgrade from our iTero Element 5D Plus scanner. Overall, we continue to be very pleased with the ongoing adoption of iTero Lumina scanner, and we're looking forward to building on its success with the launch of the iTero Lumina scanner with restorative capabilities. During the fourth quarter, we began a limited market release of our restorative software on the iTero Lumina scanner, and doctor feedback has been outstanding. Our iTero Lumina innovation represents continuous advancement in our mission to deliver unparalleled value to customers and dental professionals worldwide. Doctors can continue to purchase the current version of iTero Lumina scanner today, knowing that it will automatically update to the new version free of charge once it becomes available at the end of March. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks Joe. Now, for our Q4 financial results. Total revenues for the fourth quarter were $995.2 million, up 1.8% from the prior quarter and up 4% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. This reflects an increase in clear aligner volumes up 1.9% sequentially and 6.1% year-over-year and revenue growth from Systems and Services of 5.2% sequentially and 14.9% year-over-year. On a constant currency basis, Q4 2024 revenues were favorably impacted by approximately $0.8 million or approximately 0.1% sequentially and were unfavorably impacted by approximately $0.9 million year-over-year or approximately 0.1%. For Clear Aligners, Q4 2024 revenues of $794.3 million were up 0.9% sequentially, primarily from higher volumes, geographic mix shift to higher-priced countries, and lower net revenue deferrals, partially offset by product mix shift to lower-priced products and higher discounts. Q4 Clear Aligner revenues were favorably impacted by approximately $0.7 million or approximately 0.1% from foreign exchange sequentially. Q4 2024 Clear Aligner per case shipment of $1,265 was lower by $10 on a sequential basis, primarily due to product mix shift and higher discounts, partially offset by favorable geography mix and lower net deferrals. Even though FX had a minor impact on our reported quarter-over-quarter results, our Q4 guidance did not forecast any substantial change from the October spot rate foreign exchange rates. However, the U.S. dollar unexpectedly strengthened in November and December. If foreign exchange rates in October had remained constant for November and December, then Clear Aligner ASPs would have increased approximately $10 quarter-over-quarter, or the equivalent of $14 million. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 Clear Aligner revenues were up 1.6%, primarily from higher volumes, lower net deferrals, price increases, and higher non-case revenues, partially offset by lower ASPs, reflecting the impact from unfavorable foreign exchange of $0.7 million or approximately 0.1% product mix shift to lower-priced products and geographic mix. Q4 2024 Clear Aligner per case shipment of $1,265 was down $55 on a year-over-year basis due to the impact of U.K. VAT of $13, product and geographic mix, and higher discounts, partially offset by lower net revenue deferrals and price increases. During Q4, we reached a favorable outcome with the U.K. tax authorities regarding cumulative assessments of approximately $100 million for unpaid VAT related to certain Clear Aligner sales made during the period of October 2019 through October 2023. In Q4, we received a full refund of this $100 million from U.K. tax authorities. This settlement also relieved us of any potential assessments for sales through mid-October 2023. As a result, we have approximately $7 million of VAT paid for periods up to December 2023 that are still in dispute. We expect a ruling by the UK courts in the first half of 2024 for this remaining VAT amount. This ruling will also give clarity whether a 20% VAT is required to be applied to all Clear Aligner sales in the UK going forward. We believe that Clear Aligner should continue to be exempt from that. Clear Aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2024, decreased $51.3 million or 4.1% sequentially and decreased $92.1 million or 7% year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped under each sales contract. Q4 2024, Systems and Services revenues of $200.9 million were up 5.2% sequentially, primarily due to higher scanner volumes, higher non-systems revenue, driven by iTero Lumina upgrades, partially offset by lower scanner ASPs. Q4 2024, Systems and Services revenue were up 14.9% year-over-year, primarily due to higher scanner volumes, higher ASP and increased non-systems revenues, mostly related to upgrades and leasing rental programs. Q4 2024, Systems and Services revenue impact by foreign exchange was approximately $0.1 million, flat sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $0.2 million or approximately 0.1%. Systems and Services deferred revenue on the balance sheet was down $4.1 million or 1.8% sequentially, and down $40.3 million, or 15.5% year-over-year, primarily due to the recognition of service revenues, which are recognized ratably over the service period. The decline in deferred revenues, both sequentially and year-over-year, primarily reflects the shorter duration of service contracts applicable to initial scanner purchases. Moving on to gross margin. Fourth quarter overall gross margin was 70%, up 0.3 points sequentially and flat year-over-year. Overall, total gross margin was not significantly impacted by foreign exchange sequentially or on a year-over-year basis. Clear Aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 70.2%, down 0.1 points sequentially due primarily to lower ASPs and restructuring costs, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs. Clear Aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was down one point year-over-year, primarily due to lower ASP and restructuring costs, partially offset by lower additional aligners. Overall, Clear Aligner gross margin was not significantly impacted by foreign exchange sequentially or on a year-over-year basis. Systems and Services gross margin for the fourth quarter was 69.4%, up 1.9 points sequentially due to lower manufacturing and freight costs, partially offset by lower scanner ASPs. Systems and Services gross margin for the fourth quarter was up 4.7 points year-over-year due to manufacturing efficiencies and lower freight costs and service cost and higher scanner ASPs. Overall, Systems and Services gross margin was not impacted by foreign exchange sequentially or on a year-over-year basis. Q4 operating expenses were $552.8 million, up 6.4% sequentially and up 11% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were $33.3 million higher due primarily to restructuring costs. Year-over-year operating expenses increased by $54.8 million, primarily due to restructuring, advertising and marketing expenses. Q4 restructuring charges related to severance for impacted employees were higher than anticipated. On a non-GAAP basis, operating expenses were $474.7 million, up 0.4% sequentially and up 6.3% year-over-year. Our fourth quarter operating income of $144.1 million resulted in an operating margin of 14.5%, down 2.1 points sequentially and down 3.4 points year-over-year. Operating margin was favorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately 0.1 points sequentially and unfavorably impacted by 0.2 points year-over-year. The effective restructuring on GAAP operating margin was approximately 3.7 points. Q4 non-GAAP operating margin was 23.2%, up 1.1 points sequentially and down 0.6 points year-over-year. Interest and other income and expense net for the fourth quarter was an expense of $3.4 million compared to income of $3.6 million in Q3 2024, primarily due to unfavorable foreign exchange movements of $15.3 million, partially offset by higher interest income and gain on investments. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 2024 interest and other income and expense was unfavorable compared to income of $1.3 million in Q4 2023, primarily due to unfavorable foreign exchange movements, partially offset by higher interest income and gain on investments. The GAAP effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 26.3% compared to 30.1% in the third quarter and 28.3% in the fourth the fourth quarter of prior year. The quarter GAAP effective tax rate was lower than the third quarter effective tax rate primarily due to the release of uncertain tax position reserves, partially offset by onetime deferred tax adjustments in certain foreign jurisdictions. The fourth quarter GAAP effective tax rate was lower than the fourth quarter effective tax rate of the prior year, primarily due to the release of certain tax position reserves, partially offset by one-time deferred tax adjustments in certain foreign jurisdictions. On a non-GAAP -- our non-GAAP effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 20%, which reflects our long-term projected tax rate. Fourth quarter net income per diluted share was $1.39, down $0.16 sequentially and $0.25 compared to the prior year. Our Q4 2024 EPS was unfavorably impacted by a stronger US dollar, which amounted to approximately $0.14 per diluted share to net foreign exchange losses related to the revaluation of certain balance sheet accounts. On a non-GAAP basis, Q4 2024 net income per diluted share was $2.44 for the fourth quarter, up $0.9 sequentially and up $0.02 year-over-year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2024, cash and cash equivalents were $1,043.9 million, up sequentially $2 million and down $106.4 million year-over-year. Of our $1,043.9 billion balance, $188.7 million was held in the US and $855.2 million was held by our international entities. During Q4 2024, we initiated a plan to repurchase $275 million of our common stock through open market repurchases. As of December 31, 2024, we had purchased approximately 0.9 million shares at an average price of $222.94 per share for an aggregate of approximately $202.9 million. The remaining $72.1 million of the $275 million was completed in January of 2025. As of January 30, 2025, $225 million remains available for repurchases of our common stock under our stock repurchase program approved in January of 2023. As Joe mentioned earlier, during the quarter, we completed a $30 million equity investment in Smile Doctors, the largest ortho-focused dental support organization in the US. Q4 accounts receivable balance was $995.7 million, down sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 90 days, down approximately three days sequentially and up approximately five days as compared to Q4 last year. Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $286.1 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $23 million, primarily related to investments in our manufacturing capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $263 million. Before I turn to our Q1 and fiscal 2025 outlook, I'd like to provide the following context around pricing and potential new tariffs. On March 1, 2025, we will raise the list price of clear aligners by about 3% on average in the Americas and EMEA regions. At the same time, we will remove the $10 to $15 per order processing fee for all new clear aligner orders, all new clear aligner refinement orders from past cases and non-DSP Vivera cases. We expect the net effect from these two actions on ASPs to be zero for 2025. We currently manufacture clear aligners in Mexico and ship them to the US primarily for our US customers, with the remainder eventually shipping to other international locations. The US-Mexico tariff situation remains very fluid, and we are unable to predict whether new tariffs will go into effect in the future. We are monitoring events closely. Our Clear Aligner COGS include material, labor, overhead and freight costs. We expect an incremental tariff if implemented, to be applied to transfer prices from Mexico shipments to the US. These transfer prices would not include treatment planning costs, freight and other overhead and similar costs. Align's global operations have evolved significantly over the past several years, and we have greater flexibility to support our global business. However, assuming a new 25% tariff on shipments the US from Mexico, we believe it still would be more economically viable to ship clear aligners from the US -- to the US for Mexico due to a variety of factors, including the incremental additional freight costs incurred, where we shipped from our Polish facility. Regarding China, we currently manufacture our products in China for the benefit of our customers China. With that as a backdrop, assuming no circumstances occur beyond our control, including foreign exchange and new tariffs, for Q1 2025 and fiscal 2025, we provide the following outlook. We expect Q1 worldwide revenues to be in the range of $965 million to $985 million, down sequentially from Q4, primarily due to the impact from foreign exchange rates at current spot rates and lower capital equipment sales, reflecting historical Q1 seasonality. We expect Q1 Clear Aligner volume to be up slightly sequentially and expect Q1 Clear Aligner ASPs to be down sequentially, primarily due to unfavorable foreign exchange at current spot rates as well as continued product mix shift to non-comprehensive Clear Aligners. In addition to seasonality, we expect Q1 Systems and Services revenue to be down sequentially due to the timing of commercial availability of our iTero Lumina scanner with restorative software, which is expected at the end of March. We expect our Q1 2025 GAAP operating margin to be below Q1 2024 GAAP operating margin by approximately 2 points, primarily due to unfavorable foreign exchange at current spot rates. We expect our Q1 2025 non-GAAP operating margin to be below Q1 2024 non-GAAP operating margin by approximately 1 point, primarily due to unfavorable foreign exchange at current spot rates. For fiscal 2025, we expect 2025 year-over-year revenue growth to be in the low single-digits, which reflects approximately 2 points of unfavorable foreign exchange at current spot rates. We expect 2025 Clear Aligner volume growth to be up approximately mid-single-digits year-over-year compared to up 3.5% year-over-year in 2025. We expect 2025 Clear Aligner ASPs to be down year-over-year due to unfavorable foreign exchange at current spot rates and continued product mix shift to noncompetitive, non-comprehensive Clear Aligners. We expect 2025 Systems and Services year-over-year revenues to grow faster than Clear Aligner revenues. We expect 2025 GAAP operating margin to be approximately 2 points above 2024 GAAP operating margin, and we expect 2025 non-GAAP operating margin to be approximately 22.5%, which both reflect the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange at current spot rates, partially offset by the benefits from restructuring actions we took in Q4 to improve profitability and give us margin accretion in 2025, even as we scale our next-generation direct 3D printing fabrication manufacturing. We expect our investments in capital expenditures for fiscal 2025 to be between $100 million and $150 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building construction and improvements, as well as manufacturing capacity in support of our continued expansion. Overall, I am pleased with our fourth quarter and fiscal 2024 results, particularly the year-over-year Clear Aligner volume growth, the record number of submitters, the continued momentum from our Systems and Services business, and our operating margin improvement. After repurchasing $353 million of our Align common stock during 2024, we continued -- we concluded the year with no debt and approximately $1.044 billion in cash and cash equivalents. Our goal, as always, is to deliver value to our shareholders. Now, I'll turn the call -- now I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks John. In closing, 2024 was a year of solid progress across the business. Record full year total worldwide revenues of $4 billion, record full year total worldwide System and Services revenue of $769 million, record teen shipments and growth in both teens and adult markets, record 130,400 doctors shipped to, 19.5 million total patients treated, with 5.6 million teens in kids. We ended the year with over $1 billion in cash and equivalents after repurchasing 1.5 million shares for $353 million. In another year where the dental industry is down and we continue to grow, I feel good about where we ended the year, and I'm excited to kick off 2025 with a team focused on building the innovations introduced in 2024 that drive efficiency and growth for practices and that are committed in delivering the best customer and patient experiences in the industry. I want to highlight just a few of the Align innovations that we introduced in 2024 that we believe will continue to drive adoption and utilization. In January 2024, we unveiled a breakthrough technology, the iTero Lumina intraoral scanner with 3x wider field of capture and a 50% smaller wand that delivers faster scanning, higher accuracy and superior visualization for greater practice efficiency and with orthodontic workflows. We look forward to introducing at the end of Q1 2025, the iTero Lumina intraoral scanner with software capabilities to enable efficient restorative and ortho restorative workloads to help general practitioner dentists deliver exceptional restorative outcomes. The iTero scanner is the front end of Align digital platform, designed to give doctors the capability to run simulations and communicate with patients, so the patients can see their smiles and the time that it would take them to get that outcome. It's also a big part of our growth algorithm, and we've had good accretive margin on the iTero Lumina scanner product since its launch. We also started rolling out ClinCheck in minutes, delivering treatment plans based on doctors building personalized treatment preferences for almost touchless digital workflows, which we'll expand to more doctors this year, bringing an unprecedented level of speed and customization to digital treatment planning. Changing the paradigm for how doctors can treat growing patients is one of our biggest opportunities. As we continue to deliver innovations that help doctors achieve more of a treatment at younger ages, potentially decreasing the amount of orthodontic treatment that younger and teen patients need overall. As we continue to commercialize the Invisalign Palatal Expander system, Align's first direct 3D-printed device that provides doctors with a solution set to treat the most common skeletal and dental malocclusions in growing children, we anticipate introducing the next in a series of direct 3D-printed devices with a pilot for Invisalign First direct printed retainers in the first half of 2025. We have also Invisalign mandibular advancement with the occlusal blocks now in limited market release, giving doctors and patients a better option for Class II correction in younger patients while simultaneously strengthening their team. We're also excited about the future of digital orthodontics focused on growth opportunities as a company while driving margin improvement and our unique ability to leverage aggregated and anonymized data from approximately 19.5 million Invisalign cases to continue to gain more knowledge about the science of orthodontics to move the industry forward. And while we're now in our 28th year, in the same way, we're just at the beginning. It's that motivating and exciting for the whole Align team. With that, I thank you for your time today. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress over the coming quarters. Now I'll turn the call back to the operator for your questions. Operator?
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Michael Cherny from Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Michael Cherny: Good afternoon, and thank you for a ton of detail already. Maybe if I could just dive in a bit to the guidance, especially on the Clear Aligner side. Is there any way to give a little bit more of a breakdown as you think about the dynamics on volume versus price? Hear you loud and clear on the ASP impact from FX. But curious how to the growth dynamics on aligners as a whole, especially coming off of the mix of, obviously, easier comps in 2024 versus what's still an uncertain macro environment? Thank you.
John Morici: Yeah. Michael, this is John. When we talk about the -- kind of give picture for the total year, we're looking at volume for Clear Aligners at up mid-single digits, and that's how we look at that. It varies like it does across different regions and different times of the year and so on. But we've looked at it that way, and that's the perspective that we have for year. We were pleased with how we exited in 2024 with the volumes that we had, and that's the overall guidance that we have for the year.
Michael Cherny: And just along those lines and the volumes, mid-single digits, obviously, a really solid number. How do you think about the competitive dynamics in the market now? And are there opportunities either in terms of other competitors exiting? Or how do you think about the components of what drives that in terms of market dynamics, competitive dynamics, share gains, anything more to break down that obviously strong number would be great as well. Thank you so much.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. And Michael, it's Joe. I think on the competitive dynamics, I don't see a big change in the dynamics when you look at 2024 and 2025. Overall, we feel our new innovation all continues to put us ahead. Obviously, the Minute ClinCheck really drives our super users to a level of productivity they haven't had before. So I feel really good about our competitive ability all around the world, including China, including some specific areas about it. So as we move into 2025, I really feel that we're gaining momentum in that sense.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for next question. Our next question will come from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Congrats on the quarter, and thanks so much for the question. I was wondering, if you could talk about two things. Maybe as regards to the Lumina and the scanner business more broadly, it looked like you were -- you obviously have the launch coming up in the first quarter. So if you could talk a little bit on your expectations for that, maybe given what you've learned on the ortho side for Lumina? And then two, you talked about sort of the impact, obviously, of more leases and things like that versus perhaps capital equipment sales. Can you talk about, sort of, help us understand maybe on a unit basis, how you're thinking about the growth in that business? I think that would be one thing that would be helpful. And then maybe if you could also help us understand a little bit better that maybe some of the growth dynamics, particularly in North America, DSO versus non-DSO customers? Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Elizabeth, it's Joe. I'll take the first part of your question. When you look at what we learned in the orthodontic release of Lumina was a product was everything we hoped it would be. I talked about the wider field of view, the speed. I didn't talk a lot the optics. So image quality is fantastic on the product line. The lightness of the one and all that was really important for the technicians that that use wand day in and day out because in the past, we had a lot of complaints in the sense of the heaviness and kind of bulkiness of the wands that are in the marketplace right now, particularly on the confocal imaging side. So as we move that into more of the restorative marketplace, remember, we had a good take-up of GPs using that product line last year, too. This will complete the -- the whole system for GPs because they can do the restorative work they had on it and not just the orthodontic side. So we're excited about it. We're looking forward to it. Obviously, we'll talk about it coming up at the IDS, and we look forward to launching it in March and then bringing you through the second quarter.
John Morici: And as Joe said, kind of to your second part of the question, Elizabeth, look, this rounds out our portfolio. We've got a complete portfolio from the most advanced scanner and the latest with Lumina to all other types of products that we have, all the way down to certified pre-owned. And so that portfolio is rounded up, but we also, as you mentioned, the leasing and other rental, we offer a lot of options for our customers. Some customers want to buy, and they want that legacy equipment, that's great, and they'll buy that new equipment, do trade-ins or just add another scanner and so on. But some also don't want to put that capital up, especially in this environment. So we offer them a lot of different opportunities to lease that equipment to use external financing that gets them at a good rate for external financing to purchase, or some just want to rent it. And so we feel like we can offer that customer any which way that they want to be able to utilize our equipment. And as we continue to release new products, keep we surf pre-owned in and so on. We're just expanding our base, which is helpful for our overall business.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Elizabeth. Next question,
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Next question will come from the line of Glen Santangelo from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Glen Santangelo: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Hey, Joe, I also want to follow up on this volume issue because it seems like in the fourth quarter and into 2025, you're forecasting some pretty decent volumes. And I'm kind of curious, could you put that in the context of where you think the overall ortho industry is now? Do you feel like you're kind of getting some share back because in 2024, in 2023, the theme was macro uncertainty, but you're not really talking about that anymore? And I'm just kind of curious if you think maybe the industries get a little bit better? Or is some of these DTC offerings that may be faded into the background, like what's enabling you to improve your volume, you think? And then I just had a follow-up for John.
Joe Hogan: Yes, Glen, it's a good question. I think we've been talking about stability for a while now, too. And again, I think we stand on that platform also. Each one of these regions are different from what we've seen. We felt good about Europe in the fourth quarter. We saw some momentum there, felt reasonable about APAC in a sense, I mentioned China and Japan. And increases in Thailand and different in China and different -- I mean, in different parts of the APAC region. When you come to the United States, the orthodontic marketplace, Glen, has really been flat for the last three years. Now, I think we made progress, good progress with the new products that we've had. But we've been challenged in that segment. And I wouldn't call it so much competition as I would -- it's been a wires and brackets kind of regression in that marketplace because of when doctors are seeing less patient throughput, they're looking to save margin, and it's difficult to really appeal to them with clear aligners when they're not at capacity in that sense. But on the counter of that, Glen, we've seen really good progress in GPs and good growth in GPs, not just in the US but all over the world, and that's really helped us. And so remember, we changed our channel strategy years ago to make sure that we went to the GP channel with the GP sales force and ortho, with ortho sales force, too. And I think that's really helped us to give us insight into the industry and position our products properly for both those areas. So I hope that helps to answer your question. I think our new technology, too, gives us a lot of confidence. Specifically in the orthodontic channel since offering differentiation, those early patients that we talked about. We feel we have the three products I mentioned in my script, we feel we have something that's special in the orthodontic community in a sense of that younger patient piece, and you'll see us push that really hard as we move into 2025.
Glen Santangelo: That's awesome. And John, maybe if I could just follow up with you on this ASP issue, right? I mean, obviously, everyone is focused on the fact that ASPs will be down. And you highlighted FX and you highlighted mix shift. I was wondering if you could just unpack that a little bit to tell us -- and I'm sorry if I missed this, exactly how much FX is playing a role here on that ASP number in 2025?
John Morici: Yes. Yes. That's a good question, Glen. Overall, when we look at 2025 in terms of how we've guided, we have about 2 points of FX headwind on a year-over-year basis. It's just the strengthening of the dollar. We saw that as it came out October and it continues to be strong November, December, January. We're basically forecasting what we see now on a spot rate standpoint and expecting it to be strong, and that impact is about 2 points unfavorable on a year-over-year basis.
Glen Santangelo: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from the line of Jon Block from Stifel. Your line is open.
Jon Block: Thanks, guys. Hey, Joe. First one, the 1Q 2025 revenue guidance is down around 2% at the midpoint. The full year revenue guidance is up low-single digits. And I think some of that is the 1Q comp, I believe also the scanner timing, if you would, due to the Resto launch. But I think it's an important question, Joe. Can you talk about other reasons why the rest of the year, you're arguably up, call it like low to mid-single digits versus the down 2% and 1Q 2025, again it's a guide? And then I think what people are going to be worried about is, is there an embedded assumption that things pick up in the guide? Or is it just sort of the moving parts again of the comp, the Resto launch, et cetera? And I'll sort of pause there and then I'll ask my follow-up.
Joe Hogan: John, I'd say we obviously introducing the restorative scanner in March, we don't get the full benefit of that in the first quarter, and you're accurate in the sense of reflecting that in your comments overall. I would say we're not talking about a build as we go through the year. I think you have to look at exchange on a whole thing, and John can explain that in a sense of how we've baked that in overall. But obviously, you have a full year of IPE coming in this year. We have the regulatory approvals for that going into Europe and different parts of Asia, too, and we think we'll hit mainstream in that end too. And may deal with advancement with a plus of blocks too is another one that we think is going to be a specific grower for us also. So I mean, that's how I'd pretty much tackle that is that we have new technology rolling in. You have the iTero restorative coming in also. And John, what would you add?
John Morici: Yes. And we're not expecting, Jon, any overall improvement in the macro economy. If it happens, great, that will be good for the entire business. But we're not expecting an overall improvement there. We did see as we came out of Q4, I mean, just the 6% growth in volume in Q4, that's the highest growth that we've seen in three years on a year-over-year basis. So that's good to see. We want to continue to see that that momentum. And like Joe said, we're doing everything we can with new products, new innovations, new ways to go to market to be able to continue that.
Jon Block: Yes. No, beat on balance, got it ahead on balance for 1Q, I get that. And then just second question is, I think, Joe, this one is for you. But for a couple of quarters now, at least two, maybe more, we've heard you detail, call it, the faster growth from the DSOs. And so a couple of questions here. Joe, what is are the DSOs, call it, as a part of your North American business, if you could just give us a rough number? But more importantly, the plays that you run with the DSOs -- and we've heard of some those, the marketing support -- pardon -- this is my language, not your -- they might be more sophisticated with your help. Are those transferable to the fragmented GP market? And if so, how long does that take to go ahead and manifest on your part? Because clearly, if you could extrapolate that faster growth to the individual practices, that would be -- certainly, I'm positive and something to get excited about. So, maybe your comments on, again, the percent of their weighting of your bids? And more importantly, can you see yourself running the same plays with the individual practices?
Joe Hogan: Hey Jon, it's a great question. Really, first of all, I look at -- I talk about it internally, too. I look at DSOs as a force multiplier. They can actually take our technology, what we learned in a sense of a sense of efficiency, what we learned from brand, from a demographic zone brand you can apply to. And they just have an ability to be able to disseminate that within their teams. Much better than doing that individually door-to-door like we do with our normal sales force, which is kind of obvious. But that doesn't preclude us from what we're taking to the DSOs in the sense of what we know and what they incorporate. Our salespeople are -- many of them have been with us many years, they understand that also. They just have to find the right orthodontists and the right general dentists to really want to implement those procedures in their marketplace. That's why I -- talking about the sales kickoff the other day down in Dallas. And it said that we have the longest or the hardest last mile of any company I've ever worked with because you are calling on these individual family-driven practices. And not that they're stupid or anything, they are very smart. But they're very -- not necessarily business minded always. They're clinically minded, and it takes a while to gain their confidence and move it forward. DSOs help to accelerate that, Jon, is the best way I can explain that. Jon, you've got--
Jon Block: Thanks for the color guys.
Joe Hogan: Jon, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Saxon from Needham. Your line is open.
David Saxon: Great. Good afternoon Jon and John. Thanks for taking my questions. Yes, I had a couple of follow-ups on the guide for Clear Aligner. So, mid-single-digit volume growth for Clear Aligners. Joe, based on your answer to a previous question, it sounds like U.S. volume growth should probably be slower than international, but I just wanted to confirm that's how you're thinking about it? And then on the ASP side, to down year-on-year for the full year, first quarter ASPs look be to down high single-digits year-on-year based off of the first quarter ASP guidance. But you have this price increase starting in second quarter. So, just I'd love to hear how we should think about pricing in quarters two through four on a year-over-year basis?
Joe Hogan: Hey David, I'll take the first part of your question, which, yes, our forecast for next year does imply a slower U.S. than the rest of the world. And that's -- to me, that's -- we're just projecting what we saw in 2024 into 2025. But we don't have any data right now that would make us change that in some way from a consumer confidence. And to see or any kind of change in the last several quarters, I would say that it would be different going. As far as ASPs go...
John Morici : Look, ASPs, they're heavily impacted with our business, over 50% of it outside the U.S. They're impacted by a stronger dollar. And I just tried to make it very clear in terms of our guidance based on what those spot rates are as of now and saying this is how it's going to play out in the future. Obviously, it changes. And -- but at least give you a reference point to jump off of. So when you look at Q1, you'd see that ASPs will be down. It's a reflection of the foreign exchange, and that's the primary driver of that. It will change as it goes through each of the quarters. I mean, by the end of the year, it kind of catches up, and that strength of the dollar that we saw in November and December won't have as much a year-over-year impact. But in Q1, it has that impact.
David Saxon: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then maybe sticking with you, John. So operating margin down year-on-year in the first quarter, but guiding to expansion for the full year. So I'd love to just hear kind of the puts and takes that drive that ramp? And maybe it would be great if you could talk about quarterly cadence. Thanks so much.
John Morici : Yes. When you think of the op margin that we'll have, we did actions last year to be able to get our op margin in a place from a cost standpoint to be able to provide that margin accretion. The first quarter is one where, as you start to ramp up, usually first quarter op margin is and at a rate standpoint, the lowest or one of the lowest for the quarters as you -- it builds as you go through year. It's based on volume. As we have more volume coming through our facilities, we generate additional productivity, and that shows up. We have new products, as Joe described, with the Lumina Restorative, different products where we're expanding out and so on that help us drive additional margin as we go through. So we've got the levers that we can pull and adjust as we go through the year to be able to generate that margin accretion on a year-over-year basis. And that is margin accretion that we talked about at 22.5%, that's despite unfavorable FX on a year-over-year basis. So you can tell some of that margin accretion that that we're talking about. But it's -- it's all about driving productivity through volume you have and being smart about the other investments that you're making.
David Saxon: Great. Thanks so much.
John Morici : Thanks, David.
Operator: One moment for next question. Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is open.
Joe Hogan : Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: Hi, thanks. Hi, Joe, how are you? Good afternoon, guys. So look, we're all going around kind of this 1Q, trying to understand it relative to the rest of the year. The one thing I haven't heard and maybe I just missed it, but you guys are talking about a 200 basis point headwind for the year from currency. I think that is pretty much flow through to ASP as to ASP as well, about a two-point headwind for the year well on the Clear Aligner side. But I haven't heard you quantify Q1. My math and my currency math is terrible, but my math would put currency at almost a 3, 3.5 point headwind in 1Q to both ASPs and global revenue. Am I close on that? Is it bigger in 1Q?
John Morici : Yes. That's the right way to phrase it, Jeff. It is bigger just based on what the dollar was doing last year compared to this year. So there is a bigger currency effect in Q1 than on average for the year.
Jeff Johnson: Ballpark, am I close on that 3, 3.5?
John Morici : Yes. You're close on that.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. And then just my other question is really kind of the same kind of FX question, but on the gross margin side -- sorry, on the company margin side, on the operating margin side. You're guiding to 70 basis points of year-over-year improvement at the op margin line on a non-GAAP basis. How much is currency weighing on, I don't care if it's gross margin or operating margin, however you want to provide the answer. But how much is currency weighing there? And then how much of the incremental direct fab investments potentially weighing this year on gross or overall margin? It seems like this could have been a year if currency neutral and you didn't have the direct fab incremental investments that we really would have started to see a recapture back towards those pre-COVID numbers. So just trying to understand all those moving pieces? Thank you.
John Morici: Yeah. Jeff, when you talk about the FX impact on op margins, its over one point, you're right, it's two points at revenue on a year-over-year basis, falls to just over one point on an op margin basis. So a large part of that falls through. So, you're right, calling 70 basis point improvement year-over-year. That's despite having one point of op margin pressure from an FX standpoint. And then, of course, all the other things that we're doing to invest in. So and there's some offsets to that in terms of scaling up our growth platforms and so on. But that's all in the number that we have at the 22.5%. So if FX was going the other way, you would see even more margin accretion, and we'll see how that foreign exchange plays out as we go through the rest of the year.
Jeff Johnson: Understood. Thank you guys.
Joe Hogan: Thanks Jeff.
Operator: One moment for next question. Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Vazquez from William Blair. Your line is open.
Brandon Vazquez: Hi, everyone. Thanks. Hey guys, thanks for taking the question. Joe, maybe for you on the IPE side, I think we're a little bit over year after the launch of that product now. Curious if you could comment on maybe two things. One, what's the adoption curve looking like relative to your expectations now that we're about a year in? And then two, is this a product that could maybe be a catalyst within the teen market to let you get that next incremental leg of adoption given that that's kind of the third year end market that you guys are underpenetrated in?
Joe Hogan: Yeah. Brad, first of all, I mean, the adoption curve has been good, as I mentioned in my script, it follows Invisalign First. Invisalign First is what we call a dental expansion product. It's kind of moving your teeth, but it's not moving bone in that sense. In this case with IP, we're moving bone. And so that's why the regulatory things and all that I mentioned that we have to go through each region in order to move that through. I feel really good about it. It's such a breakthrough product and a different product. It takes doctors a while in a number of cases to become comfortable with it. We have a wonderful feedback from patients in the sense of the comfort of the product line. And many of the patients or parents have gone through the Hi-Res [ph] device and the wrench and those kind of things. And that makes parents a little more susceptible to wanting Invisalign Palatal Expander too. So I feel good about it. We've had some things too on the release. We didn't have full visualization from a scanning standpoint when we first started. There were some attachment pieces that we had to improve in the sense of how you attach. And then there's also some just wearability aspects about how long you wear this. But we've come over those and we're making good progress in it. So I'm very optimistic about it. And it's great to see it really go from a regional standpoint to a global standpoint now. But we have a great one, two punch in that marketplace with Invisalign First. And that's also worth mentioning, too, we're seeing many doctors, as they do the upper palate expansion, they use Invisalign First on the bottom in order to expand the teeth to be -- to make sure that they're in line with the sense of the bite as they're setting in their upper arch, too. So it's good to see a synergistic effect on those two products. I hope I answered your question, but that's the momentum that we're talking about.
Brandon Vazquez: Yeah. Maybe as a quick follow-up on a separate note. International has been more durable for you guys in the Americas these days. Is that simply a result of just being earlier in the adoption curve and so things are doing a little bit better there? Or is macro and international just doing a little bit better than the Americas? Just trying to understand how durable international outperforming should be as we go into 2025 even if macro and Americas stays relatively muted? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: It's hard to be discrete on that answer. Overall, Brandon, I would say there are certain areas where, obviously, it's the initial penetration of our product line in certain area, but I certainly wouldn't say that about Latin America. We've been now for many years and we see continued growth in that sense. Middle East, Africa in those areas too, some of the places of Africa are new, and they'll hit a certain inflection point. But overall, I feel like we face better economies in those regions. They didn't necessarily, I think, overextend their economies, the way we saw in the Western world and which has affected a large part of Western Europe and also in the United States. And specifically in Asia, outside of China, the other countries in Asia just came back out of COVID in a better position than we were before. But some of those countries are penetration. Some of those countries are just expansion too. So I think overall, it's just a good mix there, Brandon. And I like that. It's good to have. And then as you roll out these new technologies, remember it offers you new opportunities in those countries, too. So that expansion piece can continue.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Brandon. Operator, we want to try and get through the covering analysts that are still on the line. So -- and if I can ask folks to limit to one question so we can get through everyone's questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from the line of Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Jason Bednar: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I'll try be an quick here. I really want to ask on just maybe thematically reducing frictions -- I'm sorry, trailing to pack kind of a combo in here, but this is -- is there a way to reduce frictions within the teen channel and really address what has been maybe a bit of a challenge or sluggish ortho environment? Anything that you can do from a marketing initiative to really create better demand pull effect? And then also on the friction side, maybe help with the business rationale, removing that $10 to $15 process, and you see you all neutralizing it with price increases. Is that -- have you had pushback on the processing fees? Has this caused friction with doctors that you're trying to remove? Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Yeah, Jason, that's a good question. First of all, the friction in teen channel is -- a lot of it has to do with the economics in the orthodontists office today. We talked about the orthodontic offices in the United States haven't really -- in North America haven't seen really any substantial growth in the last three years. And so again, there are individual practices, and I think they're trying to maximize their bottom line as much as they can. And so I think they've been very cautious from a business standpoint. The friction you talked about with our processing fees and all, those are real. We have a pushback, not as much in Asia. We had a lot of pushback in Europe and in the US on that. And we decided to roll that back with that aggregate price increase. And we have a good response from our doctors in order to do that. And that is a friction piece. And it was -- to me, it was an annoyance to the sales team to have to kind of fight through that when they had to talk to doctors in either joining what we were doing or having been with us for a while and explaining those things. So I think that's very helpful. John, I'm sure you have some ideas to it.
John Morici: I mean, in the end, we want to focus on driving this driving this business, category, driving our products too and less about some of the other minor things like this with processing fees and so on. So this is a good opportunity to kind of put this together, get it in the right place and talk about the future of the business versus some of the other past expenses like this.
Shirley Stacy: Yes. Thanks.
Jason Bednar: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from the line of Steven Valiquette from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Steven Valiquette: Thanks everyone. Thanks for taking the question. So obviously, there's a lot of puts and takes related to the evolving tariff situation. But one area I was just hoping to get your thoughts on is given that there's a large competitor Chinese base as some investors are watching closely as that competitor tries to establish a larger market share in the US market, really, with this new political backdrop for the next four years under the new administration, I'm wondering whether some practitioners in the US may be a little more hesitant to want to buy into the ecosystem of really any competitors that are headquartered or based outside the US, just given the heightened risk of trade wars, et cetera. So perhaps I could play into your hands favorably, at least in the US market, which I think it's still your biggest market. So just a high level, just curious to get your thoughts on that potential dynamic? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Steven, it is, just to confirm, US is still our biggest market in the world in that sense. Remember, I just talked about the orthodontic market not really growing for the last three years, too. So we have had competition. Obviously, we know that your comments really refer to Angel Aligner or maybe some other Chinese suppliers coming in. I think overall, you first win with customer service and you win with technology, you win with relationships, and that's what our sales force is really talking about. We felt that the Chinese have come in on unsustainable prices. When you look at -- we kind of know the prices you have to charge in order to have a decent return. And we think that always takes care of itself one way or another, and we've seen that with other competitors in the marketplace also. So I don't  I can't really speak for 10,000 orthos or GPs that are around the United States and how they feel about international politics or anything they do. But our job is to make sure that we keep our heads down. We deliver the best technology, best productivity, the best brand, all those things to make sure we win in the marketplace, and we'll let that other piece decide for itself.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo from UBS. Your line is open.
Q  Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for the question. This is Dylan on from  Dylan Kim on for Kevin. Thanks for the question. A quick question on direct fabrication. You guys previously have talked to potentially commercializing products this year, I believe, starting with the retainer product. So any update there on commercialization of products? And maybe detail on the P&L too into both revenue and investment into costs, into the manufacturing capabilities that you can call out?
Joe Hogan: First of all, I'd say our IPE device is 3D printed, but it's not the Cubicure process and it's not the resin that we'll used in the Cubicure process. So as I mentioned in my script, we will begin to -- just with limited release, an Invisalign First retainer. Invisalign First retainer is a very complicated. It has to have a high modulus. It has to have a huge amount of variability in the sense of how you structure that depending on where that person's arch is at that point in time. And it's the perfect fit for us as we try to ramp up and we ramp up our new our new Cubicure process with resin too. So again, like I mentioned, you'll see just the beginning of that in the first half of this year. And in the second half of this year, we should begin to get ourselves more ready for general release in third and fourth quarters of that product line. That's the beginning. After that, we'll move into what we call mandibular advancement. But any kind of aligners that have auxiliary types of things that you would have to have printed on those or difficult cases where wall thicknesses need to be different in some ways. So, we're really excited about the efficiency of that particular technology, but also the design and incredible design capability and design freedom orthodontists will have in order to do that. So, that's about as well as I can do for you now.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Michael Ryskin from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Ryskin: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in guys. Just one quick one for me, hopefully. John, I appreciate the commentary you had on tariffs to Mexico and realize there's still a lot of moving pieces, but I just want to make sure I understood that. Just a comment on transfer prices. I mean, I hear you on overhead and freight cost, treatment planning not being included. How should we think of it as a percent of your COGS? I think if you just go through the P&L with something like $375 COGS per case roughly? Is the transfer -- like how much would be impacted? Is it 50% to 75% of that? And just walk us through the transfer price math, just so we can--?
John Morici: No, it's a good question, Mike. And you're right. I tried to give a perspective of, look, you start with COGS and then there's some hard COGS that have nothing to do with what we're doing in Mexico freight and treatment planning and other things, specifically the value add and the work that's being done there than that transfer price. I guess to put it in perspective in terms of -- there's been a lot of people thinking about what this could be, just based on your question and so on. But like on an average month, that tariff, if it's that 25%, might impact us $4 million to $5 million of cost or that might be the cost perspective of this. So, that gives you an idea of like how this kind of fits into this. This is something, as I said in my prepared remarks -- look, if at that amount of tariffs, 25%, if that ever was implemented, it's not a big enough cost on tariff for us to switch some of the manufacturing and move from perhaps manufacturing in Mexico to Poland. But we'll evaluate that as we go forward. But I just want to kind of size that for you. We'll evaluate as we go forward, we'll understand more as these days come about. We hope there's not anything, but we have a perspective in terms of what it means from a cost standpoint, and we will make decisions based on that. And that will impact us what we do in the short and long-term.
Michael Ryskin: Thank you. Thanks.
Shirley Stacy: Operator, we'll take one last question.
Operator: And our last question will come from the line of Erin Wright from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erin Wright: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just a follow-up on that last one. Just to clarify, so there's no buffer kind of embedded in your guidance as it stands today from a tariff perspective? And just on China, just the environment there, not necessarily from a tariff perspective, but just more so from demand trends? And even China from a competitive standpoint, I guess, expectations for the balance of the year, if you could touch on those? Thanks.
John Morici: That's great, Erin. I'll take the first one on tariffs. So we're not in our forecast and what we've given for guidance at that margin of 22.5%. There's no additional new tariffs that we've contemplated in that number. So, we'll see how things come about. But in the framework, if there is a tariff, and it should be 25% from Mexico to the U.S., it's $4 million to $5 million depending on volume per month from an expense standpoint. And then on China, I don't know if you want to give -- Joe, any other perspective on the kind of the market there?
Joe Hogan: I'd say the China market, we were pleased with the third quarter. The fourth quarter, obviously, is always less in China what the third quarter was. There was nothing in that that quarter made me think that anything was different in China and since its trajected the business, from what we've seen. So overall, I'd call China stable right now.
Erin Wright: Okay. Thank you.
John Morici: Thank you.
Joe Hogan : Youre welcome.
Operator: And I will now turn the call over back to Shirley Stacy for any closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining our call today. We appreciate it. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to Investor Relations. We look forward to seeing you at our next industry events, including the Chicago Midwinter Dental Show coming up here later in February. I hope everyone has a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Align Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy with Align Technology. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO, and John Morici, CFO. We issued third quarter 2024 financial results today via Business Wire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately one month. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We've posted historical financial statements with corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our third quarter 2024 conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. On our call today, I'll provide an overview of our third quarter results and discuss a few highlights from our two operating segments, Systems and Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our Q3 financial performance and comment on views for the remainder of the year. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. Overall, Q3 '24 results were mixed and reflect strong Systems and Services year-over-year revenue growth, as well as good Clear Aligner volume in the Asia Pacific, EMEA and Latin America regions, partially offset by declines in the U.S. As recently reported by many analysts and third-party research firms, the underlying dental market in the United States remains sluggish and our doctor customers cite similar trends. Q3 '24 revenues of $978 million increased 1.8% year-over-year and Clear Aligner volumes of 617,000 were up 2.5% year-over-year. Despite strong growth from Systems and Services revenues, a record [87,400] (ph) doctor submitters, a record 236,000 teens starting treatment, driven by record teen case starts in China, and a record 25,000 of DSP Invisalign Touch-Up cases, total revenues for Q3 were slightly below our Q3 revenue outlook in part due to more pronounced seasonality for Clear Aligners than expected, as well as continued weak consumer sentiment and a soft dental market, especially in the U.S. Q3 '24 non-GAAP operating margin of 22.1% was better than expected and increased year-over-year compared to 21.8% in Q3 of '23. For Clear Aligners, Q3 volumes were up year-over-year and down slightly sequentially. Year-over-year volumes were driven by strong growth in APAC, especially China, as well as growth from the EMEA and Latin American regions. On a sequential basis, Clear Aligner volumes were down from Q2, reflecting more pronounced seasonality and soft dental markets in the U.S., offset somewhat by strength in APAC and Latin American regions. In the teen and growing kids' segment, a record 236,000 teens and younger patients started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners during the third quarter, an increase of 9.1% sequentially and up 6.7% year-over-year, reflecting growth across regions, especially from Invisalign First in the APAC and EMEA regions. In Q3, the number of doctors submitting teen or younger patient case starts was up over 6% year-over-year, led by continued strength from doctors treating young kids, also known as growing patients. During the quarter, we continued to commercialize the Invisalign Palatal Expander, Align's first direct 3D printed orthodontic appliance. Q3 reflected steady momentum for doctor submitters and shipments in the United States and Canada. We recently announced commercial availability in Singapore, and we're excited to extend the availability of the transformative Invisalign Palatal Expander System to even more doctors and their patients in markets across the Asia Pacific region. We expect it to be available in other markets, pending future applicable regulatory approvals. Non-case revenues include our Vivera retainers, retention aligners ordered through our Doctor Subscription Program, or DSP, clinical training and education, accessories and ecommerce. In Q3, non-case revenues were up year-over-year, primarily due to continued growth in retainers and the DSP program, including non-Invisalign patients getting retainers. DSP includes Invisalign Touch-Up cases up to 14 stages and is currently available in North America and certain countries in Europe. For Q3, total Invisalign DSP Touch-Up cases were up nearly 30% year-over-year to more than 25,000 cases. Q3 '24 Clear Aligner volume from DSO customers increased sequentially and year-over-year, reflecting growth across all regions. The DSO business in United States continues to outpace our retail doctors, driven by our largest DSO partners, Smile Doctors and Heartland Dental. We also had strong growth in iTero scanner sales from DSOs investing in their member practices and end-to-end digital workflows. Q3 was another strong quarter for our Systems and Services business, and year-over-year revenue growth was up 15.6%, reflecting higher scanner ASPs and non-systems revenues, driven by iTero Lumina, wand upgrades, increased scanner rentals and certified pre-owned or CPO leasing programs, as well as increased services revenues, partially offset by lower scanner volumes. On a sequential basis, Q3 Systems and Services revenues were down 2.9%, reflecting lower scanner ASPs and non-systems revenues, particularly offset by higher scanner volumes. The iTero Lumina's new Multi-Direct Capture technology replaces the confocal imaging technology in earlier models and has a 3x wider field of capture and a 50% smaller and 45% lighter wand, delivering faster scanning speed, higher accuracy, super visualization and a more comfortable scanning experience. Lumina is currently available with orthodontic workflows as new standalone scanner or as a wand upgrade from the iTero Element 5D Plus scanner. Overall, for Q3, we continue to be very pleased with the ongoing adoption of iTero Lumina scanner, with ortho workflow and response from customers. We currently expect to begin a limited market release for the restorative software on the iTero Lumina scanner in Q1 '25, followed by full commercialization by the end of Q1. Today, we announced new iTero scanner products innovations to further enhance digital dentistry workflows and integrated treatment options in oral health, restorative and aesthetic treatment in general dentistry. Align Oral Healthcare Suite with new comparison tools that aid in multimodality assessments and personalized oral health records and reports. Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro in multiple treatment simulation to drive chairside patient education about treatment options, and iTero Design Suite with intuitive design capabilities for in-practice 3D printing now commercially available in selected markets. We believe the iTero intraoral scanner innovations introduced today enable doctors to present a variety of treatment options to their patients, supporting chairside education and communications. That helps deliver a great patient experience and supports patients in making more informed choices about their dental treatment and consultation with their doctors. We're also pleased to share that Invisalign Japan was recently awarded the [Golden] (ph) Design Award for 2024 for the iTero Lumina Intraoral scanner, making this the second time we received this prestigious award in the past two years. The Good Design Award is globally known and recognized by domestic and international designers and is the only comprehensive evaluation and recommendation system of design in Japan. The award designation increases the recognition and reliability of awarded works of -- and companies, promotes problem solving through design and focuses on the significance of design to people and society. Before I turn the call over to John, I want to comment on the employment actions we announced today resulting from a global reorganization and restructuring. As part of Align's 2025 annual operating plan process, we identified positions to be eliminated or transferred to other locations. These are difficult actions, and valuable employees will leave the company. As part of this restructuring, Raj Pudipeddi's position as EVP and MD Americas and Chief Marketing Officer has been eliminated and he will leave in the fourth quarter. We thank Raj for his contributions to Align over the past five-plus years in leading our marketing and product innovation and management as well as overseeing the APAC and Americas regions. We wish Raj well. I'm pleased to welcome Frank Quinn back to Align. He is a well-established leader with a customer focus and proven track record in orthodontics and digital dentistry. Frank's deep experience, understanding and insights into what digital means for our doctor customers is key and he is excited to be rejoining Align. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now, for our Q3 financial results. Total revenues for the third quarter were $977.9 million, down 4.9% from the prior quarter and up 1.8% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. On a constant currency basis, Q3 '24 revenues were not significantly impacted by foreign exchange sequentially and were unfavorably impacted by approximately $14.6 million year-over-year or approximately 1.5%. For Clear Aligners, Q3 '24 revenues of $786.8 million were down 5.4% sequentially, primarily from lower volume, higher discounts, product mix shift to lower-priced products and geographic mix, partially offset by lower net revenue deferrals. Q3 Clear Aligner revenues were not significantly impacted by foreign exchange sequentially. Q3 '24 Clear Aligners per case shipment of $1,275 was lower by $20 on a sequential basis due to higher discounts, product and geographic mix, partially offset by lower net revenue deferrals. On a year-over-year basis, Q3 Clear Aligner revenues were down 1%, primarily from lower ASPs, reflecting the impact from unfavorable foreign exchange of $11.7 million or approximately 1.5%, a 20% price reduction in the UK to offset a 2024 ruling by the UK tax authorities in Q1 of '24 that requires a 20% VAT be applied to Clear Aligner sales in the UK, product mix shift to lower-priced products, geographic mix and higher discounts. This decrease was partially offset by lower net deferrals and price increases, along with higher volumes and higher non-case revenues. Q3 '24 Clear Aligner per case shipment of $1,275 was down $45 on a year-over-year basis due to unfavorable foreign exchange of $18, impact of UK VAT of $12, product and geographic mix, higher discounts and partially offset by lower net revenue deferrals and price increases. Our Invisalign Comprehensive [3-and-3] (ph) product is available in North America, EMEA and in certain markets across APAC. We are pleased with the continued adoption of the Invisalign Comprehensive 3-and-3 product and anticipate adoption will continue. Comprehensive 3-and-3 provides doctors the flexibility they want while allowing us to recognize more revenue upfront, with deferred revenue being recognized over a shorter period compared to our traditional Invisalign Comprehensive product, which in turn allows us to benefit from a more favorable gross margin. Clear Aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet decreased $6.2 million or 0.5% sequentially and decreased $25.8 million or 2% year-over-year and will be recognized as additional aligners are shipped under each sales contract. Q3 '24 Systems and Services revenue of $191 million were down 2.9% sequentially, primarily due to lower ASP and decreased non-system revenues mostly related to fewer upgrades, partially offset by higher scanner volumes. Q3 '24 Systems and Services revenue were up 15.6% year-over-year, primarily due to higher ASPs, increased non-system revenues, mostly related to upgrades in our leasing rental programs, and higher services revenue, partially offset by lower scanner volumes. Q3 '24 Systems and Services revenues impact by foreign exchange was approximately flat sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $2.9 million or approximately 1.5%. The Systems and Services deferred revenues on the balance sheet was down $1.5 million or 0.7% sequentially and down $40.6 million or 15.4% year-over-year, primarily due to the recognition of services revenue, which are recognized ratably over the service period. The decline in deferred revenues, both sequentially and year-over-year, primarily reflects the shorter duration of service contracts applicable to initial scanner purchases. Moving on to gross margin. Third quarter overall gross margin was 69.7%, down 0.5 points sequentially and up 0.7 points year-over-year. Overall gross margin was not significantly impacted by foreign exchange sequentially and was unfavorably impacted by approximately 0.4 points on a year-over-year basis. Clear Aligner gross margin for the third quarter was 70.3%, down 0.5 points sequentially due primarily to lower ASPs and higher mix of additional aligners, partially offset by lower manufacturing spend. Clear Aligner gross margin for the third quarter was down 0.5 points year-over-year due primarily -- due to lower ASPs, partially offset by lower manufacturing spend. On a constant currency basis, Clear Aligner gross margin was unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange by 0.4 points year-over-year. Systems and Services gross margin for the third quarter was 67.5%, down 0.7 points sequentially due primarily to mix, partially offset by lower manufacturing spend and freight costs. Systems and Services gross margin for the third quarter was up 6.5 points year-over-year due primarily to higher ASPs, partially offset by higher service and freight costs. On a constant currency basis, Systems and Services gross margin was unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange by 0.5 points year-over-year. Q3 operating expenses were $519.5 million, down 9.7% sequentially and up 4.6% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were down $56.1 million due primarily to non-recurring legal settlements, advertising and marketing and employee compensation. Year-over-year, operating expenses increased by $22.7 million, primarily due to employee compensation. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangibles related to certain acquisitions, restructuring, legal settlements and other charges, operating expenses were $472.7 million, down 5.4% sequentially and up 3.1% year-over-year. Our third quarter operating income of $162.3 million resulted in an operating margin of 16.6%, up 2.3 points sequentially and down 0.7 points year-over-year. Operating margin was favorably impacted from foreign exchange of approximately 0.1 point sequentially and unfavorably impacted by 0.8 points year-over-year. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles related to certain acquisitions, restructuring, legal settlements and other charges, operating margin for the third quarter was 22.1%, down 0.2 points sequentially and up 0.3 points year-over-year. Interest and other income and expense net for the third quarter was an income of $3.6 million, primarily due to foreign exchange compared to an expense of $3.2 million in Q2 of '24 and an expense of $4.2 million in Q3 of '23. The GAAP effective tax rate in the third quarter was 30.1% compared to 32.9% in the second quarter and 25.1% in the third quarter of the prior year. The third quarter GAAP effective tax rate was lower than the second quarter effective tax rate primarily due to adjustments related to tax return filings, partially offset by a small increase in uncertain tax position reserves. The third quarter GAAP effective tax rate was higher in the third quarter -- than the third quarter effective tax rate in the prior year primarily due to recognizing a one-time benefit related to the application of tax guidance issued during the third quarter of the prior year. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate in the third quarter was 20%, which reflects our long-term projected tax rate. The third quarter net income per diluted share was $1.55, up sequentially $0.27 and down $0.03 compared to the prior year. Our EPS was favorably impacted due -- primarily due to foreign exchange by $0.03 on a sequential basis and unfavorably impacted by $0.08 on a year-over-year basis. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.35 for the third quarter, down $0.06 sequentially and up $0.21 year-over-year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents were $1,041.9 million, up sequentially $280.5 million and down $197.1 million year-over-year. Of our $1,041.9 million balance, $285 million was held in the U.S. and $756.5 million was held by our international entities. We have $500 million available for repurchase of our common stock under our January 2023 repurchase program. Beginning in Q4 2024 and continued into Q1 '25, we expect to repurchase up to $275 million of our common stock through either a combination of open market repurchases or an accelerated stock repurchase agreement. Q3 accounts receivable balance was $1,010.6 million, down sequentially. Our overall day sales outstanding was 93 days, up approximately four days sequentially and up approximately eight days as compared to Q3 last year. Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $263.7 million. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $29.8 million, primarily related to investments in our manufacturing capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $233.9 million. Turning to our 2024 outlook. Assuming no circumstances occur beyond our control, including foreign exchange, we expect the following business outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect Q4 '24 worldwide revenues to be in the range of $995 million to $1,015 million. We expect Q4 '24 Clear Aligner volume and ASPs to be slightly up sequentially. We expect Q4 '24 Systems and Services revenues to be up sequentially, consistent with typical Q4 seasonality. We expect Q4 '24 GAAP operating margin to be slightly lower than 14%, primarily due to restructuring charges related to severance for impacted employees. We estimate these restructuring charges will impact Q4 '24 GAAP operating margin by approximately 3 points. We anticipate Q4 '24 non-GAAP operating margin to be slightly up sequentially. For fiscal 2024, we expect investments in capital expenditures to be above $100 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building construction and improvements as well as manufacturing capacity in support of continued expansion. As we have said many times, we continually evaluate and evolve our business model to provide doctors with the best tools and resources that they need to help them treat their patients while managing our operations responsibly. Today's restructuring action is designed to adjust our business to more closely align with the existing business environment. We expect the restructuring actions we announced today will give us margin accretion for full year in 2025 even as we scale up our next-generation direct 3D printing fabrication manufacturing. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, John. In closing, for Q3, I was pleased to report another strong Systems and Services quarter, and I'm excited about our next-generation Lumina scanner and its continued positive impact on our customers' digital workflow, with ortho software today and restorative software expected to be released in Q1 of next year. Q3 was also strong for our Invisalign Clear Aligner business in the Asia Pacific, EMEA and Latin America regions. For -- those markets are our fastest-growing regions and help to balance outperformance in other geographies. We understand that operating environment is more challenging, and we are adapting and driving our growth strategy despite continued weak consumer demand trends. especially in the United States and a sluggish dental market. In the face of inflation, high interest rates, less patient traffic and longer conversion cycles, especially for adult patients, orthodontists and dentists are facing challenges in practice growth and profitability that impacts the way many of them approach orthodontic treatment. It is more important than ever that we differentiate our products and services and become the best partner for our customers by creating solutions that drive more patients to their practices, accelerates treatment conversion and improves their experience and bottom line. As the innovation leader in digital dentistry technology, it's our job to ensure we have the organizational structure, focus and rigor to help doctors realize the full potential of this opportunity by doing more to engage our doctor customers and support their practice growth and to help consumers and potential patients connect with these practices to get to smiles that they love. We continue to evaluate and evolve our business to provide doctors with the best tools and resources they deserve. Align is the leader in digital orthodontics, and we are committed to supporting doctor customers and the future of digital innovation. We're committed to supporting doctor customers and the future of the digital innovation and are excited the next wave of growth drivers that we believe will revolutionize the orthodontic industry in scanning software and direct 3D printing. We're in the midst of several key technology developments that are critical for the business. We will take the needed actions to get us through this, while at the same time investing in the key areas that we know will transform our industry and our business. The restructuring actions we announced today focused on ROI investments and activities that drive revenue and enable margin expansion, while making room for investments in critical future technologies, including scaling our direct 3D printing operations. With that, I thank you for your time today. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress over the coming quarters. Now, I'll turn the call back over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brandon Vazquez with William Blair. You may proceed.
Brandon Vazquez: Hey everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to start on a little bit just the macro backdrop. Last year, the year-over-year comp also had a little bit of weakness in the September period, if I remember, in 2023. So, things are a little bit worse now. I'm just curious if you can talk about did things get worse from last year, which was already a little bit of -- a little weak. And in case that doesn't make sense, the crux of the question is essentially just talk to us about where macro is going into year-end? Is it stable? I think you guys have used that phrase before. Is it worsening? Just any thoughts you guys are seeing on end markets?
Joe Hogan: Yeah, Brandon, it's Joe. I'd say, first of all, third quarter is always a tough quarter because of the discontinuities we have with Europe shutting down and different countries being on vacation at different times. So, I wouldn't say that the third quarter this year was worse in some way than the third quarter last year. I'd just say that it was the kind of seasonality in a difficult market. What we try to call out, as you could see, is that United States market seems to be one of our the most affected and it's really one of our largest markets, too. And so that's been a challenge in that sense also. John, do you want to add anything?
John Morici: No, that's accurate.
Brandon Vazquez: Okay. And then, as my follow-up just quickly, as we look towards 2025, right, and if we just assume end markets are stable, right, let's say things remain stable, how should we think about what the top-line on this business could do and what the P&L could look like in a year where things are stable, right? You guys are somewhat macro hindered right now. So, is it a continuation of what we're seeing in '24? Are there reasons to get a little bit more excited and accelerate the business? Any expectations around that would be helpful. Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Joe, again. I'd just say we'd like to see some increased consumer confidence obviously in the United States and just an economy that feels better to consumers. We feel that this is more of an external issue than it is an internal issue when you look at Align overall in our growth rates, particularly in United States. And so, any kind of increase in economic activity and increase in consumer confidence, we think would be really positive for our customers and then for Align in turn.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Brandon. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel. You may proceed.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Jon.
Jon Block: Hey, guys. Good afternoon, Joe. Joe, maybe just to start with you, and it sort of picks up on that last question, anything to call out with the different results in the U.S. versus international? In other words, I think I've got this right, but cases up 2.5% globally, but as you mentioned, down in the U.S. So, is it just the consumer? Is there anything to focus on from a go to market strategy? Do we have to think about incremental competition that might be more acute in the U.S. versus OUS? Just would love your thoughts on that dynamic.
Joe Hogan: Yeah, Jon, it's a good question. I'd say it's mainly external when I look at it. I don't think there's been any dramatic changes from a competitive standpoint in the marketplace. If I look at our ortho channel and our dental channels, they're both challenged in the sense of patient throughput and their ability to close. I was just talking to some of our largest DSOs this morning and the comparison is similar. This is -- and these are -- the close rates at our customers are more difficult, too. It's customers come in, we know they want teeth treatment, but they're not really confident in the sense of their ability to pay for it or wanting to pay for it right now in the economic situation. So, I wouldn't call out anything externally from a competitive standpoint or whatever. This is more what we feel is external economics and consumer confidence issue in the United States. Look, we see, Jon, the same thing in Europe, but Europe has been a little better and a little different, because all those countries have different situations, but it's more pronounced in the United States because it's so large and so uniform in that sense.
Jon Block: Got it. Okay, thanks. And then, second question will be sort of a famous two-parter, but John, just to start, I just want to be crystal clear, you guys are committing to overall op margin expansion in '25. If that's correct, it will be somewhat neutered by the direct 3D printing fabrication initiative. Maybe if you can verify that? And then, any thoughts on the top-line? That would just be first question or I'll call it Part A. And Part B -- sorry go ahead, John.
John Morici: I was going to give the op margin. The op margin, yes, we made the restructuring actions, given us room, so that we can get the year-over-year margin accretion, while still investing in all the things that we've talked about with direct fab and five-minute ClinCheck and Lumina and so on. So, we're going to continue making those investments. The restructuring gives us some room to show that margin accretion.
Jon Block: Okay. And again, the other part of that question was, any thoughts on the top-line? If you're committing to the OM expansion, what does that mean from a top-line perspective? And the second one, Joe, just if I can pivot and if you can talk to some of the initiatives out there? In other words, it seems like Costco is off to a slow start, [per our] (ph) checks. Do you need to be in the store? And then, more recently, we picked up on a new financing initiative that it seems like you're rolling out and sort of guarantees the case approval, denials have been a problem. Where are you with that initiative? And when do you expect it to have a more sort of prominent impact on the overall P&L? Thanks, guys.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. Hey, Jon, I'll just kind of just frame your question. The first one like Costco, we've had some success in Costco, but it's nothing as material for the business right now, but I think you have to look at that as we do internally. It's a brand strategy. We have the number one brand in the world. We're looking at different areas of how we can leverage that brand to try to encourage consumers more in the sense of entertaining Invisalign treatment. As far as financing, we know that customers right now are challenged in the sense that they do want a treatment from an orthodontic standpoint, but they're really challenged from a financial standpoint. And John and the team are doing all they can. And also our DSO -- big DSO partners are doing what we can to offer the type of financing that would give consumers more confidence to move forward.
John Morici: And on overall revenue, Jon, we'll give more of an update as we get closer into 2025. But as we've said and as we've made the adjustments, we're committed to driving growth, investing where we can find that growth, balancing our investments on some of the new technologies that we have that we know will transform this business. So that's all at stake now and things that we're mindful of, but we'll give more of an update on 2025 as we get closer.
Jon Block: Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Yeah, you're welcome, Jon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. You may proceed.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi. I'm also going to try my hand at a two-parter as well, [since that's the theme] (ph). One, I mean, as you talk about the restructuring and sort of Frank coming back to the organization, I think you hinted at it a little bit. I know it's obviously a little bit early, so just sort of high-level quality of thought would be fine on this too. Like, what do you mean when you're -- what are you sort of -- like, what is he going to sort of drive or what do you -- is there sort of like an inflection that you're thinking about how he operates the business differently? And sort of as a corollary to that, like, I think you talked about getting closer to the consumer. If you could talk maybe about that portion of it? And then secondarily, it was nice to hear the positive commentary about China. So, I'd love to hear a little bit more about that market and sort of how you're thinking about the consumer outlook for that market as well. Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Elizabeth, it's Joe. On Frank coming back, Frank was -- had been in the business from 2013. I think he left us in 2022 for another type of venture. Look, this business is about -- it's about three things. One is relationships. This is not a transactional business. This is one where you want to have good relationships and good trust with doctors, and Frank really brings that from a leadership standpoint. Secondly is, you would need a good understanding of the technology and types of programs that can help to drive growth. Frank is really an expert in that area. He's shown that over the years. When you look at our DSO program today, it's been really effective. Frank happened to put that together back when I first arrived, back in 2015, 2016 and really made that happen. Thirdly is, you need someone with scope in the sense of understands the industries, understands the competition, knows what really makes doctors make decisions, and orthodontists and how they make decisions versus the general practitioners. Frank has all that, and he's a trusted commodity within the business. So, we're excited to have him back.
John Morici: And then, the last part of your question, Elizabeth, on China, we're pleased with China results, sold to more doctors, pleased with the utilization. It's a great teen season for us in China. We saw good adoption of various products, including Invisalign First and others, where we saw good utilization there. So, China, for us, from a teen standpoint, especially, played out really well for us.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Thank you.
Joe Hogan: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. You may proceed.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Jason.
Jason Bednar: Hey there. Yeah, good afternoon. I'm going to come back and follow-up on one of Jon's questions. I know a lot of us have been trying to estimate the margin upside or the margin impact from 3D printing over time, just given the cost benefits you can realize from the initiative. But the comment today here with the restructuring offsetting some of the -- maybe some of the investments you're making, it would seem like that this initiative may be dilutive to gross margins in '25. So, maybe just help us bridge the thinking that you're making in these comments today, reconcile some of those comments, and if you can, quantify kind of the puts and takes?
John Morici: Yeah. I'll take my best at this. So, overall, we're talking op margin. We think that the restructuring that we're making is going to be op margin accretive on a year-over-year basis despite all the investments. You're right, from a gross margin standpoint, as we scale things, the direct fab printing, while gives us a lot of capability and a lot of benefits for our doctors, there is a higher cost initially until we start to scale that. But we're committed to that op margin accretion on a year-over-year basis for next year despite that. And then, as we have new products that come and we know the doctors are going to love what we're bringing to market, that will scale up. And as that scales up, then that really drives the overall productivity that we will see on the gross margin side, primarily from the materials and the less material that we need to go into the product.
Jason Bednar: All right, understood. And I guess maybe one follow-up to there and then another separate follow-up. But just any timeline on when we might see the gross margin benefits or expansion off of historical norms once that 3D printing does scale? And then, just with the teen season maybe now mostly complete, just what's your assessment of that part of the market, Joe, inside the U.S., outside the U.S.? The data we see has been a bit more mixed between kind of the clear aligner and bracket and wire part of the markets the past several months. Your business has grown decently the past year and a half. So, just -- do you have better visibility on this part of the market? I'm just trying to understand this again in the context of the broader comments you're making on the U.S. being a little bit softer. Thanks.
John Morici: So, Jason, this is John. I'll take the first part of your question on gross margin. Look, we've talked about it being like a two- to three-year journey to be able to help scale this up. I can say this, we're very pleased with the progress that we're making around resin and being able to scale that and get it at the right cost. So that's good progress there. As well as on the equipment side, we're making good progress around being able to scale up the actual manufacturing of this. But in terms of when you scale this and get it to a larger extent, it's really two to three years, but you will see some new products that we have on the direct fab showing up next year and in doctors' hands to give them those capabilities.
Joe Hogan: Jason, on the teen market, I mean, when you look at the international teen market, obviously, we had really good success in Asia in the quarter. We have really a terrific portfolio when you think about our Invisalign First product. Now, we have Invisalign Palatal Expander. With that also, it's what we call mandibular advancement with occlusal blocks, which are used for Class IIs, usually for patients between 10 and 11 years old. So, when you look at those pre-teen ages, we have a really good portfolio to line up in that sense. So, I think you're seeing that come through with our sales overall. When you reflect back on the United States, obviously, our orthodontic customers are really challenged. And 80% on an average, 75% of what they do are teens. And some of the close rates on teens, just talking to some of the DSOs and different doctors that we have on the orthodontic side, the close rates are even tougher on the teen segment than what it's been in the past, too. And so, times like this, where they're pressed for traffic and they're pressed for margin, they will reflect back to wires and brackets to support the profitability of their practice. We know that. We understand it. It's our job to communicate to consumers and to orthodontists what the benefits are, particularly this early treatment and what we can do. And so, this is a doctor-to-doctor situation, but again, it's an external environment where consumers are concerned with their pocketbooks right now, and they're reluctant to make decisions and close at times. And obviously, the orthodontists are responding from an individual practice standpoint accordingly.
Jason Bednar: All right. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Saxon with Needham & Company. You may proceed.
David Saxon: Great. Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my questions. I'd like to start on iTero actually. I'd love to get some color around how we should think about iTero growth with the ongoing Lumina rollout, particularly with the restorative workflow coming out early next year, but then in the context of interest rates remaining high and then lapping comps from the initial ortho launch?
Joe Hogan: Yeah, David, I think you have to start with, and I think I get the gist of your question, there's a lot of pressure on capital equipment sales in the marketplace given what we're talking about with customers being challenged in that way. I think what you have to do with the Lumina and think about it, it's truly a brand new platform. It's not an iteration of old technology like the next phase of our older technology. It's something that's really new, and it's captured doctors' attention. And I think it's the size of our sales and how well we've done, particularly in a traditional third quarter, it's a little bit slower, I think it surprised a lot of people. So, I think this is a testimony to the technology we've brought forward and the uniqueness of that technology, why we've been able -- to be able to have those kinds of sales at this point in time. We're excited about the restorative coming on in the first quarter. The team is making good progress on that. So, overall, it's just a great foundation to grow from. And what's wonderful about that platform, too, is we'll iterate from that platform going forward in different areas that will really help us to diversify the product line and target certain applications in the future.
John Morici: And two things that really have helped iTero and kind of go through this, especially with the new product and so on, it's really given us a lot of opportunity on other products that we sell within the iTero kind of family. So, all the way from CPOs that we have certified pre-owned, all the way to the 5D. We actually sold a lot of 5Ds this past quarter. So, that really helps us. And then, the added part, in a tougher economy, we're giving a lot more flexibility to doctors to kind of sell the way they want to buy. Some don't want to purchase outright because of the economic conditions and so on. So, we see a lot more leasing or in other places we see more rental. And for us, that's a great trade. It will get that recurring revenue off of those different selling options, but then it's great when a doctor uses iTero because we know they'll do use more Invisalign.
David Saxon: Great. Thanks for that. And then, on the U.S. side, on the Clear Aligners, can you give more color on kind of where that weakness is actually coming from? Is it the ortho channel or is it with GPs? And then, anywhere specifically from a portfolio perspective? Thanks so much.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. I mean, it's almost equal in both. We see pressure on the ortho side. I mean, if you look at any kind of industrial data right now as far as patients entering the dental industry right now, the GP space, it's challenged overall. So, we see pressure in both of those areas for the same reasons we talked about before.
Shirley Stacy: Yeah. Thanks, David. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird. You may proceed.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Hey, Joe. How are you? Good afternoon, guys. So, Joe, let me ask one high-level question and then maybe just a modeling question for John. But from a high level, your R&D was down 4% year-over-year this quarter. You're making the headcount reductions. CapEx at $100 million is well below even the last couple of years, closer to $250 million those years. You're talking about increasing the buyback margin improvement next year. All of these comments kind of just point to a more mature company and that's not a critique at all. I think that's where we all know you are and see where you are. So, I guess my question is, how does this change your management style, your management objectives over the next few years? Obviously, you came into this business really pushing the top-line, but is there an evolution that's happening to go on with how you lead this company and lead this organization as well?
Joe Hogan: Hey, Jeff. I think it's a really good question. I'd say we're responding to the times here. Don't make it a reflection on what the opportunity the company is at all. We're so underpenetrated, not just in United States or North America or whatever, but all over the world. And there's hundreds of millions of people that need to have their teeth straightened. And the only way you could ever do that in a broad sense is with digital orthodontics. So, don't miss that point, Jeff. We are going through a spell right now. And what you see with the R&D down and CapEx and different things like that, CapEx is, you know we're not putting on any more manufacturing right now. We have enough manufacturing, and we're still bringing up our Poland plant, right? We're being responsible from a business leadership standpoint for our shareholders in this specific situation, but at the same time, Jeff, we're pouring a lot of money into 3D printing, five-minute ClinCheck, next phases of Lumina. All these things will really enter into just another growth cycle when this market starts to come back with brand new tech. This is the technology of the future if you really want to play in digital orthodontics. So, what we're doing is funding that, being responsible to our shareholders, but not losing our enthusiasm and what we think our opportunity is in the future.
Jeff Johnson: Yeah. No, that's all fair. You are holding a sell-side event or at least an investor event a week from Saturday. Would that be a time to evaluate though that LRP, that 20% to 30% intermediate longer-term top-line growth expectation?
Joe Hogan: I think until we get a better read on what the economy is going to do, Jeff, I think that 20% to 30% represents how we feel that market could grow in the future, but we have to have the right economic conditions, particularly in the biggest markets in the world like the United States that we participate in.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. And John, one modeling question. Just when I listen to the ASPs, I think the quick math on that is, it sounds like between the VAT issue that should anniversary at the start of next year, just remind me if I've got the timing on that correct, but should anniversary at the start of next year, currency headwinds should be -- we'll see what the U.S. dollar does post-election year, but should be reasonably moderating from here? So, I think ex currency and ex VAT, you had about 1.1% down ASP year-over-year. One, is that math correct? And two, is that about what we should be thinking about as we head kind of into '25 once VAT and hopefully FX normalizes a bit?
John Morici: You're right about FX hopefully normalizes, it's hard to predict. VAT does anniversary at the beginning of next year. And what we've said in the past that that ASPs would be flat to slightly down. So, your percentage you're talking about is in that range.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Jeff.
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS. You may proceed.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Caliendo: Hey, thanks. Hi, Joe. Thanks for taking my question. This is maybe a little bit off, but just wondering if you guys have ever done this analysis in terms of thinking about the Venn diagram between people purchasing GLP-1s and people going and getting Invisalign treatments, because the cost for adults anyways might be close. And I'm just wondering if there's any -- if you guys have seen any correlation to maybe that's part of the weakness in the adult market as the shortages have -- in GLP-1s have come down or people may be investing $5,000 that way as opposed to into Clear Aligners. Have you done that analysis or seen anything?
Joe Hogan: I can't say that we've been -- we've overly quantified it, Kevin. We hear that a lot. There's a lot of medical device companies that kind of talk about that that might be corollaries in the sense of what you're seeing with the GLP marketplace overall. I can't say that it's not a factor because it's obviously a high expense and something that's kind of on an annual basis in line to what it would cost to do an Invisalign treatment. But I haven't wanted to lean into that as one of the drivers here. I think it's just overwhelmed by an economy right now where consumers don't have a lot of money in their pocket or confidence about what it's going to be in the future. And GLP might play a role in it, it might not. I think also you can look around the world also in some of the markets, like Continental Europe, that's not necessarily as affected by it as maybe United States is. And I can't say I've seen that piece, too. So, there's an old saying that correlation doesn't mean causation, right? And so, I would stay with that right now.
Kevin Caliendo: Fair enough. That's helpful. And just I know you don't want to talk about '25, but let's just think about the fourth quarter and sort of what you're implying for your guide in exiting the year sort of a midpoint of like 5%. Should we just sort of take that as a starting point, adjust for whatever we think the economy might do that might impact the adult side of the marketplace more and then think about Lumina as an add on to that? I mean, is that sort of how you're thinking about the business?
John Morici: Yeah. I think we'll obviously give more as we get closer to this, Kevin, but I think -- look, you come out of the year, that's probably a good starting point to be able to build off of that and say, look, what do you think is going to happen to the economy, we're going to know more, maybe about interest rates and election and other things will kind of come about and we'll have a better view of that. But I think it's a good starting point as you think about next year, you're going to add in some of the things that we've talked about with, Lumina restorative and other things and then build off of that, but we'll give more details as we get closer, obviously.
Kevin Caliendo: Appreciate it guys. Thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Yeah, thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Cherny with Leerink Partners. You may proceed.
Michael Cherny: Hi, good afternoon. Maybe just one, following up on a question earlier on the some of the 3D printing work in the fab-related products that you're going to be pushing out. As you think about the potential for introduction to those products, how are you thinking, given that this is a bit of a obviously different manufacturing approach that you've taken before, about what the rollout will look like? Will it look any different in terms of the types of beta customers that you're going to be pursuing? How should we think about tracking -- I mean, tracking is not the right word, but making sure that you're hitting on the right customer experience, the right overlap, the right introduction process as you get what obviously could be a very scalable set of products, set of new opportunities out to market?
Joe Hogan: Hey, Michael, it's Joe. Just taking your question is, as you think about it, when you think of what we do today, when you [indiscernible], obviously, you lose a huge amount of opportunity to differentiate the geometry of that particular product and how it can help a doctor. The one sector of our business that would I think will appreciate this the most will be the orthodontic community that do a lot of Class IIs, difficult cases, young teens, and we'll be able to produce products that are more and more tailored to consumers in that specific condition than what we could do today. And so, we would offer the product that way, and we think it'd be very appealing to them. Secondly, from a general dentistry standpoint, it's a big part of our marketplace, too, there's a lot that we can do to help them with this product line also. So, I hope I'm answering your question, but the design freedom that we have here in the end and we have to prove it when you can use relatively different thicknesses, you can do different configurations for different kinds of clinical issues that a patient might have, we expect to have more predictability in the sense of how fast you can move those teeth and more certainty and how long those cases will take. And I think doctors are going to appreciate that, but I think as we're certain of that, patients will appreciate that too, and we certainly would communicate that to patients.
Michael Cherny: No, that certainly does help. And then maybe just one quick question, I promise it's not an attempt to go at '25 guidance specifically, but obviously, you've mentioned numerous times the UK VAT that's impacting ASPs internationally this year. Is there any outliers or one-time dynamics that we should be thinking about or contemplating relative to next year, something that like the UK VAT or anything else that could factor into the modeling that's non-normal?
John Morici: Michael, this is John. Nothing that we would say is non-normal. I mean, the nice thing about the anniversary of the UK VAT is, it does anniversary. Obviously, we're doing things to try to work with that government there to explain and ideally not have a VAT on our products, because it affects what goes to doctors and how much they pay and then passing it on to potential patients. But there's nothing like that, that we would see on the horizon as that type of impact.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Michael. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Erin Wright: Great. Thanks. Can you speak a little bit more on just the nature of the restructuring outside of the executive change today, I guess the timeline, scope, magnitude and anything that you can give us in terms of quantifying that benefit from a profit perspective into 2025 and what that translates into just broadly speaking, but also just what -- how this kind of came about in terms of what's on the table, what were your changes that you were thinking about in terms of the business outlook or backdrop that really changed in your view since it's been a sluggish kind of consumer backdrop for some time? Now, I guess what else has changed? Thanks.
John Morici: Yeah, Erin, I could try to give you kind of an overview of where things are at. Just as part of a normal AOP process, you're always evaluating where you're going to make investments, where you're going to fund it, how you're going to fund it and so on. So, this is part of our process that we go through where we're planning out where we're going to end up for the year and what does it mean for next year and how do we grow and do all the things that we want to talk through. This type of restructuring, this is about 2x of what we did last year. Last year, we did about 350 or so, just over 300. This is close to 700 people. There's some restructuring charges, we've talked about that, this year. But really what it does and what -- I'll go back to what Joe was talking about, we want to be focused in on what we can drive as our business, what we can do from a growth platform standpoint, whether it's the direct fab, five-minute ClinCheck, Lumina restorative. We want to fund those, but we've got to also show some margin accretion and we want to be margin accretive on a year-over-year basis. So, we can fund what we need to fund to really be driving our business and we'll fund it based on some of these changes here, but it really set us up for a position to be able to show that margin accretion next year.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. And then, as we head into the fourth quarter, I guess, does your guidance assume a continuation of the same in terms of the sluggish environment in the U.S.? Or does it have any sort of changes across other regions that you anticipate either continued acceleration or deterioration across other kind of markets or geographies here? Thanks.
John Morici: Yeah, Erin, it just kind of assumes what we've seen. I mean, like as we pointed out, U.S., North America not great, we kind of assume the same. Other places we actually saw good improvement, in parts of Asia, Latin America, Middle East, other places, and we continue to invest and expect to grow in those areas. So, like any forecast, you take the best information you have at the time, you try to translate to what that's going to mean for the upcoming quarter, and that's what we did for fourth quarter.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Erin. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Mike Ryskin with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Mike Ryskin: Hey, thanks, guys. Just a couple of cleanup follow-up questions. One, I think just kind of following up on what Erin touched there and John you touched on this as well. Two years in a row now, and again part of that is just natural attrition, natural cleanup of the business, but should we expect this to be sort of the normal going forward in terms of the restructuring? You guys famously kind of held off on that for a while. And very famously during COVID, you actually reinvested and you refused to cut when others were cutting. So, just help us think in terms of how we should factor that in going forward.
Joe Hogan: Hey, comparing this time with COVID is a stretch, Michael, overall. When we didn't lay anybody off during COVID, our expectation was that wouldn't last as long as it did, but fortunately, that was a decision to pay off well when the market came back so strongly. Right now, we're looking at just a sustained economic malaise, I would call it, in the United States, and we're responding accordingly. We haven't lost our enthusiasm and our belief in how this business can grow and this market potential of this business. What you're seeing in the restructuring is we're responding to external pressures that we see and being responsible from a business standpoint and being sure that we fund these key three technologies that we know will lead into the future from an overall digital orthodontic standpoint.
John Morici: And that's the key point of it now. It's being able to make space and have a budget to be able to fund these key technologies, because we know that's going to drive the future and it's doing things that we know no one else can do, no other company can do what we're trying to do with this. So, it's really important for us now to keep that focus through these budget changes and so on. It's what companies do to be able to push the future and do it in a responsible way where we could show margin accretion. We know we always talk about levers that we could pull or not pull. This is a part of it, and it just comes about it on a more annual basis as you assess the current environment.
Mike Ryskin: Okay. And then, quick cleanup, if I could, on the ASPs. You talked about earlier, I think, in the Q&A, you touched on some of the factors that impacted you in the quarter and your thoughts about next year, but just on 4Q, I think you guided up ASP sequentially, and you've had some of these mixed dynamics, some of the discounting and FX for a number of quarters in a row. Just what are you seeing so far through October that's giving you confidence that you'll be able to reverse that? Because I think some of those headwinds don't fade till next year.
John Morici: Yeah. Well, I think part of -- really all our Advantage programs kind of go from -- they end in at the end of June and then they reset as you come into that second half. So, third quarter kind of took the Advantage changes. So, that shows up in discount. So, I don't expect that to continue. And then, where you do have the benefit and in our case where Europe becomes a bigger part of our business in the fourth quarter and China and some of the other businesses become less, that's good from a mix standpoint. We have a higher ASP in Europe and a lower ASP in China. So, whereas that mix hurt us from a country standpoint, in a lower ASP in the third quarter, we actually get the benefit on that in the fourth quarter based on seasonality.
Mike Ryskin: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, Michael.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. And we have reached the end of our Q&A session. I'll now turn the call back over to Shirley Stacy for closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy: Great. Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking to you at upcoming financial conferences and for those of you who we'll see at the Invisalign Ortho Summit in Las Vegas next week. If you have any other questions, please feel free to contact Investor Relations, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Align Technology Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. Please note, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy with Align Technology. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO, and John Morici, CFO. We issued second quarter 2024 financial results today via Business Wire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 1 month. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We have posted historical financial statements with corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our second quarter 2024 conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us on our call today. I'll provide an overview of our second quarter results and discuss a few highlights from our two operating segments, System and Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our Q2 financial performance and comment on our views for the third quarter and for 2024 in total. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. Overall, Im pleased to report solid second quarter results. Total Q2 '24 revenues of $1,028.5 million were up 3.1% sequentially and 2.6% year-over-year, reflecting growth in both Clear Aligner volumes and Imaging Systems and CAD/CAM Services revenues. Q2 '24 total revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $11.6 million or 1.1% sequentially and unfavorably impacted by approximately $18.1 million or 1.7% year-over-year. For Clear Aligners, Q2 '24 volumes increased 6.2% sequentially and 3.2% year-over-year, driven by growth from adult patients, and strong teen case starts across the regions, led by strength in Asia Pacific, EEMA, and Latin America. Our Q2 results also reflect a record number of doctors submitting cases, and record doctors shipped to for the quarter. Q2 '24 Clear Aligner ASPs were down sequentially and lower than anticipated in our second quarter outlook, due in part to greater impact of unfavorable foreign exchange across multiple currencies, especially the Japanese yen, Euro, and Brazilian real, as well as discounts, and product mix shift to lower ASP products. As a result, total Q2 revenues were slightly below the expected range for our Q2 quarterly revenues. Notwithstanding these factors, non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter was 22.3%, up 2.5 points sequentially, and up 1.0 point year-over-year. For Imaging Systems and CAD/CAM Services, Q2 '24 revenues increased 9.2% sequentially and 16.1% year-over-year reflecting continued adoption of our next-generation iTero Lumina scanner, which made up the majority of our equipment sales, iTero Lumina wand upgrades, iTero Element scanner trade-ins, as well as increased iTero scanner leases. For Q2 '24, adult patient case starts were up 5% sequentially and 1% year-over-year, reflecting our highest number of adult shipments in 8 quarters, driven by strength in the GP channel, led by North America and APAC dentists. In teen and growing kids segment, over 216,000 teens and younger patients started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners during the second quarter, an increase of 8.8% sequentially and up 8% year-over-year, reflecting growth across regions, especially from Invisalign First in the EMEA and APAC regions. In Q2, the number of doctors submitting teen or younger patient case starts was up 8% year-over-year, led by continued strength from doctors treating young kids also known as "growing patients. The response from doctors and their patients to Invisalign Palatal Expander System continues to be positive. We believe that Invisalign Palatal Expander System is a better option for expanding a growing patient's narrow palate compared to traditional appliances used today. The Invisalign Palatal Expander System is currently available in the U.S., Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. We expect it to be available in other markets pending future applicable regulatory approval. Non-Case revenues include our Vivera retainers, which include retention aligners ordered through our Doctor Subscription Program or DSP, as well as clinical training and education accessories in eCommerce. Q2 Non-Case revenues were up 3.5% sequentially and up 5.1% year-over-year, primarily due to continued growth in retainers and DSP. For Q2, total Clear Aligner shipments include approximately 25,000 Invisalign DSP touchup cases, a record high quarter of 37% year-over-year. DSP continues to drive growth and is currently available in North America and certain EMEA countries. During the quarter, we extended DSP into more countries in Europe and we anticipate expanding into additional markets going forward. DSP is also now available in 14 stage touch up aligner offering across all markets where it's available. As a result, Touch-Up cases increased significantly in Q2. Q2 '24 Clear Aligner volume and DSO customers increased sequentially year-over-year reflecting growth across all regions. DSOs represent a large and growing opportunity to help drive adoption of digital technology across the dental industry. We have well-established relationships in many DSOs globally that recognize the benefits of digital workflows enabled by our portfolio of products and services that make up the digital platform. Including increased practice efficiency and profitability, as well as delivering a better patient experience from shorter cycle times and customer proximity. Smile Docs and Heartland Dental are two of our largest DSO partners. We are continuously exploring collaboration with the DSOs that can further the adoption of digital dentistry. Each DSO has a different strategy and business model, and our focus is working and encouraging DSOs aligned with our vision strategy and business model goals. Today, Invisalign is the most recognized orthodontic plan globally and Invisalign, Clear Aligner treatment is faster and more effective than traditional metal braces. Yet the underlying market opportunity to remains huge and untapped. We continue to invest in consumer marketing and demand creation initiatives that raise awareness and drive potential patients to Invisalign practices globally. In Q2, we had more than 17 billion impressions in 50 million visitors to our websites globally. Below are additional highlights from Q2 and more information is available in our Q2 '24 earnings webcast slides. To increase awareness and educate young adults, parents and teens about the benefits of Invisalign brand, we continue to invest and create campaigns in social media platforms such as TikTok, Instagram, U2, Snapchat, WeChat, [indiscernible] across the markets. Reaching young adults as well as teens and their parents also requires the right engagement through Invisalign Influencers and creator-centric campaign. In the Americas, our influence in social media campaigns, featured Olympic athletes such as Rebeca Andrade from Brazil, Andre De Grasse from Canada, Jordan Chiles from the United States and Paralympic athlete Lizzi Smith from the United States. To bolster T demand -- teen demand, we launched new activations with teen high school sports, social media platform, Over Time, including several programs focused on showcasing elite high school athletes across boys' football, girls' basketball, girls' soccer. We highlighted why they chose to transform their smile with Invisalign aligners and showcase their results. In the EMEA region, we partnered with influencers to reach consumers across social media platforms, including TikTok and Meta, and launched our global consumer campaigns for teens and parents. In APAC, we continue to invest in consumer advertising across the region and expanded our reach in Japan and India via meta and YouTube and partner with key social media influencers. Finally, adoption of my Invisalign consumer patient app continued to increase with over 4 million downloads to date and over 384,000 monthly active users and 8% year-over-year increase. Usage of our other digital tools also continued to increase. ClinCheck live update was used by almost 50,000 doctors on more than 692,000 cases, reducing time spent and modifying treatment plans by an average of 16.3%. Invisalign practice app is increasing in its adoption with 85,000 doctors who actively are using the app and 5.9 million photographs were uploaded in Q2 via the Invisalign practice app. Year-over-year growth in Q2 system and services revenue were up 16.1%, reflect higher scanner ASPs and non-system revenues driven by a terra luminal wand upgrades increased service revenues in a larger basis, scanner sold. On a sequential basis, Q2 systems and services revenues were up 9.2%, reflecting higher scanner volumes, higher scanner ASPs and higher non-system revenues driven by a iTero Lumina terra wand luminal wand upgrades. The iTero Lumina is new multi direct capture technology replaces the confocal imaging technology in earlier models and has a 3x wider field of capture and a 50% smaller and 45% lighter wand, delivering faster scanning speed, higher accuracy, superior visualization, and a more comfortable scanning experience. Lumina is currently available with orthodontic workflows as a new standalone scanner or as a wand upgrade from iTera element 5D Plus scanner. During the second quarter, we had a record number of competitive trade-ins demonstrating the continued success of the iTera Luminous Scanner in the marketplace. We're also seeing a halo effect with Invisalign scans. We're pleased to see more doctors coming into the digital ecosystem with an increase in first time Invisalign case submitters as well as return of lapse submitters. Overall, Q2 we're very pleased with the continued uptake of iTero Lumina Scanner with ortho workflow and response from customers. We're looking forward to a limited market release for the restorative software on Lumina in Q4, followed by full commercialization in Q1 '25. Today we introduced the iTero design suite, offering doctors an intuitive way to facilitate designs for 3D printing of models, bite splints, and restore restorations and practice. This software innovation is designed to help doctors increase their practice efficiencies and elevate patient experiences by shortening the time to treatment through an intuitive way to design for in-practice 3D printing. The Align digital platform provides an innovative portfolio of customer-focused technologies that enable seamless end-to-end workflows for dental professionals. iTero Design Suite is now available through an early access program. Doctors using an iTero scanner can submit their interest via their scanner, or my iTero portal. Software is expected to be available later this year in selected markets. With that, I'll turn it over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q2 financial results. Total revenues for the second quarter were $1,028.5 million, up 3.1% from the prior quarter and up 2.6% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. On a constant currency basis, Q2 '24 revenues were impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately $11.6 million or approximately 1.1% sequentially and were unfavorably impacted by approximately $18.1 million year-over-year or approximately 1.7%. For clear aligners, Q2 revenues of $831.7 million were up 1.8% sequentially, primarily from higher volumes, partially offset by lower ASPs. On a year-over-year basis, Q2 Clear Aligner revenues were flat, primarily due to higher discounts. A product mix shift to lower ASP products and the unfavorable impact from foreign exchange offset by lower net revenue deferrals, higher volumes and price increases. Q2 '24, Clear Aligner revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $9.5 million or approximately 1.1% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Clear Aligner revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $14.7 million or approximately 1.7%. For Q2 Invisalign ASPs for comprehensive treatment were down sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, the decline in a SP primarily reflects higher discounts, a product mix shift to lower a SP products and the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis, the decline in comprehensive ASPs primarily reflects higher discounts, a product mix shift to lower ASP products and the unfavorable impact from foreign exchange, mostly offset by lower net revenue deferrals and price increases. For Q2, Invisalign ASPs for non comprehensive treatment were down sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, the decline in ASPs reflects the unfavorable impact from foreign exchange, higher net revenue deferrals, and a product mix shift to lower ASP products partially offset by price increases. On a year-over-year basis, the decrease in non-comprehensive ASPs reflects higher discounts, a product mix shift to lower ASP products, the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange and the unfavorable impact of a price adjustment in the UK to make the recently mandatory application of VAT to our liners cost neutral to customers. Our Invisalign comprehensive three and three product and anticipate adoption will continue to increase is available in North America, EMEA and its certain markets across APAC. We are pleased with the continued adoption of the Invisalign comprehensive [3-in-3] product and anticipate an adoption will continue to increase. Comprehensive [3-and 3] provides doctors the flexibility they want while allowing us to recognize more revenue upfront with deferred revenue being recognized over a shorter period compared to our traditional Invisalign comprehensive product and benefiting us with a more favorable gross margin. Clear Aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet decreased $7.8 million or 0.6% sequentially and decreased $5.2 million or 0.4% year-over-year. Ambo will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped. Q2 '24 systems and services revenues up $196.8 million were up 9.2% sequentially, primarily due to higher volumes, higher ASPs and non-system revenues mostly related to upgrades Q2 24 systems and services revenues were up 16.1% year-over-year, primarily due to higher ASPs, increased non-system revenues, mostly related to upgrades and our leasing rental programs and higher service revenues. We are pleased to be able to leverage our operational and financial capabilities to provide different types of go-to-market models for our customers such as leasing and rental options. In the end, we are focused on selling the way our customers want to buy. Q2 24 systems and services revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $2.1 million or approximately 1% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, systems and services revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $3.4 million or approximately 1.7%. Systems and services deferred revenues on the balance sheet was down $20.4 million or 8.3% sequentially and down $43.4 million or 16.2% year-over-year, primarily due to the recognition of services revenues, which are recognized ratably over the service period. The decline in deferred revenues both sequentially and year-over-year primarily reflects the shorter duration of service contracts applicable to initial scanner purchases. As our scanner portfolio expands and we introduce new products, we are increasing the opportunities for customers to upgrade and make trade-ins. In addition to our scanning, leasing and rental programs. Developing new capital equipment opportunities to meet the digital transformation needs of our customers and our DSO partners is a natural progression for our equipment business with a large and growing base of scanners sold. The structural programs we have implemented across both of our operating segment benefit our customers by providing them with more options to choose what they need. In some cases at a reduced price that may impact our ASPs, but the cost of service for us is, is lower and the benefit is then reflected in our gross margins. Moving to gross margin. Second quarter overall gross margin was 70.3%, up 0.3 points sequentially and down 0.9 points year-over-year. Overall gross margin was unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange by approximately 0.3 point sequentially and unfavorably impacted by approximately 0.5 points on a year-over-year basis. Clear aligner gross margin for the second quarter was 70.8%, down 0.1 point sequentially due primarily to lower ASPs, partially offset by lower additional aligners and leverage manufacturing spend. Clear aligner gross margin for the second quarter was down 1.7 points year-over-year due primarily to lower ASPs and higher manufactured spend as we continue to ramp up Poland manufacturing facility and the impact of unfavorable foreign an exchange. Systems and Services gross margin for the second quarter was a record 68.2% up 2.3 points sequentially, primarily due to higher ASPs and manufacturing efficiencies. Systems and services gross margin for the second quarter was up three points year-over-year for the reasons stated above. Q2 operating expenses were $575.6 million, up 5.9% sequentially and 6.3% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were up by $31.9 million due primarily to about $31 million in legal settlements year-over-year. Operating expenses increased by $33.9 million, primarily due to legal settlements and higher employee compensation, partially offset by lower outside services, advertising and marketing expenses. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation. Amortization of acquired intangibles related to certain acquisitions, restructuring, legal settlements and other charges, operating expenses were $499.5 million, down 1.3% sequentially and down 1.1% year-over-year. Our second quarter operating income of $147 million resulted in an operating margin of 14.3% down 1.2 point sequentially and down 2.9% year-over-year. Operating margin was unfavorably impacted from foreign exchange of approximately 0.6 points sequentially and unfavorable impacted by 1.2 points year-over-year. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, Amortization of intangibles related to certain acquisitions, restructuring legal settlements and other charges. Operating margin for the second quarter was 22.3%, up 2.5 points sequentially and up 1 point year-over-year. Interest and other income expense net for the second quarter was an expense of $3.2 million, primarily due to unfavorable foreign exchange compared to an income of $4.3 million in Q1 of '24, and an expense of $0.3 million in Q2 of '23. Recall that Q1 '24 included a non-recurring gain on our equity investments. The GAAP effective tax rate in the second quarter was 32.9% compared to 33.7% in the first quarter, and 34.8% in the second quarter of the prior year. The second quarter GAAP effective tax rate was lower than the first quarter effective tax rate, primarily due to discrete tax events is recognized in Q1 of '24 that did not reoccur in Q2 of '24, and that benefit was partially offset by an increase in non-deductible expenses. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate in the second quarter was 20%, which reflects our long-term projected tax rate. Second quarter net income per diluted share was $1.28, down sequentially $0.11 and down $0.18 compared to the prior year. Our EPS was unfavorably impacted by $0.11 on a sequential basis, and $0.17 on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.41 for the second quarter, up $0.27 sequentially and up $0.19 year-over-year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of June 30, 2024, cash, cash equivalents and short and long-term marketable securities were $782.1 million, down sequentially, $120.4 million, and down $251.7 million year-over-year. Of our $782.1 million balance, $140 million was held in the U.S and $642.1 million was held by our international entities. During Q2 '24, we repurchase approximately 0.6 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $250.73 through $150 million of open market repurchases. As of June 30, 2024, $500 million remains available for repurchases of our common stock under the January 2023 big purchase program. During the quarter, we completed a $75 million equity investment in Heartland Dental, a multidisciplinary DSO with GP and Ortho practices across the United States. Q2 accounts receivable balance was $1,020.1 million, up sequentially. Our overall day sales outstanding was 89 days, up approximately 3 days sequentially and up approximately eight days as compared to Q2 last year. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $159.8 million. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were $53.5 million, primarily related to our continued investments to increase aligner manufacturing capacity and facilities. Free cash flow defined as cash flow from operations, less capital expenditures amounted to $106.4 million. Now turning to our outlook, assuming those circumstances occur beyond our control, we provide the following business outlook for Q3 and fiscal 2024. For Q3 2024, we expect our Q3 worldwide revenues to be in a range of $980 million to $1 billion. We expect Clear Aligner volume to be down sequentially as a result of Q3 seasonality and clear aligner ASPs to be down sequentially, primarily due to foreign exchange and product mix. We also expect systems and services revenues to be down sequentially because of Q3 seasonality. We expect our Q3, 2024 GAAP operating margin to be below Q3, 2023, GAAP operating margin and Q3' 2024 non-GAAP operating margin to be flat to Q3 2023 -- non-GAAP operating margin For fiscal 2024, we expect fiscal 2024 total revenue growth to be up 4% to 6% year-over-year. Doing part to lower Clear Aligner ASPs year-over-year from continued unfavorable foreign exchange and product mix. In addition, our revised revenue outlook reflects our anticipated commercial launch of iTero Lumina with restorative capabilities to occur in Q1 of 2025 instead of 2024 as previously of 2025 instead of 2024 as previously anticipated? We expect fiscal 2024 GAAP operating margin to be slightly below 2023 GAAP operating margin and 2024 non-GAAP operating margin to be above 2023. non-GAAP operating margin, we expect investments in capital expenditures for fiscal '24 2024 to be approximately $100 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building construction and improvements as well as manufacturing capacity in support of continued expansion. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments, Joe. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Thanks, John. In summary, I'm pleased with our overall performance for Q2 and the growth we delivered across the business for clear aligner volumes as well as strong revenues from scanners and services. Notwithstanding the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange on our revenues, we believe the end markets are stable overall and we're committed to supporting our doctor customers in the future of digital innovation. Our purpose is to transform smiles and change lives with the goal of being the standard of care and orthodontics with Invisalign Clear Align of treatment. Clinically, we believe that we can treat the vast majority of orthodontic cases today. From the simplest to the most complex clinical efficacy is no longer a question. We now focus on the treatment experience for patients and on efficiency and growth for our doctor customers. The orthodontic case start market is vastly underpenetrated and there are millions of consumers who would benefit from digital orthodontics. We continue to evolve to better meet the needs of doctors, potential patients who increasingly seek convenient, elevated digital experiences. Our digital platform of integrated technologies, software and services has helped improve orthodontic treatment from millions by delivering seamless workflows and dental practices on mobile devices and through remote monitoring, and are designed to help doctors and patients realize the benefits of a truly seamless end-to-end digital workflows and patient experiences. But the journey from analog to digital has proven difficult for practices. The orthodontic practice of the future requires full digital transformation to truly realize the promise of digital. And there is no other med tech company in the world that can help practices meet this challenge. With that, I thank you for your time today. We look forward to sharing our continued progress as we move the industry forward through digital orthodontics. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Cherny from Leerink Partners. Your question please.
Michael Cherny: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking all the question. Maybe if I can just dive in a little bit on the guidance change and some of the moving pieces. In particular, I want to get a sense from you of what you view as within your control versus outside. Obviously, FX is something that management can't control, but you think about the guidance in particular on the ASP side, how do you think about the flow through of what isn't within your control on mix? Is there something you do on promotion? Is there anything else that can come from a pricing competition that you should be worried about? Just want to dive a little bit more into that number given that it seems to be the biggest fulcrum point relative to the guidance change.
John Morici: Yes, it's a good question, Michael. This is John. Look, when we looked at the total year when and based on what we're seeing now, we see the unfavorable foreign exchange impact. We saw it in Q2 and we continue to see and project that that will continue for the rest of this year. So that's in our outlook. Just over a point of our reduction in our total year is related to foreign exchange. The mix effect that you talked about, that's really the way our customers want to buy. In some cases, they're buying lower price products, it's part of our portfolio. We see that as incremental in cases like doctor subscription program. They're just at a lower ASP. But what we end up seeing then is a better gross margin. Our cost to serve in many cases is lower than that, but it really is a reflection of what doctors want to do with the cases that they buy.
Michael Cherny: Okay. Thank you.
John Morici: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi guys. Thanks so much for the question. I was wondering if you had just regarding the guidance, if you had any insights that you could share on whether any of the iTero restorative scan revenue was originally contemplated in the 2024 guidance and now with the push out on the launch, if that was sort of an impact on the guidance as well? And then as a follow-up, if you could talk a little bit more about the acceleration in the teen revenue, or sorry, in the teen cases, which accelerated off a tougher comp, that would be helpful to also get some more additional perspective there. Thanks.
John Morici: Yes. Hi, Elizabeth. Yes, you're right. The Lumina restorative that we expected to launch in the fourth quarter, now the full launch in -- into next year. That revenue was expected for this year. So that's part of the reasoning for taking down our overall guidance, in addition to the FX as I said on the previous question. And then your question on teen, look, we're pleased with our teen growth. We saw good over 8% growth on a quarter-over-quarter basis, 8% growth on a year-over-year basis. We saw good adoption in many places around the world. And it's a further reflection of the various products that we have, the adoption that doctors have. A lot of new doctors coming into the ecosystem to get trained and then actually become customers of ours. So we're pleased with the progress that we're seeing within teen.
Elizabeth Anderson: Great. And any chance you want to quantify that iTero restorative contribution change or no?
John Morici: Yes, We're not getting it directly, but its less than a 1%, slightly less than a percentage of the total.
Elizabeth Anderson: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifel. Your question please.
Jonathan Block: Hey, Joe, good afternoon. Yes, where to start? Everyone was nervous about cases and then you come in and you beat cases handling, and obviously the focus is going to be on the ASP. So John, maybe let me know if I have these numbers right. But it looks like the aligner ASP was down roughly 4% Q-over-Q. The FX hit was about a 1%. So can you talk in detail as much as possible, the other 3% decline in the ASP Q-over-Q, if I've got that right, it seems like a big deviation from where your head was at 3 months ago. How much of it was mix versus discounts? And if it was a lot of mix, why did mix become so pronounced over the past 3 months? And maybe we can start there please.
John Morici: Yes, Jon, when you look at mix that we have, we see doctors utilizing DSP more and more as a record amount of DSP that we had in a quarter that's at a lower ASP. We saw a lot of GP growth. We talked about adult cases being up, and the best volumes that we've seen in several quarters, and many times that's lower stage products, that we end up seeing come through. And so when we see the ASP, it's just a reflection of the different products that are being sold and those doctors are taking those up, at that. But you also know, and we've talked about where margins in many cases are better at those lower stage products, and we end up seeing this as a benefit to be able to see show up in gross margins and also off margins.
Jonathan Block: Okay. So I, I guess to maybe just as a follow-up to that, are you saying that discounts weren't more aggressive, call it in 2Q '24 than maybe what we've seen historical? And just tack on to that follow-up, you brought down the midpoint of the rev guide from about 7% to 5%. You said FX was a 1%, you said the GP restorative push on Lumina was slightly less than 1%. I mean, are you sort of implying that clear aligner revenue by and large for 2024 is somewhat unchanged or maybe down a smidge and, and then I'll ask my quicker follow-up. Thanks.
John Morici: Yes, Clear Aligner revenue down a little bit for the total year because of the ASPs that we spoke about not necessarily due to any volume changes. Like you said, we are pleased with the Q2 volume that we have. But thats how weve look at the change. Mostly the FX for the total year as we've described, and then some mix, but then the rest of it due to iTero changes from this year to next year.
Jonathan Block: Okay. And last question for me. I guess online, just John, if I've got this right, it looks like the revenue comes down a little bit, the midpoint, but I believe the non-GAAP EBIT margins came up slightly, I think before it was like flat to slightly up, and now you're saying slightly up. So maybe just talk through the dynamics where you're able to arguably increase the non-GAAP EBITDA margin assumption for '24 even off the more modest revenue base. And thanks for the time, guys.
John Morici: Yes, no, it's a good question. And so as we looked at and as we talk about some of the -- I know ASP gets a focus, but really when you look at the margin that we get on all of these products is as they go to some of the lower stage products, we end up with a better margin. Our cost to serve is lower, which shows up in gross margin and flows its way to op margin. And I think the rest of it as you saw with this quarter from an OpEx standpoint and how we think about the levers that we could pull or not pull, we're very mindful of that in this environment and want to be able to deliver as much volume and as much top line as we can, but be very mindful of the operating profit that we need to deliver.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your question please.
Joe Hogan: Hey Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: Hey Joe. Good afternoon, guys. Wanted to start maybe on your doctor ship to number in the quarter. You shipped to a little over 86,000 docs this quarter. I think for 3 straight years you've kind of been in that 82,000 to 85,000 range. So maybe not a big breakout, but at least some of these underlying numbers on utilization is doctors ship to and that are starting to perk up a little bit. So I guess what I'm trying to understand on that doctor ship to number, are you starting to see some benefits of some of the investments Jon has been talking about the last couple quarters on getting that doctor prescribing base to expand? Is it expanding that base? Is it slowing the outflow of that base? As we know you've had some competitive losses here over the last couple years. Just maybe help us understand the inflow and the outflow rates and what's moving between those two pieces. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Hey Jeff, Joe. First of all, we're pleased with that. It's good to see a utilization go up. It's also great to see the doctors go up too. And obviously there's a strong concerted effort. We talk about that underserved marketplace out there and we know there's still a lot of doctors to train and there's still doctors do a lot more cases. So it's a big focus for the business. When you ask that question, are we loser in fewer or gaining few? There's always a mix and a change in those kinds of things, Jeff. But overall you can see here that we're gaining, it's not saying that we don't lose some docs sometimes, but you know, we often bring them back too. The whole story with what we've been through as competitors have entered the marketplaces, sometimes we'll lose some doctors, they often come back and one of the things about our business too, sometimes it takes 18 months for doctors to figure out if those competitive cases are actually going to work. And obviously I think were -- we're making good progress in the sense of convincing doctors to move ahead with us. And this growth in doctors and utilization occurred across the globe, which is great. It wasn't like it just came out of one region.
Jeff Johnson: Yes, understood. All right. And then maybe just a follow-up on the manufacturing side. We saw the news maybe a couple months ago of Emory's new role leading Direct Fab. He's going to stay in that role it sounds like through 2026 when he is going to write off into the sunset. So does that tell us anything about timelines on Direct Fab? I mean, Emory just doesn't seem like the kind of guy that would want to walk away in the middle of something. So is that kind of drawing a line in the sand that by 2026 you should be up and running fairly well, fairly maybe not efficiently, but fairly completely in getting that Direct Fab plans all put together and rolling out some of that 3D printed stuff in a bigger way?
John Morici: Hey Jeff, it's a good question. We have a lot of faith in Emory. He's been here for so long and he's the only guy that's ever scaled, aligners to the point, that he has. And so it's really fun to have him in this role because he gives us great feedback in a sense of where we are. Jeff, the best I can say what we've talked about with the analyst is we're looking at 2 to 3 years on this scale. And don't think of it as a linear line. This is one where you have to do a lot of equipment work at first to get the efficiencies, to have this equipment work 24/7. And then secondly, this is a brand new resin [ph], it's never been sourced before. And so finding the source of the resin, making sure you have the reactor capacity, all those things take time. So I look at over the next year, we do a lot of that groundwork and then you'll start to see products and different things that will roll from that. So, but it's best to fix in your mind that it's a 2 to 3 year kind of a rollup.
Jeff Johnson: Understood. Thank you.
John Morici: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Brandon Vazquez from William Blair. Your question please.
Brandon Vazquez: Hi everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I'll ask two upfront because it's kind of guidance related. One a little near-term, which is basically, I think if you do the sequentials and the implied numbers on the guidance that you've given us, there's maybe like a high single digits revenue increase going into Q4. I think, correct me if I'm wrong, but that's kind of like pre-COVID levels of seasonality, back when the business was a little more normal. So the question near-term being, given the uncertainty in the market, what kind of gives you the confidence that you guys can kind of return normal seasonality within this year? And then the follow-up to that on kind of a long-term guidance question is like, okay, we look with [indiscernible] three years out, what's kind of the growth expectations of this business sort of growth algorithm? Any color you can give us around that, assuming that, we're, it seems like we're stuck in somewhat of a an uncertain end market stable, but not exactly where you want it. So talk about the opportunity to accelerate if even possible, in an end market like this over the couple plus three plus years. Thank you.
John Morici: Yes, Brandon, this is John. I could take the question kind of on the remaining part of this year and so on. So we've guided to what we can see, based on how the quarter played out. We actually saw in the second quarter. I mean, I'm not saying it's a return to normal seasonality, but it was much more seasonal in the second quarter in terms of how our volume progressed and how it changed quarter-over-quarter to more normal seasonality. And so our reflection of what we tried to do for the rest of this year based on what we see. In terms of volume, takeout FX and some of that noise that gets caught into Q2. But from a underlying volume standpoint, we saw, um, more normal seasonality. And as we play out the rest of this year, we expect that to continue with teen season that comes in, that we're in now. China in the third quarter is a strong quarter for them because of team season, Europe, not so much. We expect that to, uh, play out more normally as it moves from Q3 to Q4. When we think of the total and looking out into 3 years, and so look, we're in an underpenetrated market and we've talked about a lot about that. We think we have the products and the go-to-market capabilities to really move this market forward. And it's up to us to be able to help drive this market forward. And when we look out and we look out in our long-term model, we believe in, in the opportunity revenue growth is 25% plus percent and up margin 25% plus. And that's how we are positioning things for growth, for whether it's Direct Fab, and the growth opportunities that we have there and the efficiencies that we can drive as well as the standard production that we have now. That's how we're building from an investment standpoint. We're mindful of changes that can happen short-term and economy and so on. And that's why we give you kind of the guidance that we have, at least now in short term, but in longer term we believe in, in our model. And, and that's how we're investing in the future.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. Your question please?
Q - Jason Bednar: Good afternoon everyone.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Jason,
Jason Bednar: Hey, there, I wanted to touch on one near-term item with third quarter guidance, some of the spend discussed already, but clearly over the -- lower than where you'd probably model things out internally 3 to 6 months ago. And I guess I'm just reminded of maybe where we were a year ago in the third quarter, you had higher expectations than where ended up finishing. So I guess I'm curious maybe how much of that experience from last year informed your view on volumes and product mix versus, say, the trends and macro data points that you've seen develop the last few months? And then maybe include here if you could just how you're seeing that team season develop since we are in the thick of that right now.
John Morici: Yes, Jason, I can take that on, on the Q3. Some of those specifics, certainly we look at last year, we look at the 2022, you know, you got into those COVID years, they're tough to call and then you have to jump before COVID. So now you're talking almost 5 years ago. So, you look at what you see at the time knowing that most recently you have, we know we have Europe, has a summer kind of shutdown, comes back into September. We want to be able to see in September that they do come back. USS is in team season, China to get into the teen season as well. And we want to see how that plays out. So we call based on based on what we expect, both from a volume standpoint and we are really trying to give the foreign exchange that we see, that started the quarter, in July, where that FX is and not make an assumption as to whether things are going to get better or worse. We want to put that out there and really try to give you more of the underlying performance for the business. Joe, you want to talk about purchase?
Joe Hogan: Yes, on the teen side, Jason as I said in my script, and we were pleased with the team growth. It was over 8%, which is great to see. A lot of that was supported by Asia and also Europe when you really got to get into team numbers. Again, IPE is part of that. It's -- we look at that as obviously pre-teen and we watching the ramp up of that, that is obviously pre-teen and we were watching the ramp up of that and the acceptance in the marketplace. So hope I'm answering your question, but overall, we feel good about the team now. There's a big team season in China in the third quarter, we're watching it closely. We expect be able to perform in that side too. So I'm optimistic as it stands.
Jason Bednar: Okay, great. Then just for my follow-up, I'm going to pack a few in here. Maybe bigger picture, if we step back and look at some of the recent developments. I know there's a lot of initiatives, different initiatives, marketing programs, menu expansion, customer incentives, so on and so forth. Those all help contribute to expanding that utilization line, improving doctor productivity. You've got the Costco relationship that's been discussed. We uncovered what looks to be one of the larger changes to your advantage program in at least a few years. So I'm curious how you'd have us think about these in the broader context of your commercial efforts. Would you consider things like the Costco and Advantage changes, either are both more impactful than what you typically do? Have you seen any change maybe in doc behavior, just in response to these advantage changes? And then what's the right way to think about each of these influencing that ASP line that's now coming to focus more significantly with today's results? Thank you.
John Morici: Yes, that's a good, great question, Jason. I look at -- just to answer it a couple different ways, because I think one is like on the advantage you brought up, that's really a reflection of trying to put some structure, a little added structure to our Advantage program where many of our promotions we're trying to get to. And in the end for an Advantage program is trying to get new doctors in, give them a progression of, how they can get discounts as they do more and more cases drive utilization. So that's, that's good for new doctors, that's good for existing doctors. So the Advantage changes really we're trying to put more structure into that, into the second half and then carrying forward because they really had better refreshed, like, what we've got now. But it's all about driving utilization, getting doctors to do more and more cases. Programs like we're testing or piloting with a Costco is really just trying to drive more conversion. Find ways where those consumers or those potential patients are out there, they're shopping around, they're looking at, you see the economy, you see inflation, you see other things. We know those potential patients are out there. We just have to find ways to be able to connect them with a great product that we have with our customers, with our doctors. And Costco is an example of that, that we'll test and we'll see. But it's really that specifically is designed around conversion drive as much conversion as we can.
Jason Bednar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Ryskin from Bank of America. Your question please.
Michael Ryskin: Hey, thanks for taking the question, guys. Joe or John, I want to follow-up on a point that you touched on a couple times already in terms of the ASPs. You talked about part of it is the mix shift and a lot of it is how your customers want to buy, whether that's different products within portfolio, whether or DSP, things like that. But what I want to get at is, are you concerned by that trend itself at all? Is that, that customers want the lower products? I guess that gives you the option to still meet them in the air and that still drives the volume, but is that something that you expected. This shift down? As you say, the market's still very unpenetrated. It's a big untapped market, so you'd think that you wouldn't be seeing the demand elasticity type of price that you are. So is this temporary because of the current macro environment and consumer sensitivity, or does it say something deeper that the rest of the market that's out there really doesn't exist at that, 1,300 plus ASP maybe it's lower and lower and lower.
Joe Hogan: Hey Michael, it's Joe. Look, I think the ASP piece to try to explain as much as we can is, we're always staring at the margin side to make sure that our margins are good. We find out that all over the world, I mean, if you're in India, they ask for a different product and they ask in the United States at different areas, and some people want a 5x5, someone want 3x3, all these things are different products for different kinds of applications. And GPs [indiscernible] at times too. So what we're seeing and there's varying ASPs on it, but we always have -- you see, our margins have actually moved up on that. So you're seeing not necessarily the market just driving price down, you're just seeing us having a variation of options that customers or doctors want around the world and making sure that we supply those well. One -- we talk about 25,000 cases came through DSP. Remember, those are cases that, that doctors used to mold these things in their offices in order to address those, right. And now they're buying three or four of ours now, yes, we're getting great margin on that product line, but overall it's a lower ASP in that sense as part of the DSP program. So what you're seeing is just us responding to a market. It's a good market out there with varying degrees of price and value, and you'll see us continue to do that in order to grow the marketplace.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. And then much quicker follow-up hopefully, sorry if I missed it, but did you call up why the Lumina restorative was pushed out to 1Q '25? Was this commercial decision or something on the development side?
Joe Hogan: Yes, Michael, well, there's like five areas of restorative that you have to be very good at as you go through this. And truth of reviews, we made extremely good progress on most of them. But we just -- we wanted to take a little extra time to make sure we get this right and we want to make sure that we run it through our doctors who are actually going to use it, the luminaries out there that help to promote the product and make sure that they're comfortable with it too. So we just feel it's diligent and responsible to make sure that we take a few more months here, launch it in the first quarter so that we have the world's best product.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. Thanks. Makes sense.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Erin Wright: Thanks for taking my question. So did you see any recent changes, for instance, in the adult case volume dynamics throughout the quarter? And just what are you seeing so far in the third quarter in terms of adult cases? I guess, has anything changed in terms of your view on the macro environment and for the remainder of the year? And I hate to belabor this, but also for the Americas too, but on the macro question, are you generally expecting stability in your guidance or are you anticipating a range of outcomes from a consumer and macro environment standpoint for the remainder of the year?
Joe Hogan: Aaron, we -- I mean, we had that in our script and we talk about it as we're expecting stability. I mean, obviously not stability and exchange rates, right? We can't, we're not that smart. We'd be working somewhere else if we knew exchange that well. But as far as the market overall and how we want to go about it, we still feel we're dealing in a stable environment. The last thing I'll say about this, this is a very global business. You saw that the Japanese yen, Brazilian real, the business is growing substantially that way, and there's a certain amount of stability that we have that plays across geographies too.
John Morici: And that adult piece we saw growth. We saw highest quarter in many quarters. So we're pleased with it. I think it's a reflection of our GP business, growing GPs, growing with DSOs and so on being able to, to get some of that volume through. Like Joe said, it's more of a stability that we're seeing, but we're pleased with that adult growth. And some of that contributes to some of that lower ASP product. It's great if that's how doctors want to buy to be able to treat those adults, we're happy to sell it to them. And as Joe said, it -- it's a better margin for us.
Erin Wright: And you mentioned China too and the key market there, but just generally speaking, can you give us an update on kind of China, the underlying demand trends and market dynamics there?
Joe Hogan: It's Joe again, Erin. China performed the way we wanted China to perform, just as we predicted. Overall, I mean, the market is challenging. I think that Tier 3 and 4 cities are actually challenged more than the private and one and twos. But overall there's no surprise we have a good team there. Juno [ph] is a great leader for us there and we like the results and we're looking forward to a good team quarter there, which is third quarter is always the biggest quarter for China.
Erin Wright: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Hogan: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Shirley Stacy for any closing comments.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking to you at upcoming financial conferences and industry events. If you have any questions, please follow-up with our investor relations team. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation at today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Align First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. 
 I will now turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, with Align Technology. You may begin. 
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. 
 I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. 
 We issued first quarter 2024 financial results today via Business Wire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 1 month. 
 As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 
 We have posted historical financial statements with corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our first quarter 2024 conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe? 
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us on our call today. 
 I'll provide an overview of our first quarter results and discuss a few highlights from our 2 operating segments, System Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our Q1 financial performance and comment on our views for the second quarter and 2024 in total. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. 
 I'm pleased to report better-than-expected revenue and earnings for the first quarter and a solid start to the year. For Q1, total worldwide revenues were up 5.8% year-over-year, reflecting 3.5% growth from our Clear Aligner segment and 17.5% growth from Systems and Services. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 revenue growth was up across all regions and was driven by strong Clear Aligner volumes, primarily in the Asia Pacific region. Year-over-year growth also reflects strength in the orthodontic channel with total Invisalign case starts from teens and younger patients up 5.8% year-over-year, driven by continued momentum across all regions from Invisalign First, as well as Invisalign DSP touch-up cases. 
 On a sequential basis, Q1 total revenues were up 4.3%, reflecting a sequential increase in Clear Aligner revenues. Especially for North American orthodontists, as well as strong Systems and Services revenues, primarily driven by iTero Lumina wand upgrades in North America. During the quarter, we achieved several significant milestones. We completed the acquisition of Cubicure, a leader in direct 3D printing solutions, which is the foundation for our next generational aligner manufacturing. We successfully launched the iTero Lumina intraoral scanner, our next generation of digital scanning technology. We launched the Invisalign Palatal Expander or IPE system in the U.S. and Canada and received regulatory approval for the Invisalign Palatal Expander in Australia and New Zealand. 
 Q1 Systems and Services revenue year-over-year growth reflects nonsystems revenues driven by iTero Lumina wand upgrades and higher scanner volumes and increased services revenue from a larger base of scanners sold. On a sequential basis, Q1 Systems and Services revenue were up 3.1%, reflecting growth from nonsystems revenues and higher scanner ASPs, partially offset by lower volumes due to seasonality, a strong fourth quarter. The iTero Lumina intraoral scanner is available now with orthodontic workflows as a new standalone scanner or as a wand upgrade to iTero Element 5D Plus. The restorative workflow is expected to be available in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 In the meantime, GP practices can benefit from the iTero Lumina's new multi-direct capture technology that replaces the confocal imaging technology in earlier models. The iTero Lumina intraoral scanner has a 3x wider field of capture and a 50% smaller and 45% lighter wand, delivering faster scanning speed, higher accuracy, super visualization and more comfortable scanning experience. 
 Overall, we're really pleased with the launch of iTero Lumina scanner. Customer feedback has been positive, and we're really excited about the feedback from doctors. So we've included some great verbatims in our webcast slides. 
 Q1 total Clear Aligner revenues were up year-over-year reflecting revenue growth across the regions from strong year-over-year volume growth across APAC markets, as well as the EMEA region. For the Americas region, Q1 Clear Aligner volume was consistent with prior year. For Q1, total Clear Aligner shipments were up 2.1% sequentially, reflecting seasonality with increased volumes in the Americas regions, offset somewhat by EMEA and APAC regions. 
 For Q1, Clear Aligner shipments include over 23,000 Invisalign Doctor subscription cases or DSP touch-up cases, primarily from North America ortho channel, an increase of approximately 49% year-over-year from Q1 '23. 
 The DSP touch-up cases are a component of the overall DSP program, which consists of retainers and touch up cases or aligners, and it continues to be an important offering for our customers and their patients. DSP is currently available in the United States, Canada, Iberia, Nordics, the U.K. and most recently, in Italy, France and Poland. We expect to continue expanding DSP into other country markets and EMEA in Q2 including a 14-stage touch-up aligner offering. 
 For non-case revenues, Q1 was up 7.5% year-over-year, primarily due to continued growth from Vivera Retainers along with Invisalign DSP retainer revenues. In a teen market, nearly 200,000 teens and younger patients started treatment with Invisalign Clear Aligners in Q1, up 5.8% year-over-year. This represents a record number of teen cases shipped as compared to prior quarters, reflecting strength in APAC and EMEA. Teen starts were up sequentially 1.2%, reflecting strength in EMEA and North America, offset by seasonally fewer teen starts in China. While the teen market tends to be less susceptible to consumer demand around discretionary spending and more resilient than adult orthodontic case starts, we're pleased that in Q1, our Clear Aligner volumes for both adults and teens were up sequentially and year-over-year. 
 We believe the Invisalign Palatal Expander system is one of the most exciting innovations we've developed in our 27-year history and is a better option for expanding a growing patient's narrow pallet. Initial response from doctors and patients for Invisalign Palatal Expander system is positive. The Invisalign Palatal Expander system is not a traditional Invisalign aligner. It's a series of direct 3D-printed orthodontic appliances based on proprietary and patented technology that has 4 systems designed for skeletal expansion. Clinical data shows that Invisalign Palatal Expander system is safe, effective and proven to deliver skeletal expansion. 
 Specifically, our clinical data is based on 49 patients across the United States and Canada between the ages of 6.9 and 11 with a mean age of 8.8 years. In this group, the mean expansion of 6 millimeters was achieved with minimal tipping with ranges between 3.4 and 10.7 millimeters as measured using the change in intermodal width between the initial and post-expansion scans with a mean expansion efficacy of 97%. 
 In addition, we found that survey doctors agree the Invisalign Palatal Expander is less painful than traditional expanders and facilitates better oral hygiene compared to traditional metal expanders. Phase I or early intercepted treatment includes both skeletal, orthopedic and dental orthodontic arch expansion and makes up to 20% of the orthodontic case starts each year. Combined with Invisalign First aligner treatment, Invisalign Palatal Expanders provide doctors with a full early interceptive treatment solution that allows doctors to treat all Phase I patients. We expect Invisalign Palatal Expander to be available in other markets pending future applicable regulatory approvals. 
 Today, Invisalign is the most recognized orthodontic brand globally, and Invisalign Clear Aligner treatment is faster and more effective than traditional metal braces. Yet the underlying market opportunity remains huge and untapped. We continue to invest in consumer marketing and demand creation initiatives to raise awareness and drive potential patients to Invisalign practices globally. Below are several highlights from Q1 and more information is available in our Q1, '24 earnings webcast slides. 
 In Q1 '24, we delivered 14.5 billion impressions and had 43 million visits to our websites globally. To increase awareness and educate young adults, parents and teens about the benefits of the Invisalign brand, we continue to invest and create campaigns in top media platforms such as TikTok, Instagram, YouTube, Snapchat and WeChat across markets, reaching young adults as well as teens and their parents also requires the right engagement to Invisalign influencers and creator-centric campaigns. 
 Our teen Invis is Drama Free campaign was recently recognized by the Association of National Advertisers with a silver award in the REGGIE Awards for creative and strategic excellence. In the U.S., in addition to our ongoing influencer campaigns, we partner with athletes such as Maxx Crosby, TikTok Gen Z influencer, Overtime Meg and the famous fashion designer, Kristin Juszczyk to create a compelling brand activation at the Super Bowl. Our campaigns delivered more than 6.1 billion impressions and 18.1 million unique visitors to our consumer websites across the Americas. In the EMEA region, we partner with influencers to reach consumers across social media platforms, including TikTok and Meta, and launched our global consumer campaigns for teens and parents. Our campaigns delivered more than 1.6 billion media impressions and 8.9 million visitors to our website. 
 We continue to invest in consumer advertising across the APAC region, resulting in more than 6.6 billion impressions and 16 million visitors to our websites, a 195% increase year-over-year. We expanded our reach in Japan and India via Meta and YouTube and partnered with key influencers to reach consumers across social media. We saw increased brand interest from consumers as evidenced by a 285% year-over-year increase in unique visitors to our website in India and a 129% increase in Japan. 
 Finally, digital tools such as My Invisalign consumer and patient app continue to increase with 4 million downloads to date and over 381,000 monthly active users, 15% year-over-year growth rate. Q1 '24 Clear Aligner volume from DSO customers increased sequentially, reflecting growth in the Americas and the EMEA regions and increased year-over-year reflecting growth across international regions. 
 Dental service organizations, or DSOs, represent a large and growing opportunity to help drive adoption of digital technology across the dental industry. We have established relationships with many DSOs globally, that recognize the benefits of digital workflows enabled by our portfolio of products and services that make up the Align digital platform, including increased practice efficiency and profitability, as well as delivering a better patient experience from shorter cycle times and proximity to their customers. 
 Smile Docs and Heartland Dental are some of the largest DSO partners and are continuously exploring collaboration with DSOs that can further adoption of digital dentistry. Each DSO has a different strategy and business model and our focus is on working with the encouraging DSOs aligned with our vision, strategy and business model goals. 
 Today, we announced an additional $75 million equity increase in Heartland, following the previous $75 million equity investment a year ago. Heartland is a multidisciplinary DSO with GP and ortho practices across the United States. Their growth strategy includes Heartland's de novo dental practices, which feature modern technology, located in areas with a strong community need for dentistry where Heartland provides practices with opportunities for mentorship, leadership training and continuing education. In the last 4 years, Heartland opened 240 state-of-the-art de novo practices across the U.S. and are planning to continue investing through more de novo openings. We have a shared sense of purpose with Heartland. Their mission is to help doctors and their teams deliver the highest quality digital dental care to the communities they serve. 
 With that, I'll now turn it over to John. 
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. 
 Now for our Q1 financial results. Total revenues for the first quarter were $997.4 million, up 4.3% from the prior quarter and up 5.8% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. On a constant currency basis, Q1 '24 revenues were impacted by favorable foreign exchange of approximately $10 million or approximately 1% sequentially and were unfavorably impacted by approximately $4.8 million year-over-year or approximately 0.5%.
 For Clear Aligners, Q1 revenues of $817.3 million were up 4.5% sequentially, primarily from higher ASPs and higher volumes. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 Clear Aligner revenues were up 3.5%, primarily due to higher volumes and ASPs and increased non-case revenues. For Q1, Invisalign ASPs for comprehensive treatment were up sequentially and up year-over-year. 
 On a sequential basis, ASPs primarily reflect higher additional aligners and price increases and the variable impact of foreign exchange partially offset by a product mix shift to lower ASP products. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in comprehensive ASPs primarily reflect higher additional aligners and price increases partially offset by a product mix shift to lower ASP products and higher discounts and the unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. 
 For Q1, Invisalign ASPs for non-comprehensive treatment were down sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, the decline in ASPs reflect unfavorable country mix shift and higher discounts, partially offset by the favorable impact from foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis, the decrease in non-comprehensive ASPs reflect the product mix shift to lower ASP products, unfavorable country mix shift and higher discounts, partially offset by lower net revenue deferrals. 
 As a reminder, we announced about a 5% global price increase for some Invisalign products across most markets effective January 1, 2024. This price increase did not include Invisalign Comprehensive Three and Three products. Invisalign Comprehensive Three and Three product is available in North America and in certain markets in EMEA and APAC, most recently launching in French territories and in the Middle East. 
 We are pleased with the continued adoption of the Invisalign Comprehensive Three and Three product and anticipate it will continue increasing, providing doctors the flexibility they want and allowing us to recognize more revenue upfront with deferred revenue being recognized over a shorter period of time compared to our traditional Invisalign Comprehensive product. 
 Q1 '24 Clear Aligner revenues were impacted by a favorable foreign exchange of approximately $8.4 million or approximately 1% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Clear Aligner revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $3.9 million or approximately 0.5%. 
 Clear Aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet decreased $26.7 million or 2% sequentially and increased $15.8 million or 1.2% year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped. Q1 '24 Systems and Services revenue of $180.2 million were up 3.1% sequentially, primarily due to increased nonsystems revenues, mostly related to upgrades and higher ASPs, partially offset by lower volumes. 
 Q1 '24 systems and Services revenue were up 17.5% year-over-year primarily due to increased nonsystems revenues, mostly related to upgrades, higher scanner volumes and higher services revenues from our larger base of scanners sold. CAD/CAM and Services revenue for Q1 represents approximately 51% of our Systems and Services business. 
 Q1 '24 Systems and Services revenues were favorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $1.5 million or approximately 0.9% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $0.9 million or approximately 0.5%. Systems and Services deferred revenues on the balance sheet was down $14.3 million or 5.5% sequentially and down $25.3 million or 9.4% year-over-year primarily due to the recognition of services revenues, which will -- which is recognized ratably over the service period. The decline in deferred revenues both sequentially and year-over-year reflects the shorter duration of service contracts with initial scanner purchases. 
 As our scanner portfolio expands and we introduce new products, we increased the opportunities for customers to upgrade and make trade, in addition to other scanner leasing and rental programs. Developing new capital equipment opportunities to meet the digital transformation needs of our customers and our DSO partners is a natural progression for our equipment business with a large and growing base of scanners sold. We're pleased to be able to leverage our technological innovations and operational capabilities and efficiencies to provide different types of go-to-market models to our customers, such as rentals and leasing, selling the way that our customers want to buy. 
 Moving on to gross margin. First quarter overall gross margin was 70%, approximately flat sequentially and year-over-year. Overall gross margin was favorably impacted by foreign exchange by approximately 0.3 points sequentially and unfavorably impacted by approximately 0.1 points on a year-over-year basis. 
 Clear Aligner gross margin for the first quarter was 70.9%, down 0.3 points sequentially due -- primarily due to higher manufacturing spend, partially offset by higher ASP. Clear Aligner gross margin for the first quarter was down 0.8 points year-over-year, primarily due to higher manufacturing spend, partially offset by favorable ASP. 
 Systems and Services gross margin for the first quarter was 65.9%, up 1.1 points sequentially due to higher ASP partially offset by manufacturing variances. Systems and Services gross margin for the first quarter was up 4.3 points year-over-year, primarily due to higher ASP, lower service and manufacturing costs. 
 Q1 operating expenses were $543.7 million, up 9.2% sequentially and 3.1% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were up by $45.7 million from higher incentive compensation and consumer marketing spend, partially offset by restructuring and other charges not recurring in Q1. Year-over-year, operating expenses increased by $16.5 million, primarily due to our continued investments in sales and R&D activities and higher incentive compensation. 
 On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangibles related to certain acquisitions and restructuring and other charges, operating expenses were $506.1 million, up 13.3% sequentially and up 3.2% year-over-year. Our first quarter operating income of $154.1 million resulted in an operating margin of 15.5% down 2.5 points sequentially and up 1.3 points year-over-year. 
 The sequential decrease in operating margin is primarily attributed to investments in our go-to-market teams and higher incentive compensation. The year-over-year increase in operating margin is primarily attributed to operating leverage and proactively managing our costs, partially offset by unfavorable impact from foreign exchange of approximately 0.7 points. 
 On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles related to certain acquisitions and restructuring and other charges, operating margin for the first quarter was 19.8%, down 4 points sequentially and up 1.3 points year-over-year. Interest and other income expense net for the first quarter was an income of $4.3 million, compared to an income of $1.3 million in Q4 of '23 and an income of $1.1 million in Q1 of '23, primarily driven by a gain on our equity investments and net interest income and offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. 
 The GAAP effective tax rate in the first quarter was 33.7% compared to 28.3% in the fourth quarter and 34.8% in the first quarter of the prior year. The first quarter GAAP effective tax rate was higher than the fourth quarter effective tax rate, primarily due to discrete tax benefits recognized in Q4 of '23, partially offset by increased earnings in low tax jurisdictions in Q1 of '24. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate in the first quarter was 20%, which reflects our long-term projected tax rate. 
 First quarter net income per diluted share was $1.39, down sequentially $0.24 and up $0.26, compared to the prior year. Our EPS was not impacted on a sequential basis from foreign exchange. Our EPS was unfavorably impacted by $0.09 on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.14 for the first quarter, down $0.28 sequentially and up $0.32 year-over-year. 
 Moving on to the balance sheet. As of March 31, 2024, cash, cash equivalents and short term and long-term marketable securities were $902.5 million, down sequentially $78.2 million and down $18.9 million year-over-year. Of our $902.5 million balance, $217.5 million was held in the U.S. and $685 million was held by our international entities. 
 In January 2024, we received approximately 37,000 shares of our common stock upon final settlement of the $250 million accelerated share repurchase from Q4 of '23. In total, we repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares at an average price per share of $230.13 under the Q4 ASR contract. We have $650 million available for repurchase of our common stock under our January 2023 repurchase program. During Q2 '24, we expect to repurchase up to $150 million of our common stock through either a combination of open market repurchase or an accelerated stock repurchase agreement. Q1 accounts receivable balance was $950.7 million, up sequentially. 
 Our overall days sales outstanding was 86 days up approximately 1 day sequentially and up approximately 3 days as compared to Q1 last year. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $28.7 million. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $9.4 million, primarily related to our continued investments to increase aligner manufacturing capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $19.3 million. 
 We're continuing to use our healthy balance sheet to drive growth and profitability. During the quarter, we continued to make disciplined investments in our strategic growth drivers. We completed the acquisition of Cubicure, which will enable us to scale our 3D printing operations to eventually direct print millions of custom appliances per day, and we exited the quarter with a healthy cash flow position and no long-term debt, maintaining a strong position to support our additional $75 million investment in our DSO partner Heartland Dental and our $150 million stock buyback. 
 Now turning to our outlook. Assuming no circumstances occur beyond our control, we provide the following framework for Q2 and fiscal 2024. For Q2 '24, we provide the following business outlook. For Q2 '24, we expect worldwide revenues to be in the range of $1.030 billion to $1.050 billion. We expect Clear Aligner volume to be up sequentially and Clear Aligner ASP to be down slightly sequentially, primarily as a result of unfavorable foreign exchange. We expect Systems and Services revenue to be up sequentially as we continue to ramp iTero Lumina in Q2 2024. We expect Q2 '24 GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP operating margin to be slightly above Q1 '24 GAAP and non-GAAP operating margins, respectively. 
 For fiscal '24, we provide the following business outlook. We expect fiscal '24 total revenue to be up 6% to 8% versus 2023, which is higher than our prior outlook of up mid-single-digit growth compared to 2023. The increase in our 2024 revenue outlook reflects our Q1 results, Q2 outlook and continued execution of our growth strategies. We anticipate that the incremental revenue reflected in our 2024 outlook will be roughly split 50-50 between our 2 operating segments. 
 We expect fiscal 2024 Clear Aligner ASPs to be slightly up year-over-year. We expect fiscal 2024 GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP operating margin to be slightly above the 2023 GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP operating margin, respectively. We expect our capital -- our investments in capital expenditures for fiscal 2024 to be approximately $100 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building construction and improvements as well as manufacturing capacity in support of our continued expansion. 
 With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe? 
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John. 
 In summary, Q1 was a good start for the year. While I'm pleased with our results, I'm even more excited about Align's innovation in 2024 on our next wave of growth drivers that we believe will continue to revolutionize the orthodontic and dental industry in scanning software and direct 3D printing. 
 Our focused execution of our product road map and innovation pipeline has resulted in the largest introduction of new products and technologies in our history, further advancing our software scanning and 3D printing capabilities. We're excited about the potential for these strategic investments to enable a new phase of growth to transform the orthodontic industry again. 
 The iTero Lumina intraoral scanner has the potential to set a new standard of care for dental practices by simplifying the scanning of complex oral regions while offering superior chairside visualization and a more comfortable experience for patients, especially kids. The Invisalign Palatal Expander increases the clinical applicability of the Invisalign system to nearly 100% of orthodontic case starts. It is a revolutionary removable 3D-printed appliance that is clinically proven to be safe and effective. It is less painful than traditional metal expanders and promotes better oral hygiene. 
 And our recent acquisition of Cubicure, a pioneer of 3D printing solutions for polymer additive manufacturing, brings a talented team and unique cutting-edge technology into Align to help us scale our 3D printing operations, providing ultimate design freedom and highly customized outcomes from a customer and patient standpoint as well as operational benefits to the business. 
 We see incredible opportunities in this business and continue to make the Invisalign system the standard of care in orthodontics. By continually innovating and developing digital technologies and services that enable more doctors to easily diagnose and treat patients with crooked teeth and help them retain their healthy beautiful smiles. We're increasing access to care for millions of people, who might not otherwise receive orthodontic treatment. 
 With that, I thank you for your time today. We look forward to sharing our continued progress in leading the digital transformation of the orthodontic and restorative dental industry. 
 I'll now turn the call over to the operator for your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. 
Elizabeth Anderson: I was wondering if you could talk about how you're seeing the overall demand environment? I guess, I'm particularly curious about the U.S. sort of how you're seeing it from like a consumer demand perspective, especially and any comments you could make on the SmileDirect impact on volumes in the quarter? And then secondarily, if you could comment a little bit more on the broader demand environment in China, that would be super helpful. 
Joseph Hogan: Elizabeth, I'll start off and have John jump in on anything. First of all, we describe the business right now as stable. The same things that we talked about as we came out of the fourth quarter, and we see that stability broadly around the globe. And you saw in our script that we just read to, that it's good from an adult standpoint and also a teen standpoint, too, which, again, led to that kind of stability that we talk about. 
 If I look around the world, I mean we've -- that stability exists, whether it's in Asia, whether we've seen it in parts of Europe and we see it in the United States and the Americas also. So I -- it's hard for us to call out a particular region or whatever that is dramatically down or dramatically up. We just see them moving pretty much in unison in the first quarter.  
 John, would you add anything? 
John Morici: No, I agree. And that's -- we're driving the growth strategies. As we've said, we've seen that stability in the environment and we're executing against that. 
Joseph Hogan: And Elizabeth, last thing on your SmileDirectClub comment, them not being advertising like they were before or whatever, we can't attribute any part of the demand equation up or down as part of that. And obviously, that was more pronounced in the United States than it was anywhere else in the world, but I can't attribute any change in the marketplace because of them not advertising at this point in time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Vazquez with William Blair. 
Brandon Vazquez: I wanted to focus for a second on the -- on the teen side, you have the Palatal Expander out there now getting great reviews, and it seems like it closes, if I'm understanding the numbers correctly, maybe 20% of that market that you haven't been able to hit before. This is such a big opportunity. I'm curious if you can just reflect on like how does commercialization within teens look in the next couple of years now that you have kind of a broader and more fuller portfolio here compared to the prior couple of years? And what does that mean for growth rates within that teen section and adoption within teen that's underpenetrated relative to teens as we look forward the next couple of years? 
Joseph Hogan: That's a good question, Ben. I think we -- as we mentioned, it's 20%. And there's -- we don't -- we call them tweens, really. They're young students before they really hit the teen years and have a mature dentition. With Invisalign First and now with IPE, we can handle the 20% that's out there on the Phase I. And some teens just need -- tweens just need dental expansion and some of you really have to split the suture and widen the pallet overall. We feel in both those cases, with IPE and Invisalign First, these are very unique products specific to that area. And we think it will actually make doctors that aren't comfortable with the Phase I, may be even more comfortable now because of the impact on patients is not what it was before when you tried to work these kinds of cases with wires and brackets or higher risk expanders and those kinds of things. 
 But like anything in the orthodontic community, it takes time. It takes time for acceptance. And the good thing about this is IPE is about a 30- to 35-day kind of an episode. So our feedback loop is really good. You can tell from my transcript also is right now, we're approved in the United States and Canada and recently in ANZ. And right now, we're throttled by the regulatory procedures we have to go throughout the world. So we'll be able to give you more specificity on this brand as we go forward. But as I mentioned in my closing too, we're really excited about that technology. And we didn't tie together the new Lumina scanner has such a broad kind of a bandwidth from a scanning standpoint, it scans that palate that you have to cover with Invisalign First extremely well. So those technologies thread together very well out there. So we're excited about it and more to come. 
Operator: Next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel. 
Jonathan Block: Hoping to ask 2, maybe just the first one, throughout the quarter, there was sort of like an obsession or a big focus from investors on month-to-month trends. There was talk about February strength, March weakness. I don't think if anyone really knew if it was the consumer or the calendar or both. So maybe you guys can talk a little bit about how it played out for you guys, elaborate on February and March? And as much as you can, just touch on April here for the first 2 to 3 weeks. And then I'll ask my follow-up. 
John Morici: Yes, Jon, this is John. Look, from -- as we talk about the quarter and think about -- we're very pleased with our results in Q1, we saw stability, as Joe mentioned, and that really continued from the end of the year into the quarter, less about month-to-month. I mean it was the stability and then the execution that we had throughout the quarter with our products. 
Jonathan Block: Okay. And then I'll just shift gears. John, I might stick with you. I believe the wording is slightly above the 2023 OM, which I think is 21.4% unchanged. Despite the higher revenues, the midpoint going from roughly 5% to 7%. So can you talk about where that extra spend is going? Do we see the returns on that this year? Or will that aid and give you some more tailwinds into 2025? 
 And then just to tack on to that, the new higher guidance doesn't -- implies at a 6% in the back part of this year, year-over-year growth, which isn't too dissimilar from 1H, but the comps get more difficult. So the stacks need to accelerate. Why should we be comfortable with that? Is that just an accelerating contribution from some of those new products like Lumina and IPE? 
John Morici: I think that latter point is how I would look at it, Jon. We're making investments. We make investments throughout the year. We get the shorter longer-term investments that we make different returns on whether they're short or long term. But what we see is a stable environment, continued investments in go-to-market activities, we have new products coming. So that helps us accelerate with things that we'll have on the iTero side, as well as IPE and others that Joe talked about, where we really get the approval later in the year. So it's about a stable environment, making investments into that environment and then executing on our growth strategies, and that should give us the benefits that you described in the second half. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird. 
Jeffrey Johnson: John, maybe following up on Jon's question there and just a little finer point on the guidance itself. You've taken that guidance from mid-single digits to 6 to 8 scanner and CAD/CAM services came in obviously strongly in the double digits, upper teens. Should we think about kind of that double digits, maybe not in the upper teens, but double digits is kind of where the scanner and services continues this year? And your Clear Aligner revenue guidance kind of still in the mid-single digits. I think last quarter, we were talking about both those segments being mid-single-digit growers. It seems like to me now, maybe the raise here is being driven more by the scanner and CAD/CAM services. And as Joe calls the market stable, then maybe the Clear Aligner revenue still kind of expected to be in that mid-ish single digits. Is that a fair kind of way to look at guidance? 
John Morici: That's a fair way to look at it, Jeff. I mean, you would see, given the new products that we have with Lumina and iTero, we'll see a little bit faster growth. We're very pleased with what we saw in the first quarter. Typically in the first quarter, you don't have a sequential gain in revenue from the fourth quarter being an equipment business. So we're very pleased with what we saw there. But then we also look at the Clear Aligner business, and we expect to be able to grow and continue to grow there, both in terms of the investments that we're making in a relatively stable environment and some of the new products that should help supplement that growth. 
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes, that's helpful. And then one other follow-up. I think it's been asked in the past maybe at an Analyst Day or something. I don't remember if you've given a clear answer. But it's something I keep getting asked here more recently, and that's a percentage of your patient base of maybe orthodontic cases that get financed through some sort of third-party patient financing company. We have seen in areas like full arch implants, some of the aesthetic procedures outside of dental, where lending standards have gone up, FICO scores have gone from the 500 to 700, something like that to qualify for patient financing in this cost of capital and tougher capital environment. So what percentage -- do you know a percentage or round about of what cases get financed? And if those lending standards have changed at all and put an incremental pressure on patients here more recently? 
John Morici: Yes. What we see, Jeff, is it varies country by control say U.S. is maybe the most -- and I'll combine ortho and GP together, roughly 1/3 of the cases that we see get some type of external financing. Remember, many patients or parents will pay in advance. That's great for doctors. Many doctors, especially orthos will do some type of kind of internal financing where you kind of pay as you go and so on. And many doctors are continuing to do that, especially in the tougher environment. And we're doing things to help doctors to try to give them a little bit more extension in payments so that they can provide and pass that on to their patients as well. And we'll work with DSO partners to really try to help them work with these external companies to try to give better financing rates to try to get these patients to go into treatment. 
 So we're well aware. We know we can help. We have the balance sheet and the cash to be able to help with our customers, so that they can pass that on. And that's something that we want to keep working towards. 
Jeffrey Johnson: John, any change to note over just the past few months even in those lending standards getting tougher? Or do you feel like that's stable as well as just kind of the overall environment as you've described that way? 
John Morici: I look at that as more stable. I think there was a lot of things. If you go back to last year, people are really getting a bit of sticker shock in terms of the higher interest rates, when they came to try to go into treatment. I think people are past that. 
 I think when I see this or what I hear from doctors or see from our customers that it's a little bit more stable. There's not a big change. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cherny with Leerink Partners. 
Michael Cherny: Can you hear me okay? 
Shirley Stacy: Yes, we can hear you fine. 
Michael Cherny: Okay. So just relative to the spend, I want to dive in a little bit more, if possible. You talked about the investment growth. Can you delineate relative to that investment, how you're thinking about the growth into, call it, your core markets or some of the new product launches? And especially with regards to the ramp on the printing side, how much incremental printing spend, so to speak, is coming now versus where you think it's going to grow, what the run rate should be on ramping that over time? 
John Morici: Yes. I think we have a core business that we're running. And obviously, there's a certain amount of investment that you have to be able to grow around sales, sales and marketing and the go-to-market activities that we have. 
 There's also R&D spending that we've had throughout the time. And now as that R&D in the case of acquiring Cubicure and now turning this into more of a platform to be able to build our 3D printing. There's a certain amount of spend that we have. How that lays out, it varies over time that we'll have. But rest assured, we know how to scale products. We know how to scale 3D printing. We'll make the right investments to be able to start scaling up that direct fab printing while making sure that the core business has the right investments for growth, and we'll balance that as we go forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. 
Jason Bednar: First I want to build on some of the macro questions that have been asked. I don't want to belabor the point, but other consumer discretionary companies called out a downtick in March. It doesn't sound like you saw any of that, but just wanted to confirm that's the case with respect to Invisalign demand. And maybe speak to your confidence to drive Clear Aligner volumes going forward, now that comps turn a little bit tougher. How much do you think you might need to fund that growth with investments to drive more traffic into the office? 
Joseph Hogan: Jason, on the first part is, we talk about the stable environment that we've seen that stability of it. We read and I read, what's going on there with the consumer investment, some concerns, particularly in the luxury goods or what's going on out there. 
 But honestly, I think often what we see and analysts who follow us here just really pick up the U.S. data. And what we see is differences all around the world, and that's what's great about having an international business. You have some counter cycling in the sense of the demand patterns and what goes on out there. But I would say there's nothing that we would highlight right now. I would say that we think something has changed in what we saw in the second half of 2023, to what we saw in the first quarter of this year. 
 John, you? 
John Morici: And in terms of investments, we make the investments that we need go to market and manufacture and other expansion as we continue to grow. We'll continue those investments. But as we've talked about, not only for the -- now the second quarter when we're talking about that sequential improvement in op margin and what we've talked about in total year where we expect the year-over-year improvement in margin. We're making sure that we're investing with that right amount of profitability. To still be able to grow into our market and expand the opportunity -- expand on the opportunities that we have, but then being respectful in terms of what margin we need to be able to deliver for the company. 
Jason Bednar: All right. Very helpful, Joe and John. And maybe one follow-up here to maybe a multi-partner on teen. So bear with me. But this might be a nuanced look. It seems like a lot of emphasis here just recently in product development and marketing that's really trying to tap into that much younger market, that Phase I opportunity. IPE fits in there, your new marketing branding plans and emphasis there. There seems to be some benefits for younger patients with Lumina. So it's really -- it seems intentional, but wondering if you could bifurcate for us, how your Invisalign business is performing in this younger patient population relative to the teen as a whole? Where does your penetration sit in those younger patients versus the broader teen channel? And maybe what kind of outsized growth you're expecting from this part of the channel as we look out over the near to intermediate term? 
Joseph Hogan: Jason, just I'll back up on your question, just to give you a kind of a conceptual view. When you think of Phase I, it's actually been controversial in the orthodontic market for years, some orthodontists don't want to do Phase I because as I mentioned before, the kind of devices that have been used, have been kind of difficult from a consumer standpoint. And so those wait for all permanent dentition and move on to there. 
 We feel confident that within this Invisalign First now for dental expansion and then for palate expansion or a morphological change, IPE will do that. And we think a little track more orthodontists to begin Phase I treatment, but this is an industry that takes a while for things to bake in and for them to gain confidence and I understand it because you're working with kids' teeth and mouths and their dentition. 
 But we actually think that a significant amount of growth could come from this area, but we think it will take time, but it's been a great focus for us. And it's going to be interesting to watch how orthodontists in the future actually focus on Phase I, Phase II because these kinds of devices make it simpler for them and for patients in the future. So right now, I can just kind of give you the ground rules on that, that we've changed those roles. In a sense, but I can't project exactly where it's going. 
Jason Bednar: Any sense penetration-wise or maybe where you're at relative to the broader teen market? 
Joseph Hogan: I'd say we're just in that story. I mean even Invisalign First is used sometimes on more permanent dentition too. So it's hard -- we'd have to split our cases out of Invisalign First is what the age of patients are or whatever. But as we get more data and we really get through with IPE and some more specificity around this, we'll share it with you and the rest of the.... 
Shirley Stacy: The only thing that -- I mean if you've tracked us for a while, you know that our average age of teen patients gets younger and younger, I think we're 14 now versus 15 plus before. So I mean that's a reflection of just being able to go after those younger patients with First. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. 
Nathan Rich: Great. I wanted to go back to the guidance. I know it's kind of been touched on a few different times. But I wanted to ask on the Clear Aligner revenue outlook. It looks like you're raising the outlook for the full year by about 1%. I guess could you maybe just touch on what changed specifically with respect to that outlook? It sounds like maybe it's expectations around IPE and DSP versus market improvement. But I'd be curious, any color you could share there? And maybe anything on teen versus adult within the updated guidance would be great. 
John Morici: Yes, I'll start, Nate. So overall, we went from -- we had talked about mid-single digits, so call it 5% to raising it to the midpoint of 7% on a year-over-year, so up 2 points. And really, that's a reflection of a few things. One is the continued stability that we're seeing. We're operating in an environment that's more stable. We saw that coming into the fourth quarter and now into this quarter as well. So that's good if we want that stability there. 
 And then you look at the execution that we have about -- on our core business to be able to grow with a lot of the innovations that we have, the promotions and other things that we have as we get into further into teen season, supplemented with the various new products that we talked about. We feel really good about Lumina and the launch that we have on iTero and the further expansion that that can drive as well as some of the new products like IPE and others to really not only help those unit sales there, but then as Joe described, we had to pull in other products around Invisalign First and others to really help drive some of that growth that we can see in the teen business. 
 So it's a combination of things, Nate, but it's what we're seeing in stability, how we're executing on our core strategies and then some of the new products really supplementing the extended growth to help us. And that's why we adjusted our total year. 
Nathan Rich: Okay. That's helpful. And then, John, maybe just sticking with you. The 2Q operating margin, I know up slightly sequentially, but down year-over-year. And I think historically, it's been a little bit variable, but you've seen more of a step-up in the second quarter than I think what the guidance implies. Anything to call out with respect to FX? Or I think you mentioned some manufacturing cost spend, but just anything there that we should keep in mind as it regards the margin cadence? 
John Morici: Well, and certainly, we are seeing a stronger dollar. So that's something that we talked about when we think about our guide too, we see a stronger dollar coming out of -- out of the first quarter into the second quarter. Our guide reflects that as well. 
 But then you look at the continued investments that we're making to be able to drive more submitters, more doctors into our ecosystem and then ultimately drive more and more utilization. Some of it's that core business that we have to be able to drive growth. And some of it's some of the new products where there's a certain amount of OpEx spend that we have with that. 
 But we're being very mindful of what we can do to be able to drive growth. And then what it also means from an operating margin standpoint. And we're delivering that sequential improvement from 1Q to 2Q in operating margin and then talk to the total year of being up on a year-over-year basis. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley. 
Erin Wilson Wright: Great. I'll ask me 2 upfront here, but follow up on the guidance, and I don't want to belabor this too much, but do you think you have better visibility now just on the underlying demand trends globally? Or would you say that there's still an element or a healthy element of macro uncertainty that's still embedded in your guidance and some conservatism there? 
 And then second would be on Lumina and the launch. And just can you talk about where you're seeing the most success with the launch in the target markets and promotions that where you're focused in terms of expanding share and upgrades as well? 
John Morici: Erin, this is John. I'll talk a little bit about visibility and guidance. I think what we -- what we enjoy now and what we want to be able to have in an operating environment is more stability, and that stability is there. Markets are open. There's a higher overall higher inflation and interest rates, but people are operating in that environment. 
 That stability transcends it to other things that we have. We see the Michigan index or other indices that kind of point to that stability. Based on that stability, the investments that we're making, how we're going to market, some of the new products that we have, other things that we know that could, on a core basis, drive our business as well as the new products and initiatives that we have, that's what gives us confidence to be able to have a guidance that we gave for Q2 and what it means for the total year. 
Joseph Hogan: And Erin, on the Lumina piece, it's Joe, obviously, is -- as I mentioned in the closing of my script, we're really excited about that technology. We've been working on it for 6 years. It is a true new platform. It's not a derivative of the old confocal imaging platform. And there's really no other scanner in the world that's like that and how we've built it. 
 So -- and it will take a while for the, I think, the market to absorb that as you have to do this doctor by doctor and place by place. But we've had a very enthusiastic response from the orthodontic community, but also the general dentistry community too, even though we're not completely ready for the restorative piece, and we mentioned it will be the fourth quarter this year we'll have that capability out. It's just the speed of that one, the simplicity of being able to scan, the dimensional tolerances and all that's used in the sense of both comprehensive and orthodontic cases are really unmatched. 
 So we're excited about that, but we just have to take this thing. We've only had it out now for roughly a couple of months, but we are expecting to have a really strong year, but more importantly, to have that really be the set of standard from a scanner standpoint for the industry going forward. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. 
Michael Ryskin: Congrats on the quarter. I want to follow up on something, I think, Joe, you touched on in the prepared remarks. If I caught it correctly, you kind of pointed to a little bit of strength in U.S. ortho or Americas ortho in the quarter stood out for us. 
 It seems like it's one of the stronger results in a number of quarters. Just wondering if you could expand on that a little bit. Is it the Lumina launch? Is the fact that you're moving into younger teens and younger kids, which obviously is going to be a little bit more ortho-focused? Just any structural change you're seeing there with that group of dentists? Or am I just reading too much? 
Joseph Hogan: Michael, I understand your question. I'd say it's -- we feel it's -- we've seen more stability in that market this year than we have last year. We've always known that the teen segment of that much more solid than the adult segment, but the adult segment held up for us in the quarter 2. And so that aspect of the adults was good for us also. 
 But I'm very cautious about projecting this market going forward because as you can see with a lot of the surveys that are done, this moves pretty dramatically from month to month. But again, it's not just the United States market we're focused on, the global market has been good for us too in that sense. 
 So we're going to take this thing a month at a time, but we're confident enough to say this is stable, that we have products in here that are very helpful from an orthodontic standpoint in new, like you mentioned, Lumina and also IPE that gives us more ground to stand on the sense of those orthos. And so we're excited about that. But in no way do I think there's a phase change between what we saw last year and this year in ortho. It's just more stable and we have more continuity is another word that I'd use to describe it. 
Michael Ryskin: Okay. And if I could squeeze in a follow-up if there's time. Again, also impressed by the DSP touch-up progress. You called it out in the deck. You got some additional launches later this year. You got the 14-stage touch-up aligner offering you're talking about. Any way you can start framing in terms of would you incorporate that into guidance at some point in terms of where you think that can go in terms of volumes and revenues or any update longer term, how you see DSP and touch up evolving over time? 
John Morici: Yes, Mike, I'll take that one. Look, DSP is very popular because it really serves the needs that doctors have. They want to be able to buy things kind of the way they want to buy. They want to be able to instead of making things or doing things themselves, they can use our aligners as part of that DSP and be able to treat those touch-up cases. 
 And we like that, that's incremental for us in terms of what we see there. And they can also then use a lot of the aligners that they have for retention. And that's great too because that's typically incremental volume that we have. So I think when we see us rolling this out, like we said a few years ago, it was U.S. and North America and now into Europe, it continues to do what we expect it to do. 
 Doctors start. They adopt it more and more because part of their workflow and we see positive volume from that. And in success for projects -- programs like that, we'll continue to expand those out. 
Shirley Stacy: Operator, we can take one more question. 
Operator: And our last question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS. 
Kevin Caliendo: I have 2 questions. So the first one is on Heartland. Can you talk a little bit about the benefits of the Heartland investment operationally? And also Heartland is -- my understanding is a pretty profitable business and now with 2 separate investments there, how does their profits or how does the accounting work for that from your perspective at this point? .
 And then secondly, if you can provide -- I guess, with regards to the guidance, I think we understand it. But was that in any way based on the trends that you've seen so far in April? Or if you can elaborate on those in any way, that would be great. 
John Morici: I can start with the guidance part of that, Kevin. Look, we use a lot of factors to look at where our guidance is. So we're using data from Q1 and the most recent information. But it goes back to the stability that we've seen. You can see it in a lot of the surveys and other things that a lot of people do, but what we see is that stability, coupled with what we're trying to do to go to market to drive the initiatives we have and the new products that we have. So that's a key part of what we factor in into our guidance. No change from what we normally do. This is how we've come together in terms of a guidance standpoint. 
 In terms of Heartland, we look at Heartland as this is a great investment from investing in a company that shares a digital orthodontic mindset that we have, to be able to do things in a similar mindset, to be able to expand like they're expanding, to be able to get into markets that in some cases, we don't have much market share with or a big presence there. And they share that same mindset, that expansion. 
 They've been around for a lot of years as well. With this investment, it's less than 5%. There's no consolidation or anything else that's required. And we'll evaluate going forward on whether there's any mark-to-market that we have to do going forward. But it's a continuation of that investment the expansion that they're doing, and we're pleased with the results that we've seen over the last year. 
Shirley Stacy: That actually concludes -- sorry, go ahead, operator. 
Operator: And we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Shirley Stacy for closing remarks. 
Shirley Stacy: Thank you so much, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings, including the American Association of Orthodontics meeting in New Orleans, May 4 and 5. If you have any questions, please give us a call. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-31 16:30:00) =====
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations.  Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results today via Business Wire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 1 month. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our fourth quarter and full year 2023 conference call slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us.  On our call today, I'll provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full results and discuss a few highlights from our 2 operating segments, Systems, Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our Q4 financial performance and comment on our views for 2024. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions.  I'm pleased to report fourth quarter results with better-than-expected revenues and earnings. As of the end of Q4, we achieved several major milestones, including 17 million Invisalign patients treated, including 4.7 million teens, plus 4 million Vivera Retainer cases and over 100,000 iTero scanners sold. And for the full year -- fiscal year 2023, total revenues exceeded our prior outlook, and we delivered fiscal 2023 non-GAAP operating margin above 21%.  For Q4, total revenues were up 6.1% year-over-year, reflecting increased Systems and Services revenues. Strength in Clear Aligner volumes for teens and international doctors as well as continued growth from Invisalign touch-up cases, under our Invisalign Doctor Subscription Program, or DSP. Our Q4 Systems and Services revenues were up year-over-year, primarily due to increased services, CAD/CAM and nonsystems revenues, including scanner leasing and rental programs and certified preowned scanner sales.  Q4 total Clear Aligner shipments were slightly lower year-over-year. On a year-over-year basis, Clear Aligner volumes were down for the Americas and EMEA regions and were up for the APAC region. For Q4, Clear Aligner shipments include approximately 20,000 Invisalign DSP touch-up cases, primarily in North America, an increase of more than 60% year-over-year from Q4 '22. DSP continues to be well received by our customers and is currently available in the U.S. and Canada, Iberia and Nordics and most recently, the U.K. We're excited that DSP is proving helpful to doctors and their patients as we continue to expand the program.  For fiscal 2023, total Invisalign DSP touch-up cases shipped were 73,000, up 85% year-over-year. For non-case revenues, Q4 was up 13.3% year-over-year, primarily due to continued growth from Vivera Retainers along with Invisalign DSP retainer revenues.  On a sequential basis, Q4 total revenues were down slightly, 0.4%, primarily reflecting anticipated seasonally lower teens case starts, especially in the U.S. ortho channel and unfavorable foreign exchange offset somewhat by increased revenues from System and Services as well as an increase in Clear Aligner volume for adults and noncomprehensive cases and stronger volumes from Canada and the EMEA region.  Q4 total Aligner shipments were slightly lower sequentially. On a sequential basis, Clear Aligner volumes were down for the Americas and APAC regions and were up sequentially for the EMEA region. The December gauge practice analysis tool that collects and consolidates data from approximately 1,000 orthodontic practices across the U.S. and Canada reported year-over-year decline for new patients, total exams and total starts, particularly among teens and kids. It also shows a year-over-year decline for wires and brackets and total Clear Aligner starts with Invisalign case starts better than the Clear Aligner brand.  And the teen segment for Q4, a 197,000 teens and younger patients started treatment with Invisalign Clear Aligner Systems, up 6% year-over-year and were a record number of teen cases shipped compared to prior fourth quarters. Q4 teens starts were down sequentially, consistent with historical seasonality, primarily in China as well as seasonally fewer teen starts in North America compared to Q3.  For fiscal 2023, total Invisalign Clear Aligner shipments for teens and younger patients reached a total of 809,000 cases, up 8% compared to the prior year and made up 34% of total Clear Aligner shipments. During Q4, we announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration cleared the Invisalign Palatal Expander System, we call it IPE, Invisalign Palatal Expander for commercial availability in the United States. The FDA 510(k) clearance is for broad patient applicability, including growing children, teens and adults. Full early intervention treatments such as Phase I or early interceptive treatment, makes up about 20% of the orthodontic case starts each year and is growing. Together with Invisalign First Aligners, IPEs provide doctors with a solution set to treat the most common skeletal, dental malocclusions in growing children.  The addition of mandibular advancement features to Invisalign aligners also provides doctors with more options for treating skeletal, dental joint balances and bite correction and for their growing patients during their teenage years. Essentially, we now have an Invisalign digital treatment solution for every phase of treatment.  IPE is currently available on a limited basis in Canada and the United States, and we recently received regulatory clearance in Australia and New Zealand where we anticipate commercialization in Q2. We expect IPE to be available in other markets pending future applicable regulatory approvals.  We're also launching ClinCheck smile video, the next generation of In-Face digitalization with AI-assisted video that is expected to be available to all doctors who use the Invisalign Practice App and ClinCheck treatment planning software. This new tool is designed to help improve patients' understanding and of the confidence in Invisalign treatment and is based on iTero Intraoral Scanner and doctors ClinCheck plan for Invisalign treatment.  ClinCheck smile video simulates the doctor's ClinCheck treatment plan with a short video of a patient's face, and they talk and smile, which helps patients visualize their potential new smile and can lead to a higher patient treatment acceptance. We expect to roll out ClinCheck smile video in Q1 '24 in North America and EMEA, followed by APAC later in the year.  Before I turn the call over to John for our fourth quarter financial review, I want to share one more exciting news. Today, we introduced the latest innovation in the iTero family of inter-oral scanners. The iTero Lumina inter-oral scanner designed to meet the needs of doctors and their patients by offering smaller wand with unparalleled data capture capabilities for effortlessly scanning by clinical members. The iTero Lumina Inter-oral scanner is a breakthrough technology. With 3x wider field of capture and a 50% smaller wand that delivers faster scanning, higher accuracy and superior visualization for greater practice efficiency. iTero Lumina quickly, easily and accurately captures more data while delivering exceptionally scanned quality and photorealistic images that eliminate the need for inter-oral photos altogether.  Doctors can now scan at twice the speed with a wide field of capture, multi-angled scanning and large capture distance, meaning they can capture more dentition in greater detail throughout the scanning process. To date, Align has filed over 30 patent applications covering technology related to the iTero Lumina inter-oral scanner. I believe iTero Lumina has the potential to set a new standard of care for dental practices by simplifying the scanning of complex oral regions while offering superior chairside visualization and more comfortable experience for patients, especially kids. Initial doctor feedback has been very positive, noting that iTero Lumina scanner is much faster, clear, less invasive for their patients and the imaging and visualization translates to better communications and patient experience. The iTero Lumina inter-oral scanner is available now with orthodontic workflows and will be available in the second half of 2024 restorative workflows, although we expect that GP practices can benefit now from the new scanning technology. A global broadcast to unveil iTero Lumina and provide attendees with insights and detailed information from our iTero team and early customer users is planned for February 15. Registration will open on February 1 and the link has been provided in our financial slides as well as in today's press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q4 financial results. Total revenues for the fourth quarter were $956.7 million, down 0.4% from the prior quarter and up 6.1% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. On a constant currency basis, Q4 '23 revenues were impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately $12.8 million or approximately 1.3% sequentially and were favorably impacted by approximately $13.8 million year-over-year or approximately 1.5%. For Clear Aligners, Q4 revenues of $781.9 million were down 1.6% sequentially, primarily from lower volumes. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 Clear Aligner revenues were up 6.9% and primarily due to higher ASPs and non-case revenues slightly offset by lower volumes. For Q4, Invisalign ASPs for comprehensive treatment were up sequentially and up year-over-year. On a sequential basis, ASPs reflect higher additional aligners, partially offset by the unfavorable impact from foreign exchange, higher sales credits and higher discounts. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in comprehensive ASPs reflect higher additional aligners, price increases and favorable impact from foreign exchange partially offset by higher discounts in product mix to lower ASP products. For Q4, ASPs for noncomprehensive treatment were down sequentially and up year-over-year. On a sequential basis, the decline in ASPs reflect the unfavorable impact from foreign exchange, a product mix shift to lower ASP products and higher net revenue deferrals, partially offset by price increases and lower discounts.  On a year-over-year basis, the increase in ASPs reflect price increases, the impact from favorable foreign exchange and higher additional aligners, partially offset by a product mix shift to lower ASP products and higher discounts. Last quarter, we announced about a 5% global price increase for some Invisalign products across most markets effective January 1, 2024. Invisalign Comprehensive Three and Three product is available in North America and certain markets in EMEA and APAC, most recently launching in China, Korea, Hong Kong and Taiwan. We are pleased with the continued adoption of the Invisalign Comprehensive Three and Three product and anticipate it will continue to increase, providing doctors the flexibility they want and allowing us to recognize more revenue upfront with deferred revenue being recognized over a shorter period compared to our traditional Invisalign comprehensive product. Q4 '23 Clear Aligner revenues were impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately $10.7 million or approximately 1.4% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Clear Aligner revenues were favorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $12 million or approximately 1.6%. Clear Aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet increased $14.9 million or 1.2% sequentially and $74.6 million or up 6.1% year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped.  Q4 '23 Systems and Services revenues of $174.8 million were up 5.8% sequentially primarily due to higher ASPs and an increase in CAD/CAM and services revenue, partially offset by lower volumes and were up 2.9% year-over-year, primarily due to higher services revenues from our larger base of scanners sold and increased nonsystem revenues related to our CPO and leasing rental programs mostly offset by lower ASPs and scanner volume.  CAD/CAM and services revenues for Q4 represent approximately 50% of our Systems and Services business. Q4 '23 Systems and Services revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $2.1 million or approximately 1.2% sequential. On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services revenue were favorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $1.9 million or approximately 1.1%. Systems and Services deferred revenues on the balance sheet were down $4.3 million or 1.6% sequentially and down $13.1 million or 4.8% year-over-year, primarily due to the recognition of services revenue which is recognized ratably over the service period. As our scanner portfolio expands and we introduce new products, we increased the opportunities for customers to upgrade, make trade-ins and purchase certified preowned scanners in certain markets. Developing new capital equipment opportunities to meet the digital transformation needs of our customers and DSO partners is a natural progression for our equipment business with a large and growing base of scanners sold.  Moving on to gross margin. Fourth quarter overall gross margin was 70%, up 0.9 points sequentially and up 1.5 points year-over-year. Q4 non-GAAP gross margin was 70.5% up 0.9 points sequentially and up 1.2 points year-over-year. Overall, gross margin was unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange by approximately 0.4 points sequentially and favorably impacted by approximately 0.4 points on a year-over-year basis.  Clear Aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 71.1% up 0.4 points sequentially primarily due to lower manufacturing spend, partially offset by higher freight costs. Clear Aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was up 0.3 points year-over-year, primarily due to higher ASPs and favorable foreign exchange, partially offset by higher manufacturing spend and freight costs.  Systems and Services gross margin for the fourth quarter was 64.8%, up 3.8 points sequentially due to higher ASPs, partially offset by higher service and freight costs. Systems and Services gross margin for the fourth quarter was up 6 points year-over-year due to improved manufacturing efficiencies and favorable foreign exchange, partially offset by lower ASPs. Before I go into the details, I want to note that during Q4 '23, we incurred a total of $14 million of restructuring and other charges, primarily related to post-employment benefits. Q4 operating expenses were $498 million, roughly flat sequentially and down 1.4 points year-over-year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were up slightly due -- primarily due to restructuring and other charges, offset by lower employee compensation. Year-over-year operating expenses decreased by $7.1 million primarily due to controlled spend on advertising and marketing as part of our efforts to proactively manage costs, partially offset by employee-related costs and slightly higher restructuring charges.  On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation, restructuring and other charges and amortization of acquired intangibles related to certain acquisitions, operating expenses were $446.7 million, down 2.5% sequentially and down 2.8% year-over-year.  Our fourth quarter operating income of $171.5 million resulted in an operating margin of 17.9%, up 0.6 points sequentially and up 5.4 points year-over-year. Operating margin was unfavorably impacted by approximately 0.6 points sequentially primarily due to foreign exchange. The year-over-year increase in operating margin is primarily attributed to operating leverage and proactively managing our costs as well as favorable impact from foreign exchange by approximately 0.6 points.  On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, restructuring and other charges, the amortization of intangibles related to certain acquisition, operating margin for the fourth quarter was 23.8%, up 2 points sequentially and up 5.5 points year-over-year.  Interest and other income and expense net for the fourth quarter was an income of $1.3 million compared to a loss of $4.2 million in the third quarter and income of $2.7 million in Q4 2022, primarily driven by favorable foreign exchange. The GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 28.3%, higher than the third quarter effective tax rate of 25.1% and lower than the fourth quarter effective tax rate of 63.8% in the prior year. The fourth quarter GAAP effective tax rate was higher than the third quarter effective tax rate primarily due to onetime benefit related to tax guidance issued in Q3, partially offset by lower U.S. taxes on foreign earnings in Q4.  As a reminder, in Q4 2022, we changed our methodology for the computation of our non-GAAP effective tax rate to a long-term projected tax rate and have given effect to the new methodology from January 1, 2022. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 20%, reflecting the change in our methodology.  Fourth quarter net income per share was $1.64, up sequentially $0.06 and up $1.10 compared to the prior year. Our EPS was unfavorably impacted by $0.07 on a sequential basis and favorably impacted by $0.08 on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.42 for the fourth quarter up $0.28 sequentially and up $0.69 year-over-year.  Moving on to the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023, cash, cash equivalents and short and long term marketable securities were $980.8 million, down sequentially $321.2 million and down $60.8 million year-over-year. Of our $980.8 million balance, $196.1 million was held in the U.S. and $784.7 million was held by our international entities. In October 2023, we purchased approximately 1 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $190.56 per share through a $250 million Accelerated Share Repurchase. And in November and December 2023, we purchased approximately 466,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $214.81 per share through a $100 million open market purchase, both under Align's current $1 billion stock repurchase program. We have $650 million remaining available for repurchase of our common stock under this stock repurchase program.  Q4 accounts receivable balance was $903.4 million, slightly down sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 85 days, flat sequentially and year-over-year. Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $46.9 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $33.4 million, primarily related to our continued investments to increase aligner manufacturing capacity in facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $13.5 million.  Now turning to our outlook. Assuming no circumstances occur beyond our control, we provide the following framework for Q1 and fiscal 2024. For Q1 2024, we expect our worldwide revenues to be in the range of $960 million to $980 million, up slightly from Q4 of 2023. We expect Clear Aligner volume and ASPs to be up slightly sequentially. We expect Systems and Services revenue to be down slightly sequentially, although less than the historical seasonal decline, given the launch of the iTero Lumina for ortho workflows in Q1 2024.  We expect our Q1 2024 GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP operating margin to be slightly above Q1 2023 GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP operating margin, respectively. For full year, we expect fiscal 2024 total revenues to be up mid-single digits over 2023. We expect fiscal 2024 Clear Aligner and Systems and Services revenues to grow year-over-year in the same approximate range as our 2024 total revenues. We expect fiscal 2024 Clear Aligner ASPs to be up slightly year-over-year primarily due to price increases and favorable foreign exchange, partially offset by a higher mix of noncomprehensive products, which have lower ASPs. We expect fiscal 2024 GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP operating margin to be slightly above the 2023 GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP operating margin, respectively. We expect our investments in capital expenditures for the fiscal 2024 to be approximately $100 million. Capital expenditures are expected to primarily relate to building construction and improvements as well as manufacturing capacity in support of our continued expansion.  In summary, I am pleased with our fourth quarter and fiscal 2023 results, and I am especially proud of our continued focused execution of our product road map and innovation pipeline. We are committed to delivering on our strategic growth drivers of international expansion, patient demand, orthodontist utilization and GP dentist treatment to extend our leadership in digital orthodontics and dentistry. I believe that the next wave of innovation that we are introducing into the market will further differentiate Align and allow us to continue to increase our share of the large untapped market opportunity of 22 million annual orthodontic case starts as well as an additional 600 million consumers who could benefit from a healthy, beautiful smile using Invisalign Clear Aligners.  With that, I'll turn it back to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John. In closing, while I'm pleased with our better-than-expected fourth quarter results and start to the year, I'm even more excited about Align innovation in 2024 and our next wave of growth drivers.  When I spoke to you about a year ago, I discussed the innovations that we are planning to bring to market that we continue to revolutionize the orthodontic and dental industry and scanning software and direct 3D printing. We are delivering on that promise. With the introduction of iTero Lumina powered by Multi-Direct Capture technology, we are pushing the boundaries of what inter-oral scanners can do. iTero Lumina is a combination of years of research and development to offer visualization capabilities that support doctors, clinical decisions while also enhancing their patients' comfort and overall treatment experiences. Building on more than 20 years of expertise in revolutionizing imaging technologies, the iTero Lumina scanner elevates the standard in digital scanning to achieve exceptional clinical outcomes and increased practice efficiency. The iTero scanner is at the forefront of digital dentistry.  With the closing of our acquisition of Cubicure, a pioneer of direct 3D printing solutions for polymer additive manufacturing, we will enable the next generation of 3D printed products, helping to create more unique configurations for aligners that are more sustainable and also efficient solutions. We also expect it to extend and scale our printing materials and manufacturing capabilities for our 3D printed product portfolio, which now includes the Invisalign Palate Expander System. And with the introduction of IPE, we have expanded the clinical applicability of the Invisalign system to nearly 100% of the orthodontic case starts. The ability to direct 3D print, IPE will eventually lead to other direct printed products with the goal of direct 3D printed Invisalign Clear Aligners, which we hope to achieve in the next couple of years.  As a company, Align has multifaceted competitive advantage, technology innovation, where we invest up to $300 million in R&D per year to bring in some of the most disruptive products in digital dentistry and orthodontics to the market in a highly regulated industry. A direct sales force that consists of 5,000 highly trained specialists, a doctor-centered model because we understand the importance of doctor-directed care, a $1 billion brand trusted by over 17 million patients worldwide and global scale and manufacturing to deliver millions of customized Clear Aligner parts every day. We are extremely pleased with our latest innovations and commercialization of products to better serve our doctors, customers and their patients. Our belief in the future business overall is unwavering.  Before we turn the call over to the operator, I want to address an important matter regarding DTC or direct to consumer Clear Aligners in our industry. Align has always believed that a doctor-centered model for orthodontic treatment is the safest for patients, and we're always looking for new and better ways to support doctors as they work to create better smiles for their patients.  Recent news regarding the bankruptcy of a DTC clear aligner company has led many consumers to reach out to Invisalign providers to address their unmet needs, including helping those DTC patients with incomplete treatments. To support these former DTC patients who are seeking help from Invisalign providers and practices, in Q4 we introduced a program in the U.S. and select other markets, offering up to a 50% off Invisalign case submission in Vivera Retention to help offset any additional cost to finish their treatment. We want to help everyone achieve a healthy beautiful smile and strongly recommend that individuals who are impacted by this matter seek the advice of a licensed orthodontist or dentist. Our concierge team is always available to answer questions and help connect consumers with Invisalign practices.  With that, I'll thank you for your time today. We look forward to updating you on our next earnings call. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: Congrats on the quarter. I was wondering if you could walk us through the components of the mid-single-digit guide. I got -- for 2024. I understand what you said that like Systems and Services and Clear Aligners would be in the same range. I guess I'm just sort of thinking about like how to think about that. It seems like maybe it's like low single-digit ASP improvement and then sort of low to mid-single-digit case growth. Is that the right way to think about it? Like what else can you -- is there anything else you can sort of clarify on that? And sort of how do you expect at least currently, the sort of pacing of the year to progress.
John Morici: Yes. Elizabeth, this is John. You haven't framed the right way. We're looking at the segments up mid-single digits and then ASPs because of the price increase. We have some offset due to some of the lower-stage products that we have, including the DSP touch-ups and so on, that you would expect then a little bit lower of ASP impact year-over-year.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. That makes sense. And then separately, how has the volume in sort of market in China been progressing across the fourth quarter and maybe into the first quarter so far as you can comment.
Joseph Hogan: Elizabeth, it's Joe. We felt good about China last year. But remember, we had year-over-year comparisons that were really favorable because of the COVID shuts down over there last year. But overall, as we exited the year, we felt good about our performance there, and we feel good about as we move into 2024 about our competitive position there in -- a China market that I think is a little more predictable because it's not the overhead that we've seen with COVID over the last, really, several years.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. And sorry, maybe one last one for me. Can you just remind us the sort of 1Q dip in the operating margins and then how it sort of steps up across the year. I understand the guidance you gave for the first quarter of the year, but just why that first quarter has a sort of different perspective than the rest of the year?
John Morici: Yes. So we wanted to give to prior year because in that prior year, when you start the year, you have certain expenses that you incur right at the beginning, payroll, taxes and other things that you incur initially some of the investments that you make that you then get leverage on as you go through the year. So it's similar to how we position things from last year in 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: Can you hear me out there?
Shirley Stacy: Yes. We hear you fine.
Jeffrey Johnson: John, maybe I want to -- I'll follow up on Elizabeth's margin question there beyond just the 1Q. Let's say, you hit your guidance this year on operating margin is up nominally from 2023 level. It'd be 3 years in a row kind of in that low to mid-21% range. I think pre-COVID you were up in the 25% range or so. What's it going to take to get those margins moving back towards those pre-COVID. You've taken price increases 2 years in a row. It feels like your R&D should be coming down a little bit. Obviously, with Cubicure and that, I know you're continuing to invest aggressively, but IPE is out, Lumina now out, things like that. So just help us understand when could we start to see a path back towards getting those margins maybe up a few points from where they've settled in the last few years?
John Morici: Yes, Jeff, this is John. Really, when you start to get some of that volume leverage, we're positioned as having our manufacturing and the organization that we have that's really set to drive more growth. And once we get some of that volume leverage, we should see that benefit showing up in our numbers. And it's really what we saw as we went through the quarters last year where you see some of that volume benefit. You get that benefit as well when you go through the year, but really looking to try to drive as much volume as we can and you'll start to see some of that leverage that shows up in our numbers.
Jeffrey Johnson: All right. Fair enough. And then, Joe, I think we've talked for many years now how iTero is carved out such a commanding, strong competitive position. You've sold a ton of iTeros over the last 5, 6 years or so. They're all probably getting, I don't know, close to their end of their useful life or so. Lumina for the first time feels like that kind of product with a better form factor, especially things like that, that could really cause some of these docs to say, I got to get rid of this big iTero and go back down to this much smaller one, and things like that, just things that would actually matter to the docs, and I'm sure the technology does this, too, I don't want to just put it on the size. But just thinking there, is this the kind of product that can finally kick off that multiyear upgrade strategy or path in iTero that we've kind of been waiting to see?
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, the easy answer and the quick answer is yes. I mean it's just a brand-new platform. Now we set up -- I mentioned in my script about we have 100,000 units out there that we've sold so far. About 1/3 of those are 5D pluses, which are upgradable by just wand switch out. This is the way we've designed Lumina. And so that part's easy. Also, we've been really aggressively upgrading our installed base between E1 and E2 out there too to better position it for this kind of a move. So as we develop Lumina, we had exactly in mind what you just questioned, and we think we're in a good position to do that.
Jeffrey Johnson: And if you switch out that wand from the 5 to the Lumina, there is a fee there, right? It's not like, hey, you bought this knowing that you could always upgrade at no charge to Lumina?
Joseph Hogan: There's no charity here at Align. There will be a charge.
Jeffrey Johnson: I like to hear that. God bless capitalism.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan Block: So Joe, maybe this one's for you. Video 1Q '24 IPE some markets today, but more in the common IPE should have longer term with team, docs might take a little bit of a wait-and-see approach. You talked about the new scanner. In your opinion, like is innovation are we seeing that in the '24 guide? Or is that more of like a ramp in the '25? And maybe even to take that a step further, John, for you, is there a way to sort of quantify out of that mid-single-digit revenue growth, what can you attribute to these new products coming on board in '24? I'm just trying to think about the impact of '24, is this more the ramp or the slope in the '25 for the innovation hitting?
Joseph Hogan: Jon, I like the way you set that up. It's a ramp, it really is. But we feel good that we can play offense with these product lines. Now we still have to scale IPE. We have a great team that knows how to scale, and we'll get through that. Obviously, Lumina is a completely different set of outside of the computer itself. The wand itself is we feel good about the scale part of that as we sell through the marketplace. But overall, I think the way you described it is a ramp of this new technology really beginning in 2024 is a good foundation for that kind of thought process.
Jonathan Block: And any way to quantify what's in there from the current guide or no? Is that just too difficult to tease out?
Joseph Hogan: It really is just too...
Jonathan Block: Okay. Okay. So second one is maybe a multipart. But just first on the CapEx, $100 million. I mean I was really surprised on how low that number was for this year. It's $400 million in '21, $300 million in '22 million, and I was maybe even more surprised when I think about the direct fabrication initiatives. So I know the slides say hoping to print Invisalign Clear Aligner "next couple of years". Do we still think retainers 2H '24, 1H '25? When do we feel like you proved it out, so to say? And do we start to see gross margin benefits from this as early as next year, turning accretive in 2025. And then admittedly just a jump to another question. For the guidance, can you just help us what's embedded in there? And I bring that up because we've seen this big move in U.S. consumer confidence. Europe still seems very choppy. So when we tie back to your guidance for the year, what are you extrapolating out, if you would, for the current macro?
John Morici: I'll start with that, Jon, in terms of the current guidance. Look, we're looking at the environment that we're all in. It's not a great economy, most places, but it is more stable, and we're building off of that. And then as Joe said, we're doing things to play offense. New products that we have with Lumina and IPE and so on, which we think, can help us grow in this environment.
Joseph Hogan: Jon, your question about the ramp up, the margin piece or part of that, what's that mean in 2025 or whatever. Look, we feel confident, and as you know from our discussions and our analyst presentation last year is 3D printing is foundationally, it can be less expensive as we scale. And so I mean, we'll start to see that come through as we scale that. But we need time to scale this. No one's ever had this polymer before that has a scale. No one's ever used the Cubicure system to the degree that we need to use it. Now we did this with 3D systems years ago because we basically scaled those systems through our team and team knows how to do that. I just can't tell you specifically within those in the next 1 to 3 years, with this being the first year, exactly when that really hits that hyperbolic side.
John Morici: And just to close on the CapEx, those prior years, that was -- a lot of that was -- it was equipment. Of course, we are always adding capacity, but a lot of that was very much unique for buildings, adding buildings for our locations, manufacturing and so on. And when we add some of the capacity that we're adding for our manufacturing, it will go in existing buildings. So we don't have to add another building in most cases for this. So that's why the CapEx is where it is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Vazquez with William Blair.
Brandon Vazquez: On the guidance, maybe one other way I wanted to ask you and see if I could tease out a little bit of color on what's assumed here. If I kind of go back to some old sequentials in the teen side, assuming that's a little less susceptible to macro headwinds, you can probably kind of get to a low single-digit volume growth, I think, for the entire Clear Aligner business already, but probably not even including some DSP. So is that -- am I thinking about this correctly that really out of adults on a year-over-year basis for full year '24, you're really assuming kind of flattish, maybe even down depending on how teens and some of the DSP cases are doing?
John Morici: I would characterize it, Brandon, this is John, that both teen and adult are positive on a year-over-year basis, expect maybe adults to grow faster as we've seen compared to -- teens grow faster than adults as we've seen in the past, but I would expect both of them to be up and show our numbers that way.
Brandon Vazquez: Okay. And then can you just reiterate maybe both for IPE and for Lumina exciting. It seems like they're going to ramp over the coming quarters. Are there any like key quarters and catalysts that we should think about that might take that up. You're talking about a ramp, but we get to the next level on the ramp on any of those when they go from maybe a limited launch to full market relief, anything like that?
Joseph Hogan: Brandon, Joe again. On the Lumina side, remember, our restorative scanner for GPs comes out in the third quarter. But as like John indicated, we indicated, we feel we can sell that into the market now with the capabilities it has, but that will ramp in -- that will probably be more hinged to the regulatory approvals we have to get around the world. Right now, as I mentioned, we only have the United States and Canada and ANZ. Secondly, on IPE, it's the same thing is we're regulatory constrained. We still have to go through Europe. And as I mentioned, IPE will come out in the second quarter in Australia and also. And as we gave that, obviously, we'll be scaling IPE too and understanding the dynamics around that. So it's more of a ramp, as I mentioned a few calls ago than anything.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: I'm going to pile on here on the guidance, just to focus there first. You mentioned noncomprehensive mix as being an offsetting factor to ASPs. I know you've got that DSP factor. I had thought maybe originally you were signaling adults growing better than teens, but doesn't seem like that's the case just given your comments there to Brandon. But I guess, regardless on adults, are you seeing this market getting its footing back, it sounds like it, but if you are, what's giving you the confidence? Or what are you seeing that kind of the day-to-day or month-to-month that's showing adults are coming back into the office for treatment. And then sorry to load a few in here, but should we expect this faster noncomprehensive mix also to have gross margin benefits for the year as well? I think it typically does, but I don't think we've gotten kind of a gross margin cadence outlook for '24.
Joseph Hogan: Jason, I'll take the first part of your question and hand the rest off to John, is we feel we're on a more stable, I'd call it, economic platform than last year. And so the adult and teen question that you had is we expect that to carry through in 2024, as we indicated with our guidance, too. So when I look back, everybody has a clear vision backwards than forward, we look back to last year, a pretty unstable platform that we experienced for the year and the third quarter was a tough one in that sense. But I think we all see it right now, we have more confidence that at least we're dealing with stability from an economic standpoint in most parts of the world from what we see.
John Morici: And on the noncomprehensive and gross margin questions and related to that. Look, as we have the mix that shifts through and you might have an ASP lower on some of the non-comp DSP and others that fall into that. Those are our highest gross margin products from a rate standpoint. So they're helpful for us as a business. It's really what that customer wants for him or her to run their practice and that's how we balance things out. But overall, we expect that we would see benefits in gross margin just like we're talking about op margin year-over-year benefits, we should see a benefit as well in gross margin.
Jason Bednar: All right. That's helpful. And then for the follow-up here, I'll ask on teens. It does look like you're back to gaining share against brackets and wires. It looks like the kind of the second consecutive quarter of that. I'm curious if you could talk maybe bigger picture, what's changed to what you think has changed over the last 3 to 6 months versus maybe the 12-plus months that preceded that. But do you think the share gains you're seeing versus brackets and wires, does that have to do with changes you made to that Teen Guarantee program middle part of last year? Or are there other items at the practice level or associated with your go-to-market activities that are driving that shift?
Joseph Hogan: You can always say that at Align, there's no single variable equations. And this is another one. The Teen Guarantee, we think is some of it, obviously, our portfolio and how we put that together, our DSP programs, the uniqueness of Invisalign First. All those things really help. And from an adult standpoint, with the firmer economic platform I talked about, I just think there's more confidence out there that we're starting to see lead through.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America.
Michael Ryskin: I want to start with DSP kind of where you left off really successful, obviously, and you had great growth year-over-year for the whole year. But it's kind of moved in sort of like a step function. If I just look at the numbers, 6,000, 7,000, 9,000 and then you're kind of like an 11,000, 12,000 range. Now you're in the 18,000, 19,000, 20,000 range. Is there another step function coming next year? Is there -- could you dig into a little bit into what's driving that? And just sort of where do you see that going over the next couple of years?
John Morici: Michael, this is John. I would say as we look to expand this out, it's been successful, every place that we've done, we've seen, as you said, North America starts with this. So you see some doctors start and then we have more and more doctors that sign up for the program. And then as the doctors sign up for the program, then they end up doing more and more volume with us. We've taken that same approach to other countries, and now we've introduced this in EMEA and other places. And the same thing happens. More and more doctors sign up for it. They start to see the benefits of it, and then they utilize it more. So it's really just a matter of now scaling this to other parts of the world because we find that this is really a nice way to supplement how a doctor wants to run their practice.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. And then maybe a follow-up on a few questions that were asked on Cubicure and Direct 3D printing earlier. Really exciting technology that you unveiled late last year, and definitely see the opportunity. But could you help walk us through the road map a little bit sort of like what should we be looking for as sort of goal post 6 months out, a year out, 2 years out, just to sort of track progress and see how it -- see how it's progressing?
Joseph Hogan: Michael, it's Joe again. I think the best way to describe it to you, it's -- like I said in my script, it's a 1- to 3-year journey. And obviously, we'll -- we know how to make these aligners now. We understand how to do it. It's just a scalability of resin in the Cubicure process and that takes time. And we'll obviously report on it quarter by quarter. So you really understand where we're going and what the hurdles are and what the opportunities are.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. Maybe if I could just tweak that a little bit. Is there -- just help us understand, is there anything in terms of -- when you talk about scalability of the resin and the polymer, if you're looking at comprehensive, noncomprehensive, you talked about retainers and being able to put those. Is there anything in terms of your portfolio that makes some products more amenable or would be amenable earlier than others? Or is this just going to be all or nothing?
Joseph Hogan: I mean obviously, the scale, you look at retainers first because units of one. And that's why you'd end up with comprehensive full cases in some way. And that's basically how we'll ramp.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: I wanted to ask on the Systems and Services revenue guidance for 2024. This looks low to me just given -- I think growth in '23 was basically flat, up slightly. With the Lumina launch, we thought it would maybe be up more than it was in 2023. So I don't know if you could just maybe elaborate on what you're expecting for that segment?
John Morici: Nate, this is John. We're looking at, like we said, this year, you're kind of in that mid-single digits. We do have Lumina, which helps, but there's also unknowns about the macro economy. We were very pleased with what we saw in the fourth quarter with doctors buying and actually doing better than what we had really guided to. So we're pleased with the performance of Q4, but we just want to make sure that as we ramp up Lumina that we're properly positioned there, and we'll update as we go along.
Nathan Rich: Okay. Great. And then just going back to the margin cadence, I guess are there any either upfront or onetime costs associated with either the launches of Lumina or IPE that impact the margin in the early part of the year just as we think about cadence and sort of what the right baseline is.
John Morici: There is some of that in Q1. We're ramping that up. So it's not a big, huge splash where there's a lot of expenses and kind of hits all in 1 quarter. But there is some ramp up, but that's factored into our guidance. So when we say that we expect the year-over-year in the first quarter to be slightly up, it's factored in -- those expenses are factored in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Wright with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: You mentioned at the end of the call, some of the DTC customers that you are tailoring some of the offerings to. I guess, was this material at all in the quarter? Maybe it's not large enough at this point, but any sort of contributions in 2024 as we think about picking up some of that business? And then also, DSO relationships, has there been any changes there in terms of the relationships on that front? How would you characterize those at this point? Are you seeing any greater traction there? Do some of these new products really move the needle on some of those relationships or conversations you're having?
Joseph Hogan: Ann, on the DTC customers, we've always argued that, that wasn't our marketplace in the sense of the price point and all. But I mean, obviously, these patients will pursue treatment. Now probably more so for doctors than DTC. And we're just doing what we can in order to support those customers going forward. But again, as I was clear in my script, we're a doctor-focused client company, and we'll keep it that way. But we do see this as being a certain opportunity. It's just hard for us to quantify right now. On the DSO relationships, I'd say this has gotten stronger all around the globe. Two to call out would be Heartland and [indiscernible] being more new ortho side and Heartland being more on the GP side. But we have really good relationships and we leverage our portfolio well with them to help them grow and we grow with them. So I feel good about our position with DSOs, and we have good strong relationships out there with them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard: Joe, given the positive macro shift we've seen in the last few months with consumer confidence coming back, any chance you can comment on what you've seen in case starts in January an inflection? And then with respect to the '24 growth outlook. Any chance you could break that out between Americas and International.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. I can't -- I really wouldn't break it out between Americas and International because we felt good about the geographies in general as you went across the world for especially latter half of the fourth quarter of last year. As we go into this year, as I talk about, we're looking at, I think, a stable economic platform. Some of the data that you cited would support that overall. And we feel good about our new products. We think we can play offense. And that's what we're focused on right now.
Brandon Couillard: Okay. And then one housekeeping one for you, John. The fourth quarter operating cash flow was pretty weak. Can you just unpack any of the moving parts that might have been onetime in the quarter. It looks like there was a spike in prepaid expenses on the balance sheet. But anything you would call out?
John Morici: Things that related to like tax payments and things. It's just some timing as things go through the year. But we feel great. I mean, it's a great model. It generates a lot of cash. It gives us a lot of flexibility, and we were able to use that cash, that $350 million buyback that we did last quarter.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Shirley Stacy for closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you at upcoming financial conferences and at industry meetings such as Chicago Midwinter. If you have any questions or follow-up, please contact our Investor Relations. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Align Technology, Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, with Align Technologies. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, president and CEO, and John Morici, CFO. We issued third quarter 2023 financial results today via Businesswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately one month. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, products and outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, including our gap to non-GAAP reconciliation if applicable, and our third quarter 2023 conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detail. Note as of Q3, DSP touch-up cases and associated revenues have been reclassified to the non-comprehensive clear Aligner segment and are now reflected in our reported clear Aligner case volumes, revenues and business metrics. Prior to this quarter, they were not reported in the non-case category. Unless otherwise stated all metrics include DSP touch up cases in reported clear Aligner volumes. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align technologies President and CEO Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today I'll provide an overview of our third quarter results and discuss a few highlights from our two operating segments, Systems and Services and Clear Liners. Jon will provide more detail on our Q3 financial performance and comment on our views for the remainder of the year. Following that, we'll come back and summarize a few key points and we'll take questions. Our third quarter results reflect lower than expected demand in a more difficult macro environment than we experienced in the first half of 2023. Dental practices and industry research firms have reported deteriorating trends, including decreased patient visits and increased patient cancellations, along with fewer orthodontic case starts overall, especially among adult patients. The September Gauge report, which reflect more than 1200 North American Orthopactices shows deceleration for orthodontic treatment, and new orthodontic patient appointments were down 8.7% year over year, and ortho case starts were down 6.9% year over year, the biggest decrease in over a year. Despite these headwinds, total Q3 worldwide revenues of 960 million were up 7.8% year over year, with growth across all regions. For Q3, we had record clear liner shipments to teenage and younger patients, which increased 10% sequentially, and 8.4% year over year, driven by continued strength from iInvisalign First. Q3 year over year revenue growth also reflects improvement in APAC, offset by more pronounced summer seasonality in EMEA and North America. Our Q3 systems and services revenues were up 4.9% year over year despite continued challenges for capital equipment, primarily due to higher iTero scanner volumes in the Americas and APAC regions, reflecting certified preowned or what we call CPO sales, scanner, leasing and rental programs, as well as increased services revenue. Q3 systems and services revenues were down sequentially, primarily due to a weaker capital equipment cycle, as well as lower non-systems revenues. This was partially offset by higher scanner volumes in the Americas, reflecting an increased mix of iTero 5D plus scanners, including more trade in trade ups for DSO customer in Q3. Q3 non-case revenues were up 13.5% year over year, primarily due to continued growth from Vivera retainers and increased adoption of Invisalign Doctor Subscription Program, or DSP, our monthly subscription based clear liner program, which includes retainers, low stage touchup and clear liner treatment. For Q3, we shipped over 19,000 DSP touchup cases, primarily in North America, an increase of more than 70% year over year from Q3 '22. DSP continues to be well received by our customers and is currently available in the US, Canada, Iberia and the Nordics. We are excited about the DSP is proving helpful to doctors and their patients. We're continuing to expand the program in EMEA and with certain DSO partners in Q4. For Q3, total clear aligner volumes were down 3.3% sequentially and up 2.3% year over year, primarily reflecting weaker than expected demand for orthodontic treatment, especially for adult patients. As I said earlier, despite soft consumer trends, our teen and younger patient business was strong across all regions, up both sequentially and year over year, primarily due to continued adoption of invisalign first for kids as young as six years old. In terms of invisalign submitters, the total number of doctors shipped for Q3 increased sequentially to approximately 85.2 thousand doctors, the highest number in two years, driven by the Americas and APAC regions. From a channel perspective, orthodontist submitters were up year over year, especially from doctors submitting teenage cases, offset by fewer GP dentists year over year, particularly in the Americas. On a geographic basis, Q3 clear aligner volumes reflect a sequential increase in invisalign shipments from the APAC and Latin American regions, as well as North American Invisalign teenage cases, this is offset by lower volume and more pronounced softness from summer seasonality in EMEA and North America, primarily invisalign adult cases. For the America's invisalign case volume, Q3 '23 was down sequentially, primarily due to lower invisalign adult shipments in the GP channel and slightly down year over year. Q3 '23 clear aligner volumes reflect increased submitters in the Ortho channel, with an increase in teen and younger case starts driven by momentum from invisalign first. This is reflected in the September Gauge data, which shows an invisalign orthostart performed better than wires and brackets and other clear liners. In North America, adoption of invisalign comprehensive three and three product drove sequential volume growth in Q3 '23. Invisalign DSP touchup cases in North America also drove growth sequentially year over year. For a EMEA [ph] Q3 Three clear liner volumes were down sequentially, primarily from the impact of Q3 summer seasonality when doctors offices are closed for summer vacations and more consumers are traveling. This was partially offset by sequential growth in Italy, Benelux, Turkey and the Middle East. Year over year clear liner volumes were up reflecting continued adoption of invisalign moderate, the comprehensive three and three product, as well as an increase in Teen Case starts, driven primarily by Invisalign first and our new Invisalign Teen Case packs. For APAC Q3'23 Clear Aligner volumes were up sequentially and up year over year reflecting improving trends in China as well as other key markets like India, Taiwan, Korea, Japan and Thailand. Q3 APAC results also reflected increased invisalign submitters and higher utilization, especially for teen patients driven by growth from invisalign first in the Orthodontic channel during our typically strong teen season in China. Q3 APAC results also reflect growth in a GP channel with increased invisalign submitters and higher utilization sequentially and year over year. During Q3, we continue the rollout of Invisalign comprehensive three and three product in APAC most recently launched in China. Invisalign comprehensive three and three is also available in Hong Kong, Korea, Taiwan and India. We are pleased with the adoption of the three and three product in APAC, where the majority of cases treated are comprehensive, allowing our doctor customers more flexibility within the invisalign product portfolio. During the quarter, we also shipped to a record number of doctors in APAC, increasing both sequentially and year over year. Invisalign is the most trusted brand in the orthodontic industry globally, and it's important that we continue to create demand for invisalign clear aligners, especially given the macroeconomic pressures on doctors and their patients. In Q3- three, we delivered 11.1 billion impressions and had 27.7 million visits to our websites globally. To increase awareness and educate young adults, parents and teens about the benefits of the invisalign brand, we continue to invest and create campaigns in top media platforms such as TikTok, Instagram, YouTube, Snapchat, WeChat and Dillion across markets. The underlying market opportunity for clear liner of treatment, especially for teens and kids, remains huge and significantly underpenetrated. We know invisalign clear liner of treatment is faster and more effective than Braces [ph] yet the vast majority of orthodontic cases are still treated using brackets and wires. Differentiation is key to increasing invisalign share of the orthodontic case starts, especially among teens and their parents. We are continuing to differentiate through novel campaigns such as our new Invis is Drama Free campaign ., which uses humor to juxtapose the significant benefits of invisalign treatment over metal braces. Similarly, to differentiate invisalign treatment for adults, we launched new campaigns globally using powerful patient stories that share how important a smile is and how invisalign treatment increases self confidence that transforms lives. Reaching young adults as well as teens and their parents also requires the right engagement through invisalign influencers and creator centric campaigns, which delivered 5.8 billion impressions in the Americas in Q3. Creators such as Michael Simoneau, Jalen Hall, NFL player Darren Warren and also Leilani Green showed their results and why they chose to transform their smiles with invisalign aligners. In the EMEA [ph] region, we partnered with Influencers to reach consumers across social media platforms including TikTok and Meta, and launched our Global Consumer Campaign for teens and parents of teens, highlighting the benefits of invisalign treatment versus braces. In Germany, we continue to see positive engagement with our patient testimonial campaigns launched in the previous quarter. Our consumer campaigns delivered more than 1.4 billion media impressions and 6.9 million visitors to our website. We continue to invest in consumer advertising across the APAC region, resulting in more than 3.9 billion impressions and 11.9 million visitors to our websites in the quarter. We expanded our reach in Japan and India via Meta and YouTube, and partnered with key Influencers to reach consumers across social media. We saw increased brand interest from consumers, as evidenced by an over 800% increase in unique visitors to our website in India and 135% increase in Japan. Finally, digital tools such as My Invisalign Consumer and Patient app continue to increase with 3.4 million downloads to date and over 367,000 monthly active users, representing a 19% year over year growth. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks Joe. Now for our Q3 '23 financial results. Total revenues for the third quarter were $960.2 million, down 4.2% from the prior quarter and up 7.8% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. On a constant currency basis, Q3 revenues were impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately $2.7 million, or approximately 0.3% sequentially and favorably impacted by approximately $4.2 million year over year, or approximately 0.4%. For clear aligners, Q3 revenues of $794.9 million were down 4.5% sequentially, primarily from lower volumes and lower ASPs. On a year over year basis, Q3 clear aligner revenues were up 8.5%, primarily due to higher ASPs, higher volumes and higher non case revenues. For Q3 invisalign ASPs for comprehensive treatment were down sequentially and up year over year. On a sequential basis, ASPs reflect larger discounts, product shift, mix shift to lower priced products and unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by higher additional aligners. On a year over year basis, the increase in comprehensive ASPs reflect higher additional aligners and price increases, partially offset by larger discounts and unfavorable product mix shift. For Q3 invisalign ASPs for non-comprehensive treatment were down sequentially and up year over year. On a sequential basis the decrease in ASPs reflects larger discounts, higher sales credits, and unfavorable product mix, partially offset by higher additional liners and favorable foreign exchange. On a year over year basis, the increase in non-comprehensive ASPs reflects price increases, higher additional aligners and favorable foreign exchange, partially offset by product mix shift. In Q1 '23 we launched the invisalign comprehensive Three and Three product. The Three and Three configuration offers our doctor customers invisalign comprehensive treatment with three additional liners included within three years of the treatment end date, instead of unlimited additional liners within five years of the treatment end date. At the 2022 Invisalign comprehensive product price, Invisalign comprehensive Three and Three product is available in North America and in certain markets in EMEA and APAC, most recently launching in China, Korea, Hong Kong and Taiwan. We are pleased with the continued adoption of the Invisalign comprehensive Three and Three product and anticipate it will continue to increase, providing doctors the flexibility they want and allowing us to recognize more revenue upfront with deferred revenue being recognized over a shorter period of time compared to our traditional Invisalign comprehensive product. As we begin to ship more additional aligners for comprehensive Three and Three products, we expect to see an ASB benefit. As revenues from subscriptions, retainers and other ancillary products continue to grow globally some of the historical metrics that only focus on case shipments are expected to account for a lesser percentage of our overall growth. In our earnings release and financial slides, you will see that we have added our total clear aligner revenue per case shipment, which we believe to be a more indicative measure of our overall growth strategy. Q3 '23 clear aligner revenues were impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately $2 million, or approximately 0.3% sequentially. On a year over year basis clear aligner revenues were favorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $3.8 million, or approximately 0.5%. Clear aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet increased $14.1 million, or up 1.1% sequentially and up $116 million or up 9.9% year over year, and will be recognized as the additional liners are shipped. Q3 '23 systems and service revenues of $165.3 million were down 2.5% sequentially, mostly due to unfavorable ASPs and lower revenues from our certified preowned program, partially offset by higher scanner volume and higher services revenues. On a year over year basis, Q3 '23 systems and services revenue were up 4.9% due to higher scanner volume, higher services revenue from our larger base of scanners sold, and higher revenues from our certified preowned and leasing rental programs, partially offset by unfavorable ASPs. Q3 '23 systems and services revenues were impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately $0.7 million, or approximately 0.4% sequentially. On a year over year basis system and services revenues were favorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $0.4 million, or approximately 0.3%. Systems and services deferred revenues on the balance sheet was down $4.4 million, or 1.6% sequentially, primarily due to the decrease in the deferral of service revenues included with scanner purchases and essentially flat or up slightly to 0.1 million or 0.1% year over year. Services deferred revenues will be recognized ratably over the service period. As our scanner portfolio expands and we introduce new products, we increase the opportunities for customers to upgrade, make trade ins and purchase certified pre owned scanners in certain markets. Developing new capital equipment opportunities to meet the digital transformation needs of our customers and DSO partners is a natural progression for our equipment business with a large and growing base of scanners sold. Moving on to gross margin, third quarter overall gross margin was 69.1%, down 2.1 points sequentially and down 0.5 points year over year. Overall gross margin was unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange by approximately 0.1 point on a sequential basis, and favorably impacted by foreign exchange by approximately 0.1 point on a year over year basis. Clear aligner gross margin for the third quarter was 70.7%, down 1.7 points sequentially, primarily from higher manufacturing spend and a higher mix of additional aligner volume and lower ASPs. Clear aligner gross margin for the third quarter was roughly flat year over year, primarily due to increased manufacturing spend as we continue to ramp up operations at our new manufacturing facility in Poland, partially offset by higher ASPs. Systems and services gross margin for the third quarter was 61%, down 4.1 points sequentially, primarily from lower ASPs, partially offset by favorable manufacturing variances, lower service and freight costs, and higher services revenues. Systems and services gross margin for the third quarter was down 2.3 points year over year, primarily from lower ASPs, partially offset by favorable manufacturing variances, lower service and freight costs, favorable foreign exchange, and higher service revenues. Q3 '23 operating expenses were $496.7 million, down sequentially 8.3% and up 4.5% year over year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were down $44.9 million, primarily from lower consumer marketing spend and lower incentive compensation. Year over year, operating expenses increased by $21.2 million, primarily due to higher incentive compensation in our continued investments in sales and R&D activities, partially offset by controlled spending on advertising and marketing, as part of our efforts to proactively manage costs. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock based compensation and amortization of acquired intangibles related to certain acquisitions, operating expenses were $458.2 million, down 9.3% sequentially and up 3.3% year over year. Our third quarter operating income of $166.3 million resulted in an operating margin of 17.3%, up 0.1 points sequentially and up 1.2 points year over year. Operating margin was unfavorably impacted by approximately 0.3 points sequentially, primarily due to foreign exchange. The year over year increase in operating margin is primarily attributable to operating leverage, partially offset by investments in our go to market teams and technology, as well as unfavorable impact from foreign exchange by approximately 0.1 point. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock based compensation and amortization of intangibles related to certain acquisitions, operating margin for the third quarter was 21.8%, up 0.5 points sequentially and up 1.6 points year over year. Interest and other income expense net for the third quarter was a loss of $4.2 million, compared to a loss of $0.3 million in the second quarter and a loss of $21 million in the third quarter a year ago, primarily due to foreign exchange. The GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter was 25.1% lower than the second quarter effective tax rate of 34.8%, and lower than the third quarter effective tax rate of 40.7% of the prior year. The third quarter GAAP effective tax rate was lower than the second quarter effective tax rate, primarily due to the application of newly issued tax guidance and lower US taxes on foreign earnings in Q3. As a reminder, in Q4 '22, we changed our methodology for the computation of our non-GAAP effective tax rate to a long term projected tax rate and have given effect to the new methodology from January 1, 2022, and recast previously reported quarterly periods in 2022 2022. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate in the third quarter was 20%, reflecting the change in our methodology. Third quarter net income per diluted share was $1.58, up sequentially $0.12 [ph] and up $0.65 compared to the prior year. Our EPS was unfavorably impacted by $0.08 on a sequential basis and unfavorably impacted by $0.05 on a year over year basis due to foreign exchange. On a non GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.14 for the third quarter, down $0.08 sequentially and up $0.51 year over year. Note that the prior year 2022 non-GAAP net income and prior year 2022 non-GAAP EPS reflects the Q4 '22 change in our methodology for the computation of our non-GAAP effective tax rate. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of September 30, 2023, cash equivalents and short and long term marketable securities were $1,301.9 billion [ph] up sequentially, $268.1 million, and up $160.9 million year over year. Of our $1.3 billion dollar balance, 381 million was held in the US and $920.6 million was held by our international entities. Q3 accounts receivable balance was $904.2 million down sequentially, our overall day sales outstanding was 84 days, up approximately three days sequentially and down approximately two days as compared to Q3 last year. Cash flow from our operations for the third quarter was $287.2 million. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $21.6 million, primarily related to our continued investments to increase aligner manufacturing capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations, less capital expenditures amounted to $265.6 million. Now, turning to our fourth quarter outlook. For Q4 '23, assuming no circumstances occur that are beyond our control, we anticipate our worldwide revenue to be in the range of $920 to $940 million down sequentially from Q3 of '23. We expect both clear aligner and systems and services revenues to be down sequentially, reflecting a more challenging macro environment for doctors and patients with fewer orthodontic case starts overall unfavorable foreign exchange given the strengthening of the US dollar against key currencies and longer sales cycles for capital equipment purchases. For our clear aligner business, we expect clear aligner teen volume to be seasonally lower in Q4 of '23, and we don't anticipate improvement in adult volumes. For Q4 '23, we also expect clear aligner ASPs to be down sequentially, primarily due to the strengthening US dollar. For our systems and services business, we anticipate increasing headwinds for macro uncertainty and potential supply issues related to the war in the Middle East. We expect our Q4 '23 GAAP operating margin to be down sequentially from Q3 of '23 due to restructuring primarily related to severance as we adjust headcount for this environment. We anticipate our non-GAAP operating margin to be up sequentially from Q3 of '23. During Q1 '23, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a new $1 billion stock repurchase program to succeed the 2021 $1 billion program. Currently, $1 billion remains available for repurchase under the 2023 stock repurchase program. During Q4 '23, we expect to repurchase up to $250 million of our common stock through either or a combination of open market repurchases or an accelerated stock repurchase agreement. For full year 2023, assuming no circumstances occur that are beyond our control, we anticipate our 2023 worldwide revenue to be in the range of $3.83 billion to $3.85 billion. We also expect our full year 2023 GAAP operating margin to be roughly one point lower than 2022 and our 2023 non-GAAP operating margin to be slightly above 21%. For 2023, we expect investments in capital expenditures to be approximately $200 million. Capital expenditures are expected to primarily relate to building construction and improvements as well as manufacturing capacity in support of our continued international expansion. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John. While our third quarter results and fourth quarter outlook reflect weaker consumer sentiment and increased headwinds including foreign exchange, Align is in a unique position to continue driving the digital revolution in the dental industry to help doctors transform and grow their practices with invisalign clear aligners, Itero Scanners and Align digital platform. We are very excited about the recent innovations developed to further revolutionize digital treatment planning for Orthodontics and also restore to dentistry by providing doctors with greater flexibility, real time treatment plan modification capabilities, and digital solutions to help improve practice productivity and patient experience, which are even more important to our customers in the current environment. This includes clincheck live update for 3D controls invisalign practice App, invisalign personal plan or IPP, Invisalign Smile Architect, Itero exocad [ph] connector Invisalign Outcome Simulator pro and invisalign virtual Care AI software. These digital tools are continuing to gain adoption and help doctors gain efficiencies. In Q3 Clincheck Live Update was used by 41,000 doctors on more than 560,000 cases, reducing time spent and modifying treatment by 21%. Invisalign Practice app is now actively used by about 87,000 doctors, with over 5.2 million photos uploaded during the quarter via the Practice app. In addition, we will launch Invisalign Pallet expander or IPE system in Canada this quarter. IP is our first direct printed orthodontic device that provides a safe, comfortable, and clinically effective alternative to metal paddled, expanders and boosts our market opportunity in the teen market by addressing a portion of cases we couldn't otherwise treat without IPE. In summary, we're committed to balancing our investments in near and long term growth drivers while delivering improved operating margin as we navigate one of the most challenging operating environments in recent history with increasing macroeconomic pressure on doctors and their patients, we have an enormous opportunity to continue driving adoption of digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry and a responsibility to optimize our investments for the current environment. Before turning the call over for questions, I'd like to address the war in the Middle East and our Itero scanner business. The situation continues to evolve and is very fluid. We are monitoring developments closely. Our singular focus at this stage is on the safety and security of our employees and their families and our doctors and their staff and patients. Align offices and scanner manufacturing facility in Israel are currently open and operating. While we hope the situation will improve, we're preparing mitigation plans to ensure business continuity and we'll update our customers and other stakeholders as needed. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. Your question, please.
Joseph Hogan: Hi, Jason.
Operator: Jason, you might have your phone on mute.
Shirley Stacy: Operator, you want to go to the next question?
Operator: Certainly.
Shirley Stacy: And we'll come back.
Operator: Certainly. One moment. And our next question comes in line Brandon Vazquez from William Blair. Your question, please.
Brandon Vazquez: Hey, everyone, thanks for taking the question. On the first one, maybe can we just start a little bit? It sounds like macro, and given the data that you guys were talking about is probably getting a little worse into the end of the year. Maybe just talk about how that kind of trended through the quarter, how we're trending now. I think what a lot of us are trying to get our head around is what's the direction of macro in the dental space going into the end of the year and into 2024, especially as you look at kind of the consumer and then CapEx on scanners. So how are you guys seeing that from your end right now?
Joseph Hogan: When you look at the fourth quarter and the way we have done our forecast overall, we felt great about teens in the third quarter and what we reported to, but adults were really highly affected. And when you run through the fourth quarter, it's primarily an adult season for us. And China is a big teen season in the third quarter, too. When you look at the gauge data for September and what we see in October so far, and even some of the consumer profiles around how they're feeling about their finances and all, we've basically just projected what we've seen in September forward to the fourth quarter.
Brandon Vazquez: Okay. And then maybe as a follow up on the teen side, it sounds like the Ortho channel, based off the market data you have, is that teens are declining year over year. But you guys, or at least sequentially, you guys are up both, it looks like. So are you guys taking share within the teen market? It's a little bit of a funny dynamic because I think earlier this year, as the Ortho channel got a little weaker, they were going to wires and brackets. But it seems like now you're taking share. How durable is that and what are you guys kind of seeing that's driving that in the underlying market? Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: We were happy to see that change and the gauge data that showed wires and brackets going down and competitive aligners going down and us going up. But you can't draw a line through one dot. We feel good again about the technology and all that. We're presenting the Efficiencies and all we're offering to Orthodontists, and we think that's a good stimulant in that sense. But right now, we're going to have to take this thing quarter to quarter.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Joseph Hogan: Hi, Jason.
Operator: Jason, we're still not hearing you. Shall I move on? Yes, please. Certainly. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your question, please.
Operator: Mr. Johnson, your line is open. One moment - certainly as we go to our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifel. Your question, please.
Jon Block: Hey, guys, can you hear me okay?
Joseph Hogan: Hey, John. Just fine.
Jon Block: All right, so far so good. Maybe a couple of questions. I'll start right now, you just seem highly tethered to the consumer. But in '24, you've got some incrementals, right? You just launched IP in Canada. You've got remote monitoring. We think maybe you have a new scanner. So just like your thoughts on the ability for the company to manufacture more of your own growth in 2024, and any commitment to grow revenues year over year in '24. And where I'm going with that is even the revised guidance you'll grow year over year in 2H '23. But if I annualize your 4Q number and just sort of run rate that you arguably land down year over year with call it a more dynamic set of innovation. So not asking for a number, but clearly things are moving around. And how do we think about what that means again, to manufacture your own growth in '24 and any commitment to have positive revenue growth in '24?
Joseph Hogan: Hey, John, it's a good question that's one of the things we talk about obviously here is with what we presented at the Investors conference and the new technology that we're offering, those are areas that we can really expand what we call our penetration in the marketplace and control a certain amount of our destiny. I think you know as well as know we can't fight a market from a down standpoint in the sense of that that won't affect us in some way. I would throw DSP into that whole question also because you see the continued growth in DSP and I'd say a business model change. And so those kinds of things, I feel like we can drive more demand in the marketplace as we get into 2024. I just can't preclude what that consumer sentiment is going to look like at that point in time, but it certainly gives us also the efficiency gains that we show through the software that I just talked about in my script, too, with different orthodontists that seem to be taking hold and you pick up in your surveys also, John. So we do feel good about that. It's just the uncertainty of this marketplace and it obviously surprised us coming out of the third quarter. We're going to have to get through this quarter, and as we go into 2024, we can be more specific about what we think, what that opportunity is.
Jon Block: Okay, that was very helpful. And then maybe just this might build on Brandon's question earlier, but when you guys guide, you've got almost half the quarter in the bag. So clearly things changed, notably in the last seven weeks of the third quarter. I know you guys called out Gage's September data. Joe, you referenced the October what was the 3Q deviation? I mean seems like it was largely North America. And EMEA, did APAC perform as expected, if you could answer that. And then I guess where I'm struggling is I think we all know it's not a robust consumer out there and that narrative around soft landing or not, if that holds true, but it doesn't seem like things changed all that dramatically in the last seven weeks. And so anything you can give Joe to elaborate, because clearly the exit rate in the quarter was very different than the way things started. Thank you.
Joseph Hogan: Yeah. John, you know, third quarter is I call, our most non linear quarter, and it's the most difficult to predict. And it's because it know three major components to it. One is obviously the seasonality of our European business because of the vacation base or whatever, and the way that comes back is not always consistent. And in this case, it did not come back in the way that we had hoped it would. Secondly is you count on a big China teen market. And we did well in China, I feel, from a growth standpoint, but it wasn't to a point that it could offset a slower rebound overall from a European standpoint. And the last thing is, in the United States, that lack of adult cases I mean, we did well on teen that lack of adult cases when we went into September was really felt. And so it's those three key variables that I think, is how we came out of this differently than what we anticipated as we went in.
Jon Block: Thanks, guys.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI your question, please.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. My question is so if we think about obviously we're talking about consumer weakness and sort of the cyclicalness of the business. If we think about sort of the headcount reduction and the SG&A spend can you help us parse out a little bit more about the cuts and how to think about how to sort of preserve margin as sort of we're seeing weaker demand and then how you need to invest again on the upcycle in order to continue to push penetration in what's obviously a very largely underpenetrated market over a longer period.
John Morici: Hey, Elizabeth, this is John. So as we go through our planning process, like we do every year, we're prioritizing investments that we can continue to invest to be able to help grow the business. So we look at some R&D and some of the investments we make. We have a lot of new products coming to market, as we've talked about at Investor Day. We want to preserve that flow of products. We want to make sure we're properly reaching our customers so we prioritize some of the sales and go to market activities that we have around that. But we're looking at all parts of the business to say, okay, what can we adjust? What can we make adjustments to still deliver on our priorities that we have as a business to help try to grow with the means that we've seen, but then also deliver the profitability and being able to see this margin accretion. We've seen that all year as we've gone through. And essentially what we're calling for in the fourth quarter is the continuation of that margin accretion. And that's just through a combination of just looking at those investments and making sure that we properly invest for the future.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. And maybe as a follow up, obviously I have hope for the safety of all of your employees in Israel. Can you talk about sort of the capacity of that organization if sort of things stay as they are? Is that something where you're sort of drawing down inventory elsewhere, not able to produce, if any, more details you could provide on that obviously unfortunate situation.
John Morici: Back to know we're producing over there right now. I don't give you this. It's a reasonable amount of capacity. I've had other businesses in Israel at times like this, too. Not this bad. But in those situations, I feel like where it is now, we can manage it. As we talked about in the script, if the things get worse, the war over there. We can't guarantee what we have. But we have a terrific team there, very dedicated team. They're working both sides of the angle right now. We're bringing in materials. We're converting those materials, we're shipping those out. So the business is operating fine right now, but we have to just wait in the upcoming weeks and see what develops on their homeland.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Yeah, thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Aaron Wright from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Aaron Wright: Great, thanks. I'm curious if you could break down a little bit the key components of the teen case volume trend you saw in the quarter by geography, specifically in the Americas region, and what's driving that. And I think you mentioned, like, invisalign first and how we should be thinking about visibility across that patient cohort just given you have some more inherent control over maybe that segment in this sort of environment. And then second part of my question is just more of a clarification, I guess, in terms of the fourth quarter guidance. Does it specifically assume that there's a further deterioration in the macro or just a continuation of what you saw in this September experience? And I just want to understand the buffers I guess you have in that expectation at this point. Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: As far as the teenage patients, again, we're really pleased with the growth that we saw in teens, and it's a very important teen season. I think the teens perform extremely well. We saw strength across every geography. We saw in Europe. We saw in North America. We also saw it in China. I think our portfolio helps us a lot invisalign first. We led with that. Remember, those are patients that are anywhere between six and ten years old. We really have terrific results in those areas, but also with permanent dentition. We saw some good growth, too. So overall, I feel like it's a strong indication in the sense that we're hitting the dot, in the sense of where we want to with those specific consumers, and through the advertising programs that I talked about and also through our digital platform and then the specific products, like invisalign first and then IPE that rolls into Canada. And then more broadly as we move into 2024.
John Morici: And just on the fourth quarter, Aaron really taking what we see in September continues into October, and we assume that things don't get better than what we saw in September. So it's a tough macro environment. There's less orthodontic case starts, lower patient traffic. And so we factor in all those based on what we saw, and that's what our projection is for. Q four.
Aaron Wright: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your question, please. Jeff, I don't know if you're on a speaker phone, but if you could lift the handset if that were the case. Still not hearing anything from Mr. Johnson. One moment for our next question .And our next question comes from Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. Your question, please. Still not hearing Jason?
Shirley Stacy: That's strange. We certainly will follow up with both Jeff and Jason. Operator, do you mind just going to the next question, please?
Operator: Certainly. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Rich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Nathan Rich: Great, thank you. Can you hear me okay?
Joseph Hogan: Yes.
Nathan Rich: Okay, great. Joe, you mentioned the focus on delivering improved operating margins and you guided to non GAAP margins being up sequentially in the fourth quarter despite the reduction in the revenue guidance. I guess as we think about the business going forward, should we think about that four Q margin as a good base level for the business even in an uncertain demand environment? And are there additional actions you can take on the cost side to give yourself some additional cushion for margins going forward?
Joseph Hogan: You've been watching us long enough to know that each of our quarters have a certain personality in the sense of the kind of operating profit we deliver. You can see in the fourth quarter that we feel good about where we stand right now and the levers that we can pull in order to deliver the operating margin that John talked about. So  I think you know, more than anything, I want the investors to understand that while we have this uncertain environment, from a demand standpoint, we're going to be responsible on cost. We'll invest in technology and we'll focus in those areas, but we're always looking closely in the sense of where we can rationalize, also where we can prioritize in different areas that will help in that operating profit area. John, anything you want to add on that's?
John Morici: So we'll see the benefit that we've seen all year to be able to see that operating margin improvement. But as Joe said, we're prioritizing our investments. We look at this time as we finalize our plan for next year. But we have got a lot of technology coming and we want to make sure that we're properly invested there as well as being able to deliver like we can on an margin basis.
Nathan Rich: Okay, great. And if I could just ask a follow up on the 4Q guidance for clear liner volumes. I think you had said that you don't expect improvement in adult and had talked about, I guess, modeling what you saw in September through the fourth quarter. I guess how should we think about adult cases relative to the 381,000? I guess when we take that together, given how it sounds like September shaped up, should we expect a decline off of that 381 level in the fourth quarter for the adult cases specifically?
Joseph Hogan: I think when you look at things, Nathan, like we said, teen showed up well in the third quarter. We're pleased with that. Seasonally comes down in the fourth quarter. And based on what we saw in September and so far in October, I think you would expect to see adults down as well.
Nathan Rich: Great. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard from Jeffries. Your question, please.
Brandon Couillard: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. Just a clarification, Joe or John on the adult trends and the weakness, is that predominantly in the US or is it about to extend outside the US as well? If you have any chance, you're willing to take a stab at some of the factors behind that and whether or not student loan repayments may be contributing to some of the [indiscernible] and sentiment in that customer base.
Joseph Hogan: Remember, third quarter is a big teen quarter, but adults are obviously a large component of that. We saw that adult phenomenon in North America, but we saw it across each geography.
Brandon Couillard: Okay, then just to follow up, John, on the fourth quarter, margins operating margins up with revs down sequentially, is that all coming from OpEx, or would you expect gross margins to bounce up sequentially as well?
John Morici: When we talked about down sequentially on Op margin, that was on a GAAP basis. We have some of the restructuring and other things that include we expect sequential improvement on a non-GAAP basis from Q3 to Q4. And we didn't give specific gross margin guidance, but we're working to try to make sure that we work on our gross margin as well. But right now we've kind of given the guidance down to our margin.
Brandon Couillard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Mike Ryskin from Bank of America. Your question, please.
Mike Ryskin: Great. Thanks for taking the question, guys. I got a couple real quick here. First, hopefully you can hear me. First I want to ask on the right, sizing or some of the layoffs you discussed. I'm thinking back to 2020, sort of like peak COVID when everyone was panicking and some of your competitors or other players in the dental space announced some layoffs and you held fast and powered through it. And then the argument was that you saw it as being transient and you wanted to invest in growth and sort of be ready for the rebound. Just contrasting that with a decision to implement some cuts here. Does that mean anything in terms of your thoughts on the duration of the macro slowdown? Why, if this is just macro related and as you said, September slowed pretty suddenly, if there is a rebound, why not continue to invest given the balance sheet is strong, the free cash flows are strong, just sort of compare and contrast and lay out your thinking on that.
Joseph Hogan: First of all, when you go back to 2020 that you referenced, and we did power through that personally, what I looked at that is I looked at that as not an economic issue. That was obviously a pandemic kind of an issue and I think I anticipated it have a clear beginning and a clear end. And so in that sense, I think it's easier to make that decision, whether that's right or wrong, with that kind of a thought process in mind. In this case, we're seeing unprecedented change from an economic standpoint. We're seeing consumer sentiment down. I mean, I'll have to go through all the economic data. You probably know this better than me, so there's a lot of uncertainty there. But I don't want to be misinterpreted that we're going to disadvantage this company in a rebound. No way. We're going to make sure that we're responsible in the sense of the resources and the restructuring that John talked about, too. We're going to make sure that we're well positioned in the key areas, too, that if we have a rebound, we'll be able to respond with the right kind of capacity and the right kind of product. So I feel like we're balancing that well right now.
Mike Ryskin: Okay. All right. I appreciate that. And then second point, sort of piggybacking on I think it was Block's question earlier. Not going to ask you for the specifics on '24, but just thinking about this year. The price you took earlier this year certainly contributed to your revenue growth as we think forward to next year and your ability to take price again or potentially have to give price, given how much the macro has changed and how the demand dynamics have changed, how do you feel about pricing and products? Any opportunity to take that up again next year? Or on the flip side, are you potentially getting some pressure there where you might have to give a little bit?
Joseph Hogan: Mike, I appreciate the question, but as far as price goes, we wouldn't make an announcement until our doctors really know in that sense, and we're still working through 2024.
Mike Ryskin: Okay. All right, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question and answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Shirley Stacy for any further remarks.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, operator, and thank you for joining the call today. We look forward to speaking to you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings. If you have any questions, please follow up with Investor Relations Team and Jeff and Jason we certainly will get back to you after the call and speak on one and one Thanks everyone, have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.+

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, welcome to the Align Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, with Align Technology. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued second quarter 2023 financial results today via Business Wire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately one month. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on August 9th. To access the telephone replay domestic callers should dial (929)-458-6194 with access code 342791. International callers should dial 44-204-525-0658 using the same access code. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, products and outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We've posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our second quarter 2023 conference call slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide an overview of our second quarter results and discuss a few highlights from our two operating segments, system services and clear aligners. John will provide more detail on our Q2 financial performance and comment on our views for the third quarter and 2023 overall. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points, and we'll open the call to questions. Overall, I'm pleased to report another better-than-expected quarter with Q2 revenues and operating margins that exceeded our guidance. Q2 results reflect improving trends across regions, strength in teen and younger patient volumes, driven by momentum in both submitters and utilization as well as continued growth from Invisalign First. In the Teen segment, which represents the largest portion of the 21 million annual orthodontic case starts, 195,000 teens and kids started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners during the second quarter. An increase of 7% sequentially and 10% year-over-year, reflecting the highest annual growth rate in the teen segment since 2021. For Systems & Services, second quarter revenues of $169.5 million were up 10.5% sequentially and down very slightly 1% year-over-year. For Q2, sequential increases in systems and services revenues, reflects increased scanner volumes across the regions and higher services and non-system revenues, reflecting increased sales of certified pre-owned or what we call CPO scanners and higher subscription revenues. On a year-over-year basis, Q2 services revenues increased primarily due to higher subscription revenues from a large number of iTero scanners in the field. We also had higher non-system scanner revenues related to our certified pre-owned again CPOs and our scanner leasing and rental programs. For Q2, total clear aligner revenues of $832.7 million up 5.4% sequentially and 4.3% year-over-year. Q2 sequential revenue growth rate is consistent with our historical three year average and reflects growth across all regions. Q2 non-case revenues at $80 million were up 6.2% sequentially and 18% year-over-year, reflecting continued growth from Vivera retainers and Invisalign Doctor Subscription Program, or DSP, our monthly subscription-based clear aligner program. And Commerce sales for aligner-related consumables, like aligner cases and whitening and cleaning products. DSP has been successful in addressing an important and growing opportunity for experienced Invisalign doctors. It is our first subscription-based clear aligner program that enables doctors to reach new patients and provide them with a better overall experience. DSP enables doctors flexibilities to treat simple touch-up cases or offer their patients a superior, flexible, and convenient retention solution. We introduced DSP in the United States and Canada in 2021. We expanded it to Spain and the Nordic countries in Q2 2023, and we'll launch DSP in France and the United Kingdom in the second half of this year. We have also extended DSP to DSO partners who recognize the value of our Invisalign subscription aligner put model. Over the past two years, our DSP subscription program has continued to ramp and in Q2 drove strong volume growth in touch-up cases typically five to 10 stage cases of aligners. For Q2 '23, we shipped over 18,000 DSP touch-up cases in North America, up from 15,500 in Q1 '23 and more than double the case volume in Q2 '22 last year. Given its continued success and contribution to our growth this year, DSP touch-up cases are included in my overall commentary for clear aligners. Otherwise, specified in my remarks, our case volumes and metrics do not include DSP and touch up cases. For Q2, total clear aligner volumes were up 5% sequentially and up 1% year-over-year. Q2 clear aligner volumes, including DSP touch-up cases, were up 5.4% sequentially and up 2.4% year-over-year. For the Americas, Q2 clear aligner volumes reflect sequential growth across the region from both ortho and GP dentist channels, an increase in teen case starts driven by momentum from Invisalign First and increased adult patients from the GP dentist channel. In North America, adoption of the Invisalign Comprehensive three and three product drove sequential volume growth. For Q2, North American ortho utilization was up sequentially and down a fraction year-over-year, including DSP touch-up cases. Q2 North American ortho utilization was up both sequentially and year-over-year as noted in our Q2 '23 earnings slides. For EMEA, Q2 clear aligner volumes were up sequentially and year-over-year, reflecting growth across the region and continued adoption of Invisalign Moderate, Invisalign Comprehensive three and three products as well as an increase in teen case starts, which grew sequentially and year-over-year driven by Invisalign First and our new Invisalign Teen case packs. On a sequential basis, clear aligner growth was led by Iberia, Italy, DACH, and Turkey. For APAC, Q2 clear aligner volumes were up sequentially and up year-over-year, reflecting improving trends in China as well as other key markets like Japan, Taiwan, Korea and India. Q2 APAC results also reflect increased Invisalign submitters and higher utilization, especially for teen patients, driven by growth from Invisalign First in the orthodontic channel, which is especially important as we enter the China team season in Q3. Q2 APAC results also reflect growth in the GP channel with increased Invisalign submitters and higher utilization sequentially and year-over-year. During Q2, we continued to roll out the Invisalign Comprehensive three and three product in APAC, where it is now available in Hong Kong, Korea, Taiwan, and India. We plan to launch Invisalign three and three in China in Q3. We are also pleased with the additional adoption of three and three product in APAC, where the majority of cases treated are comprehensive, allowing our doctor customers more flexibility within the Invisalign product portfolio. In June, we hosted 2023 Invisalign APAC Summit in Singapore and brought together nearly a 1,000 orthodontists and general practitioners, dentists and clinic staff from 18 countries across the Asia Pacific region. The Summit showcased Invisalign and iTero products, the Align Digital platform and the recent and upcoming innovations, while also highlighting our doctors' experience with digital transformation, and how it improves the patient treatment journey. Attendees joined expert sessions focused on enhancing treatment planning efficiency, optimizing digital workflows, addressing the unique needs of teens and younger patients in exploring the essential aspect shaping today's digitally driven orthodontic practices. Teen orthodontic treatment is the largest segment of the orthodontic market worldwide and represents our largest opportunity for clear aligner sales to Orthos. We continue to focus on gaining share from traditional metal braces through teen-specific sales and marketing programs and product features unique to the Invisalign system. For Q2, total clear aligner cases for teenagers were up 7% sequentially and 9.7% year-over-year, reflecting improving trends across the regions. On a sequential basis, growth was driven by increased submitters in the APAC and EMEA regions on a year-over-year basis. TNK starts were in the APAC region, driven by increased submitters and in the EMEA region, driven by increased submitters and utilization, both in the orthodontic channel. Last year, we introduced the Teen Case Packs in the United States and Canada, and in Q1, Q2, we launched them in France, Scandinavia and Iberia. For the quarter, Teen Case Packs increased sequentially and year-over-year, driven by strength in EMEA. Invisalign First also was up sequentially and year-over-year across all regions and continues to drive adoption of Invisalign treatment among young patients. Invisalign First aligners are designed for Phase 1 treatment, typically in growing children six to 10 years old, making up about 20% of orthodontic case starts. For the dental service organizations, or DSO customers, Q2 clear aligner volumes increased sequentially primarily from the Americas region. Overall, clear aligner growth rate from DSO doctors continues to outpace non-DSO doctors and our DST touch-up cases are ramping nicely up as DSO doctors understand the value of the subscription program brings regarding pricing and flexibility for their patients. Invisalign is one of the most trusted brands in the orthodontic industry globally among both doctors and patients. On the consumer marketing front, we delivered $10.3 billion impressions and had 30.9 million visits to our website in Q2 '23. To increase awareness and educate young adults, parents teams about the benefits of Invisalign brand, we continue to invest in top media platforms such as TikTok, YouTube, Snapchat, Instagram across all markets as well as key social media influencers and brand ambassadors. In the Americas, we focused on reaching young adults as well as teens and their parents through our influencer and creator-centric campaigns partnering with leading smile squad creators, including Marshall Martin, Rally Shaw, and Jeremy Lin. Each of these creators shared their personal experiences with Invisalign treatment and why they chose to transform their smile with Invisalign aligners. Additionally, in the United States, we work closely with athletes over time, a high school sports social media platform that showcases the benefits of Invisalign treatment. Brand interest remained strong throughout the quarter with 9.2 million consumers visiting our websites in the Americas region, representing 17% growth year-on-year. In EMEA region, we partnered with new influencers to reach consumers across social media platforms, including TikTok and Meta. In Germany, we launched new testimonial campaigns highlighting the stories of 70 young adults and teens who share why they chose Invisalign treatment and how it impacted their lives. Our consumer campaigns delivered more than 1.7 billion media impressions and 9.7 million visitors to our website. We continue to invest in consumer advertising across the APAC region, resulting in more than 12 million visitors to our websites and over $4.8 billion impression. We expanded our region in Japan and India via TikTok, Meta and YouTube. We partner with key influencers like [indiscernible]. We saw increased brand interest in consumers as evidenced by 270% year-over-year increase in unique visitors to our website in India and a 46% year-over-year increase in Japan. Adoption of My Invisalign consumer and patient apps continued to increase with 3.1 million downloads to date and over 350,000 monthly active users, a 28% year-over-year growth. Uses of other digital tools also continue to increase. ClinCheck live update was used by 40,000 doctors on more than 580,000 cases, reducing time spent and modifying treatment by 20%. Invisalign practice app is increasing in adoption with 88,000 doctors who are actively using this app and 5.1 million photos were uploaded in Q2 via the Invisalign practice set. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q2 financial results. Total revenues for the second quarter were $1.002 billion up 6.3% from the prior quarter and up 3.4% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. On a constant currency basis, Q2 '23 revenues were impacted by favorable foreign exchange of approximately $1.3 million or approximately 0.1% sequentially. And unfavorably impacted by approximately $19.4 million year-over-year or approximately 1.9%. Clear aligners Q2 revenues of $832.7 million were up 5.4% sequentially, primarily from higher volumes, higher non-case revenues and higher ASPs. On a year-over-year basis, Q2 clear aligner revenues were up 4.3%, primarily due to higher ASPs, higher non-case revenues and higher volumes. For Q2, Invisalign ASPs for comprehensive treatment were down sequentially and up year-over-year. On a sequential basis, ASPs reflect larger discounts and product mix shift to lower-priced products partially offset by price increases. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in comprehensive ASPs reflect price increases and higher additional aligners, partially offset by product mix shift, larger discounts and unfavorable foreign exchange. For Q2, Invisalign ASPs for non-comprehensive treatment were up sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, the increase in ASPs reflect lower discounts, higher additional aligners, price increases, and favorable foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in non-comprehensive ASPs reflect price increases and higher additional Aligners, partially offset by product mix shift, larger discounts and unfavorable foreign exchange. In Q1 '23, we launched Invisalign Comprehensive three and three products in most markets, and we have continued to expand into more markets, as previously mentioned. The three and three configuration offers our doctor customers, our Invisalign comprehensive treatment with three additional aligners included within three years of the treatment end date, instead of unlimited additional aligners with five years of the treatment end date at the 2022 Invisalign comprehensive product price. Over time, we have come to learn that on average, Invisalign doctors complete a comprehensive Invisalign treatment with two or fewer additional aligners. We are pleased with the continued adoption of the Invisalign Comprehensive three and three product and anticipate that it will continue to grow, providing doctors the flexibility they desire and allowing us to recognize more revenue upfront with deferred revenue being recognized over a shorter period of time, compared to our traditional Invisalign comprehensive product. As revenues from subscriptions, retainers, and ancillary products continue to grow globally, some of the historical metrics that only focus on case shipments are expected to account for a lesser percentage of our overall growth. In our earnings release and financial slides, you will see that we have added our total clear aligner revenue per case shipment, which we believe to be more indicative measure of our overall growth strategy. Q2 '23 clear aligner revenues impacted from favorable foreign exchange of approximately $1.2 million or approximately 0.1% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, clear aligner revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $16.3 million or approximately 1.9%. Clear aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet increased $13 million or up 1% sequentially and $138.6 million or up 12.2% year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped. Q2 '23 systems and services revenue of $169.5 million were up 10.5% sequentially, mostly due to higher scanner volume, higher revenues from our certified preowned program and higher services revenue from our larger base of scanners sold, partially offset by unfavorable ASPs. On a year-over-year basis, Q2 '23 systems and services revenue were down 1%, primarily due to lower scanner volume and unfavorable ASPs, partially offset by higher services revenues from our larger base of scanners sold and higher revenues from our CPO and leasing rental programs. Q2 '23 systems and services revenue were impacted from favorable foreign exchange of approximately $0.1 million or approximately 0.1% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, systems and services revenue were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $3.1 million or approximately 1.8%. Systems and Services deferred revenues on the balance sheet was down $2.3 million or 0.8% sequentially, primarily due to the decrease in the deferral of service revenues included with our scanner purchase and up $8.6 million or 3.3% year-over-year, primarily due to the increase in scanner sales, and the deferral of service revenues included with our scanner purchase, which will be recognized ratably over the service period. As our scanner portfolio expands, and we introduced new products, we increased the opportunities for customers to upgrade, make trade-ins, and provide refurbished scanners for certain markets. As such, our model is changing. We expect to continue growing our programs and as offering our CPO units for purchase and selling the way the customer -- our customers desire. Developing new capital equipment opportunities to meet the digital transformation needs of our customers and DSO partners, is a natural progression for our equipment business with a large and growing base of scanner sold. Moving on to gross margin. Second quarter overall gross margin was 71.2%, up 1.2 points sequentially and up 0.3 points year-over-year. Overall gross margin was unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately 0.5 points on a year-over-year basis. Clear aligner gross margin for the second quarter was 72.4%, up 0.7 points sequentially, primarily due to the lower mix of additional aligners, favorable manufacturing variances and higher ASPs. Clear aligner gross margin for the second quarter was down 0.9 points year-over-year, primarily due to increased manufacturing spend as we continue to ramp up operations at our new manufacturing facility in Poland and a higher mix of additional aligner volume, partially offset by higher ASPs and lower freight. Systems and Services gross margin for the second quarter was 65.1%, up 3.5 points sequentially, primarily from lower service and freight costs, partially offset by lower ASPs. Systems and Services gross margin for the second quarter was up 5.3 points year-over-year, primarily from lower service and freight costs and higher services revenue, partially offset by lower ASPs. Q2 operating expenses were $541.7 million, up sequentially 2.8% and up 8.5% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were up $14.5 million, primarily from higher consumer marketing spend and higher incentive compensation. Year-over-year, operating expenses increased by $42.3 million, primarily due to higher incentive compensation and our continued investments in sales and R&D activities, partially offset by controlled spending on advertising and marketing as part of our efforts to proactively manage costs. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation, and amortization of acquired intangibles related to certain acquisitions, partially offset by restructuring and other charges, operating expenses were $505 million up 2.9% sequentially and up 8.4% year-over-year. Our second quarter operating income of $171.9 million resulted in an operating margin of 17.2% up 3 points sequentially and down 2.2 points year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating margin is primarily attributed to higher gross margin, as well as favorable impact from foreign exchange of 0.1 points. The year-over-year decrease in operating margin is primarily attributed to investments in our go-to-market teams and technology, as well as unfavorable impact from foreign exchange by approximately 1.1 points. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles related to certain acquisitions, offset by restructuring other charges, operating margin for the second quarter was 21.3%, and up 2.8 points sequentially and down 2 points year-over-year. Interest and other income and expense net for the second quarter was a loss of $0.3 million compared to an income of $1.1 million in the first quarter and a loss of $14.6 million in the second quarter a year ago, primarily due to foreign exchange. The GAAP effective tax rate for the second quarter was 34.8%, consistent with the first quarter effective tax rate of 34.8% and 35% in the second quarter of the prior year. As a reminder, in Q4 2022, we changed our methodology for the computation of our non-GAAP effective tax rate to a long-term projected tax rate and have given effect to the new methodology from January 1, 2022, and recast previously reported quarterly results in 2022. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate in the second quarter was 20%, reflecting the change in our methodology. Second quarter net income per diluted share was $1.46, up sequentially $0.32 and up $0.02 compared to the prior year. Our EPS was unfavorably impacted by $0.02 on a sequential basis and unfavorably impacted by $0.15 on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.22 for the second quarter, up $0.40 sequentially and up $0.07 year-over-year. Note that the prior year 2022 non-GAAP net income per diluted share in our prior year 2022 non-GAAP reflects the Q4 2022 change in our methodology for the computation of our non-GAAP effective tax rate. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of June 30, 2023, cash, cash equivalents and short-term, and long-term marketable securities were $133.8 billion up sequentially $112.4 million and up $56.6 million year-over-year. Of our $133.8 billion balance $314.3 million was held in the U.S. and $719.5 million was held by our international entities. In Q2, we completed a $75 million equity investment in Heartland Dental a multi-disciplinary DSO with GP and ortho practices across the U.S. During Q1 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a new $1 billion stock repurchase program to succeed the 2021 $1 billion program. Currently, $1 billion remains available for repurchase under the 2023 $1 billion stock repurchase program. Q2 accounts receivable balance was $908.4 million, up sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 81 days, down approximately two days sequentially and down approximately four days as compared to Q2 last year. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $251.9 million. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were $58.5 million, primarily related to our continued investments to increase aligner manufacturing capacity in facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures amounted to $193.3 million. Now turning to our outlook. As Joe mentioned earlier, we are pleased with our Q2 results. While the macroeconomic environment still remains uncertain, we have seen improvements in the operating environment and the consumer demand signals that influence our outlook. For Q3 2023, we anticipate our worldwide revenue to be in the range of $990 million to $1.01 billion, up approximately 12% year-over-year at the midpoint. We expect our Q3 2023 GAAP and non-GAAP operating margin to be slightly up from Q2 2023 as we continue to strategically prioritize our investments in R&D and go-to-market activities to drive growth. For full-year 2023, assuming no circumstances occur that are beyond our control, we anticipate our 2023 worldwide revenue to be in the range of $3.97 billion to $3.99 billion, up approximately 7% year-over-year at the midpoint. We also expect our full-year 2023 GAAP operating margin to be slightly above 17% and our 2023 non-GAAP operating margin to be slightly above 21%, a 1 point improvement from the guidance we provided in April of 2023. For 2023, we expect investments in capital expenditures to be approximately $200 million. Capital expenditures are expected to primarily relate to building construction improvements as well as manufacturing capacity in support of our continued international expansion. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: At our continued growth despite the economic slowdown in uncertain environment. Q2 results demonstrate our resilience and adaptability. While we cannot predict future economic conditions, we're confident in our ability to focus and execute on our strategic growth initiatives. As a leader in digital transformation, we offer a powerful suite of innovative digital tools that make up the aligned digital platform, which provides a seamless end-to-end digital experience for doctors and their patients. Innovations launched over the last year include ClinCheck live update for 3D controls. This enables doctors to generate modified Invisalign patient treatment plans in real time, reducing modifications that used to take weeks to as little as two minutes. Improving practice productivity while also improving the quality of treatment plans. Invisalign Personal Plan, or IPP streamlines the treatment planning process and helps doctors achieve their desired treatment plans more consistently and efficiently. Invisalign Smile Architect allows general dentists to integrate clear aligner therapy into their comprehensive treatment plans by combining tooth alignment and restorative planning in a single platform. Invisalign Virtual Care, equips doctor with a next generation remote monitoring solution that has new artificial intelligence assisted capabilities to streamline their workflows. Cowen being computed tomography or CVCT, enables doctors to visualize the patient's roots as part of the digital treatment planning process. Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro, expand Align's existing Invisalign outcome simulator technology and adds the benefit of the company's ClinCheck in-face visualization tool that combines a photo of a patient's face, with their 3D treatment simulation, creating a truly personalized view of how their new smile will look. Itero-exocad Connector integrates iTero intraoral camera and NIRI images with exocad DentalCAD 3.1 software, and allows dental professionals to visualize the internal and external structure of teeth. In addition to these and other incredible innovations in the coming years, we'll continue to build a digital platform and add new capabilities to improve clinical outcomes and elevate the patient experience to drive continued practice growth and positive patient experiences. Thank you for your time today. We look forward to speaking to you at our upcoming Investor Day on September 6, where we'll share with you our views about the incredible market opportunity we have and how Align is uniquely positioned to continue to lead the transformation of the digital orthodontic industry. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon guys. Hey Joe, congrats on a nice bounce back quarter here. I wanted to start really on the teen market. Obviously, that's where we all focus long-term on the business. But that 9.7% year-over-year growth, when I look back last year, it was your first quarter in a long time of negative year-over-year growth in teens. So you had a bit of an easy comp there, although, obviously, '21 was a fantastic year. So I guess I'm trying to figure out in this economy, when I think about comps from '21 that were so tough, when I think about competition that's out there, where do you think that 9%, 10% teen growth is relative to where you expect to be normalized? Are we still expecting a nice improvement of this over the next few years back to kind of mid, upper teens, something like that? I just would like to get your views on that.
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, I mean you know how important that teen market is to us, like I talked about in the script of the 21 million case starts and the majority of those 75%, 80% being teen. So I look at that sequential growth in teens is being really positive. Now we did have a good number to compare against, like you said. But when I highlighted in our -- the Invisalign First product line and how well that product is doing overall, and it continues to grow phenomenally throughout the world in all three regions that we have. Our teen packs different business models or plans that we put together, really helps with that piece, too. So Jeff, when you look at our coming technology improvements and products and those kinds of things, they're targeted really well with the teen market also. So the numbers that you mentioned about potential growth and penetration in that marketplace, in line with our investments and where we think we'll go in the marketplace. But let's be honest, it's been -- that's a struggle to get orthodontists to really move on teens. But our top docs are almost exclusively Invisalign across the board. Our job is to bring this new technology out, but also infuse it well within doctors, so they're comfortable with the work practices and comfortable with the clinical outcomes. And I feel we've made really good progress in that area.
Jeffrey Johnson: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just would like an update maybe on China. Obviously, third quarter tends to be a big teen season there, but we're also seeing some mixed macro feedback on China as a whole kind of from an overall economic standpoint. So just what's kind of current tenor of business in China? And just remind us how bad were things in third quarter last year in China, we just kind of lose track of the COVID shutdowns and all that, but should third quarter be an easy comp in China? Or were things opening back up there before we got to the beginning of this year where they shut back down again. Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. China, obviously, from an economic standpoint, Jeff, it's -- we watch that closely as everybody does, too, but we have to take it as it is right now. And we had a good quarter. We had a good start in the first quarter, too. And so we're seeing good sequential momentum, an improvement in that sense in the business overall. Obviously, when you look at the third quarter, I mean, we all know you watch our stock closely. We know the third quarter is a huge teen market in China, as I mentioned in the script, too. And we're really good on that, but we feel very confident in the sense of our positioning there and where China stands right now. I can't comment on future economic activity there with any more accuracy than you can. But what we've experienced in the second quarter and what we see going into the third, we feel good about it.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thank you.
Joseph Hogan: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Joseph Hogan: Hi, Jon.
Jonathan Block: Good afternoon. Hi, Joe. I'll start on innovation. And Joe, going into '23, you called out this year is one of the biggest for Align in terms of innovation when we think about the company's history. At the end of the prepared remarks, that was really helpful. You laid out a handful of innovations. Where are you with the next wave? And when I say the next wave, any details that you can give with paddle expansion in terms of timing in the U.S., maybe if you can elaborate a little bit on the limited rollout in Canada to date. And is there anything else that we should expect more near term, i.e., maybe next three to 12 months before some of those longer-term aspirations come into play on direct printing? And then I'll ask my follow-up.
Joseph Hogan: Jon, obviously, the Invisalign Palate Expander has come a long way. You probably get -- that we've had some four ways into Canada recently and good feedback on our product line. When we look at the investor conference coming up, we'll obviously give you a much more detailed discussion in the sense of where that product stands, and how we'll commercialize it. But overall, what I'd tell you, John, we know how to make it. We have a process that makes it. Remember, with our business though, just making it doesn't mean anything, you've got to scale this thing to million. And so that's what our focus is right now is how we scale, how we roll this out. There's obviously a lot of regulatory qualifications we have to meet in each area because it's a new device, too, but I feel good about that. And Jon, when you look our development, you know this well, you can almost draw a line between the production of product and then the software that we talked about with the software piece. Obviously, IPE represents both of those, right? It's new software and new kind of treatment planning, but it's actually a 3D-printed device that we haven't launched before. So just think about in the scale-up mode, but when we see you on September 6, we'll have many more details for you.
Jonathan Block: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe as my second question, sort of one of those famous two partners. John, to start with you, can you elaborate on the ASP for comprehensive Q-over-Q? I believe you said it was down Q-over-Q, little confused because I think you would have had the full quarter the price increase on the 3x3 and the comprehensive. So if I've got that right, maybe if you can tease out why it would have been down Q-over-Q. And then, Joe, the upside for the cases, I'm packing it around 10,000 relative to the implied guide that you gave back for 2Q. I've got the U.S. cases essentially in line with our estimate. International seems to have really been the driver of the upside. And maybe to build on Jeff's question, can you just give some more details where the outperformance was? Was it China? Was it EMEA? Where do you see maybe the better-than-expected results specific to those international regions? Thanks guys.
John Morici: Yes. Just first on the ASP, Jon. Yes, the comprehensive were down slightly, just a reflection of some of the product mix that we had as well as some of the discounts that we have partially offset by price decrease. So nothing out of the ordinary there, we actually saw an increase on a sequential basis for non-comp. But the comprehensive was just more mix.
Joseph Hogan: Jon, back to me is -- yes, you're right. I mean, when you look at from a regional standpoint, EMEA and APAC stood out. Really across the board in EMEA, I mean like I mentioned in my script, had Iberia did well. U.K. did well. The Nordic side, we just introduced DSP and different things. We're excited about those areas, too. So -- and then the teen growth there overall across those geographies was good. So I mean, it's just -- I think just good strong performance. And then when you think about the EMEA economy, too, Jon, I mean last year there was a lot of uncertainty with the Ukraine situation that hasn't gotten any better, but Europeans and the European countries, I think have solidified their economies around that. And just we're seeing some improvement from a consumer sentiment standpoint, too. So that's reflected in our numbers also. On APAC, obviously, China was good year-on-year. Japan actually was very strong for us, too, along with Korea, in different parts of Asia, as I mentioned. So it's still broadly really good improvements in both of those regions by country and also specifically in that teen segment that I mentioned. So we're seeing good improvement Jon, from a sequential standpoint.
Shirley Stacy: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Nathan Rich: Great, good afternoon. Thanks for the questions. Hey Joe, hey John. I guess, could you maybe just talk about how adult cases performed relative to your expectations, improved slightly, but I think still down a little bit year-over-year. And how are you thinking about the biggest swing factors that could impact revenue in the back half. Does the guidance kind of just reflect a continuation of the environment that you saw in 2Q? And is there any kind of part of the business that you're watching specifically, either teen versus adult or certain markets that you feel are especially big swing factors in the back half?
John Morici: Yes, I'll take that one, Nate. This is John. When you look at the commentary that we gave, we saw improving trends as we went into the second quarter. We see that in the results. And our guidance reflects that. It shows up in Q3, and it also gives us the confidence to talk to a guide for the total year. So that's how we've kind of factored things in and looking at the normal metrics in indices that help us with that. As far as adult versus teen, as we said, teen season now. We saw good results in Q2, and we expect that to continue in Q3. As we've said, China is a big market, U.S. big market in Q3, and we expect that to continue. And adults important for us, too. We have a lot of capabilities to be able to go to those general dentists and try to work where those adults might be wanting to come into treatment and be able to help provide for them as well as our orthodontists. So we feel good about the efforts that we have to try to improve both teen and adult as we go through this year.
Nathan Rich: Okay, great. And then just a clarification on the touch-up cases. So -- it sounds like that's pressuring the North America ortho utilization metric. But if you back that out, or kind of include touch up, it would have been up year-over-year. I'd just be curious to get your sense of what portion of those 18,000 touch-up cases would have been cases kind of in your view in the past prior to DSP just so we get a sense of what that shift might look like?
John Morici: Yes. So those touch-up cases, as we talked to those 18,000, those would have been -- those are the touch-up cases that would have been the lower-stage products that we had 5 stage, maybe 7 up to 10, but in that range, 5 to 10, but probably more on the low side of that in terms of the stages. And we see this great adoption with the DSP program, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, it doubled from last year. We wanted to give some commentary about how big this is becoming and show them in our kind of our discussion about the year-over-year, and the sequential and so on. And at Investor Day in September, I'll give a lot more detail about kind of where it came from, how it's become more and more important and what it means going forward because we're going to include these cases going forward. But in the end, we see in all cases where we see -- we've seen the DSP program, it drives incremental volume for us. Those doctors continue to do those comprehensive cases that we see, but those doctors are also doing these low stage touch-up cases as well as retention. And we think that's a good thing for our doctors.
Nathan Rich: Great, thank you.
John Morici: Thanks, Nate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Vazquez with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Joseph Hogan: Hi, Brandon.
Brandon Vazquez: Hello, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow-up first on the DSP program. If we're doing our math correctly, it seems like most, if not all of the year-over-year increase in case volumes is actually coming from the DSP program. So one, is that correct? And two, maybe if it is, can you talk about where do you think the mix goes eventually to DSP? And is DSP at this point accretive to your case volumes? Or are you seeing accounts kind of switch what they would have been doing as kind of normal base volumes into DSP?
John Morici: We're actually seeing DSP as accretive. So we're not seeing -- we're seeing -- fundamentally, we're seeing doctors who were either making them themselves or going to lab or other ways of making the Aligners actually switching over and continuing to give us those comprehensive cases, but then they're also now giving us the DSP cases. Remember, most of DSPs, the majority of DSP is retention, and it's the retention that we're providing. But then a subset of that is these touch-up cases and like I said, about 18,000 or so. And what we've also commented to it would have -- it would have helped us by about 1.5 points on an overall basis. So we reported our volumes up about 0.9%. And they would have been up 1.5 points on that to 2.4%. So it's accretive no matter how we look at it, and it's certainly accretive from a standpoint of the margin that it generates. It's generating some of the highest margin from our product portfolio that we have because the cost to serve is very straightforward for us. There's no additional liners or anything else. So we recognize all the revenue as soon as we ship without additional aligners related to that.
Brandon Vazquez: Okay. And then one other second on......
Joseph Hogan: Other clarification on your question was whether you put DSP or not, we were up year-over-year in our numbers.
Brandon Vazquez: Got it.
Joseph Hogan: So sequentially not sure -- go ahead.
Brandon Vazquez: Got it. That's helpful. The next question is just on teens. I think, Joe, you had said a little earlier, a little frank about there's hurdles within the teen market and kind of pushing that share into existing accounts to get a little deeper -- can you guys just talk about what are kind of the top hurdles right now? Why has it been a little bit tougher to get the incremental share in the teen market? And what are you guys kind of focused on in the next six to 12 months to push that share forward? Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: Hey Brandon, in general, when you look at orthodontic workflows, if they're not completely digitized in the sense of what they do and you're kind of in a down cycle right now with orthodontists and their challenge. They feel like on a wire bracket side, they can just make more money with wires and brackets versus Invisalign because the raw material costs are 3.5x. Now if you're fully digitized your workflows and everything else, obviously, you make more money with Invisalign. But I think in these kind of challenging economic times, it's just more difficult to move the orthodontic community over to the clear aligner piece because they're just used to the workflow of what we have with versus wires and brackets. I can say Invisalign First seems to be an exception to that. In the sense of how Phase I kind of patients are treated. That's not a constant when you look at what's going on in the orthodontic industry. But we see a lot more interest in Phase I with Invisalign First than we thought before. I think that's going to help to be a span breaker for us in this whole thing. In the future, there's no doubt to us in the sense that clear aligners of the future, no white spot lesions, obviously six months faster than a normal kind of a treatment, much easier for patients. We know all those things. When you ask what the biggest issues are, they're not basically clinical anymore. It's about workflow, workflow and confidence in orthodontic practice.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi guys. Congrats on the quarter and thanks so much for the question. One, this -- don't take this as a complete because I'm very happy that we have full-year guide. What I was -- wanted to ask was like what -- did you guys see sort of in the end markets or in your -- the visibility of your results to the macro picture that made sort of this time the right time to kind of move on from what we've had in the quarterly guide, the last couple of quarters into this sort of longer guidance.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I'll give you the high-level view, and I'll turn it over to John, Elizabeth for the ground thing. But I mean, obviously, we had a good second quarter, and we feel we can see through to the third quarter whatever. At that point, too, like we said, with the qualifiers is continued economic situation that we see now, we feel confident just based on what we understand from a cyclical standpoint to be able to call the fourth quarter. And so look, we're still in very difficult economic times and uncertain times. But with the second quarter out of the way and with what we talked about improvement, particularly in a sequential sense, we just felt like I mean we're going to give it to you, you're going to make it up. So we might give the best guess we have. But John can give you more.
John Morici: Yes look, I can't add much more to that. We've got now a couple good quarters behind us. We've seen stability kind of turning to improving trends. It's a good position to be in. We continue to see that into the third quarter. As Joe said, it's not great, but it's better than it has been from an overall economic standpoint. And so based on the order trends and kind of how things are looking, we felt comfortable about Q3 and translate that to total year as well.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. And just as a follow-up, are you guys taking any different approach to sort of like, sales either so from like a personnel perspective or a focus versus earlier in the year? I know sometimes you guys have sort of been ramping reps. And then that had sort of flatlined. So I just wanted to understand sort of like how you're thinking about that as we go into the balance of the year and sort of set up for 2024?
Joseph Hogan: Elizabeth, I'd say our sales practices are consistent and dynamic in the same way, consistent in the sense of the number of salespeople we have, how we train those salespeople, how they go to market. We obviously offer different products in different areas. We split up orthodontics salespeople and general dentistry salespeople specifically because it's just a different kind of a call. So there's no I'd say, big change in the sense of how we go to market. And obviously, our iTero sales force works really closely with the Invisalign sales force and overlaps in some areas. But I might be missing your question, but there's no, I'd say, material changes going on from a sales as salespeople, a number of salespeople standpoint and specifically the way we approach the market.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Ryskin: Thanks for taking the questions. I got a couple of quick ones. One is well, actually kind of related. One is just related to the results, 1Q to 2Q and sort of your outlook for 3Q -- just sort of a yes or no question. Is it safe to say that you're kind of back to the usual seasonality you've seen historically, it's been a little volatile for the last couple of years, but it seems like we're setting the back in that routine. Is it safe to say that, that should be our base case approach going forward?
John Morici: Well, I think what we see is in terms of our Q2 to Q3 guide, that is more of a typical seasonality flat to slightly up from Q2 to Q3. So that's -- that is that how that goes going forward. I think given the commentary that we've given just the overall macro uncertainty, we're not ready to say that. We're completely back to normal seasonality. But what we see in the short term here in the guidance that we gave that reflects that.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. And then the second one would be on the Analyst Day. I mean, a couple of pieces there. One is, could you just what goes into the thought process that now is the right time to have the Analyst Day. As you say markets are still pretty uncertain. There's still some volatility, visibility is not fully back. So kind of what goes into that decision? And then related to that, the long-term guide, is that something you're going to be addressing just as we start thinking about modeling 2024 and going forward from there?
Joseph Hogan: We usually do this about every two years, Michael. It is a really sophisticated algorithm we use to figure that out, but it's about every two years. And we think it's just about time for that, too, from the standpoint of just to reinitiate the investor base in the sense of where we're investing, how we see the marketplace. And just a good summary of a lot of the questions that have been asked.
Michael Ryskin: Got it.
Shirley Stacy: Yes, sorry. Is there one more question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Joseph Hogan: Hi, Jason.
Jason Bednar: Thanks. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions guys. I wanted to touch on a few things that stood out to us in the quarter. Maybe first, just the combination of a sequential increase in doctors you ship to plus higher utilization across all channels that you serve again, always good to see that combination come together. I know you don't provide the granularity anymore on doctor shipped across the U.S. or international markets. But -- just I guess, directionally, are you able to specify whether the increase in doctors is exclusive to China coming back online and expansion in APAC? Or did you see an increase in users in your North American channels and EMEA channels as well?
John Morici: Yes, Jason, you're right. We don't give that level of detail, but we saw more doctors that we ship to in APAC related to China, as you said, and we saw it in other regions as well. So we are pleased with the number of doctors that we're shipping to. It's a reflection of our products. And what they want to do and then as well, being able to be up on a utilization basis is a good metric as well.
Jason Bednar: Okay. I guess maybe just to follow-up there, John, real quick. Can you confirm whether or not you saw that increase in North America in Orthos or GPs or both?
John Morici: Yes, we saw improvement for North America as well.
Jason Bednar: Okay, all right. Great. And then I know we got some good details on some of your APAC markets, including China. But I guess wondering if you can talk about just monthly cadence of U.S. trends throughout the quarter and maybe even here in July. Some of the work we've done shows that there's maybe a bit more mix trends in April and June, May was pretty strong. I guess just wondering how that drives what you were seeing in your case shipment trends throughout the quarter? And then same question for EMEA, if you could elaborate just on how the quarter unfolded in that region? Thank you.
John Morici: Yes. We're really not giving -- like -- I don't really want to get into the month-by-month activity. I think the results kind of show where they were, Jason, and then it also kind of reflects what we've been able to give from a guidance standpoint as well. But without getting into months by country and region and so on, it gets a little difficult to give that level of detail. But I think the results that we have for Q2 and what we've talked about how the sequential improvement and what we were able to see on a quarter-over-quarter basis and what it means for the guidance kind of speak to that.
Jason Bednar: Okay, fair enough. Thanks.
John Morici: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brandon Couillard: Hey thanks guys.
Joseph Hogan: Hi, Brandon.
Brandon Couillard: You mentioned scanner ASPs as a bad guy in terms of segment gross margin sequentially and year-over-year. Joe, could you just talk about the competitive environment and whether you're seeing pricing pressure intensifying, just your macro view there would be helpful. Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I wouldn't call it, a bad guy. I think what we tried to communicate was, we have a mix in there that's from a price standpoint. We feel good about our upper-end product line and the prices we're able to get for a 5D Plus and 5D Flex and it's a premier scanner in the marketplace. As you mentioned before and as you know, I mean, there's a certain sensitivity in the marketplace about these kind of capital expenditures in a dental office when a lot of the economics are challenged right now in the orthodontic and in dental side. So we see that. But despite that, you could see we turned really good numbers around. Our CPOs help us to fight on the lower end. CPOs are the certified preowned that allow us to go down market if we have to. And obviously, when you look at the marketplace, it's pretty -- if you have the -- what we would call the confocal imaging scanners, like that we lead with. And then there's products like Metadata whatever they try to take the low end and whatever. But we feel -- I feel good about our capability, our value proposition, and I think our numbers reflect that this quarter and in the past too. So I'm not saying there's not a competitive environment. I just feel we have a superior product line, and then we have a good value stream that we offer from a standpoint of the integration with Invisalign through iTero and then [indiscernible].
Brandon Couillard: Great. And John, you mentioned freight costs coming down year-over-year as a positive tailwind to gross margins. I think first time in a while. I think that's been the case. Do you expect that to be sustainable over the next several quarters? And any color on how we should about gross margins in the second half of the year relative to 2Q base?
John Morici: I think it's a reflection of just it's freight, but maybe some of the material costs and others that as we manage things, manage our business and we see less inflationary pressure from kind of the raw material/freight and other inputs. And we're always driving productivity. We're always trying to be improve our productivity. We saw that in some of our gross margin improvements, both for clear aligner and the scanner and services. And we'll work to continue to manage it. But seeing some of those pricing pressures, the input pricing pressure come down that continues.
Brandon Couillard: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I will now hand the call back over to Shirley Stacy for closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, everyone, and thank you again for joining us. We look forward to speaking to you at any financial conferences and industry meetings. And as Joe mentioned, Align is hosting its 2023 Investor Day, September 6 in Las Vegas. For more information, please visit our Investor Relations page on aligntech.com. Or if you have any questions, please contact Investor Relations. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference, and you may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, welcome to the Align First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. Please note, this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, with Align Technology. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued first quarter 2023 financial results today via Business Wire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately one month. A telephone replay will be available by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern time on May 10. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 833-470-1428 with access code 635629. International callers should dial 44-204-525-0658 using the same access code. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation if applicable. And our first quarter 2023 conference call slides on our website under Align quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide an overview of our first quarter results and discuss a few highlights from our two operating segments, Systems and Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our Q1 financial performance and comment on our views for the second quarter in 2023. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. Overall, I'm please report better than expected first quarter revenues and earnings. The sequential increase in first quarter revenues of 943 million reflects stability across all regions for Clear Aligner business and favorable average selling price for the Clear Aligner and Systems and Services segments. Q1 sequential growth reflects an increase in non-case revenues, which also increased year-over-year driven by continued growth from our Invisalign Doctor subscription program the Vivera Retainers. And the team segment, which represents the largest portion of the 21 million annual orthodontic case starts 182,000 teens and kids started treatment with Invisalign Clear Aligners during the first quarter, increasing both sequentially and year-over-year, which is encouraging as we head into the important summer season for teens and kids. Overall, remain confident in our large underpenetrated market opportunity globally. And our ability to deliver digital products and technology that are helping doctors transform smiles and change lives for millions of people. Processes and services in Q1 revenues of 153.3 million were down 9.7% sequentially, and 6.2% year-over-year. As expected Q1 systems and services revenues decreased sequentially consistent with seasonal capital equipment cycles compared to Q4. For Q1 system and services revenues were sequentially lower primarily in the Americas and APAC regions, offset somewhat by an increase in EMEA. For non-system scanner revenues Q1 was up sequentially in year-over-year, reflecting increased scanner rentals, upgrades and certified pre-owned or CPO leasing programs to one CPO sales and food initial shipments of leasing units to desktop metal, who's supplying iTero element flex scanners to desktop labs. One of the largest lab networks in the United States serving general dentists. On a year-over-year basis Q1 services revenues increased primarily due to higher subscription revenues resulting from the large number of iTero scanners in the field. We also had higher non-systems revenues related to our scanner leasing and rental programs previously mentioned. The Q1 total Clear Aligner of revenues of 789.8 million was up sequentially and down year-over-year. Q1 sequential revenue growth reflects increases across the regions driven by price increases favorable foreign exchange and more additional liners. Q1 non-case revenues were up sequentially and year-over-year, reflecting continued growth from DSP, Vivera Retainers in commerce sales, which include everything from a liner cases to whitening and cleaning products. DSP has been very successful and enabling doctors to purchase aligners on a subscription basis, giving them flexibility to treat simple touch up cases, or offer their patients a superior flexible and convenient retention solution. We introduce DSP in North America during the pandemic, and are continuing to expand DSP offerings in the main region. The contribution of DSP to non-case revenues is important to understand, especially the impact overall Clear Aligner volumes. While we don't report the number of DSP, Clear Aligners shipped, and we don't include them in our total Clear Aligner volumes, if we were to calculate an equivalent case shipment for touch up patients, using our DSP aligners, we estimate those cases would increase approximately 25% sequentially. Q1 call total Clear Aligner volumes of 575.4,000 were down slightly sequentially reflecting stability across regions, and improvements in consumer confidence, as well as the easing of COVID restrictions recently in China. For the Americas Q1 Clear Aligner volumes were up slightly sequentially reflecting higher orthodontic cases, especially teen case starts with growth in both Invisalign Teen case packs and Invisalign First treatment for kids as young as six, offset primarily by a decrease in adult patients from the GP dental channel. Based on the most recent gauge practice analysis tool that collects and consolidates data from approximately 700 ortho practices in North America, overall, new patient flow and adult exams were lower this period while teens outpaced adults. During this period, wires and brackets cases continue to grow ahead of Clear Aligners, although at a slower rate than in recent quarters. And Invisalign cases outpaced other Clear Aligner brands. The gauge report also included a few data points regarding no shows which are exam schedule, which we believe may provide insight into consumer sentiment and macro conditions. Regarding no shows, over the last 12 months, there's been a large increase in the number of patient no shows. However, that rate appears to be stabilized. Conversely, over the last 12 months, future exams scheduled were negative year-over-year, but the rate has steadily improved in the most recent months covered by the report, which we believe may be a good gauge for consumer optimism. For EMEA, Q1 Clear Aligner volumes include strong adoption of Invisalign moderate across the region in both the adult and team segments. Invisalign Moderate Package's a 20-stage treatment option designed for patients whose treatment goals fall between the existing Invisalign Light and Invisalign comprehensive packages. For APAC, Q1 Clear Aligner volumes reflect improvement in China and continued growth in markets like Japan, Korea and India with positive year-over-year growth, including teams. Teen orthodontic treatment is the largest segment of the orthodontic market worldwide and represents our largest opportunity for Clear Aligner sales to orthos. We continue to focus on gaining share from traditional metal prices through teen specific sales and marketing programs and product features, including Invisalign First for kids as young as six, which is up sequentially across all markets. For Q1, total Clear Aligner cases for teenagers were up sequentially and year-over-year, reflecting improving trends across the regions. On a sequential basis, growth was driven by increased submitters in the APAC and Americas region. On a year-over-year basis, teen case starts were up in EMEA region by reflecting increased utilization and the recent introduction of Invisalign moderate across the region, which outpaced the year-over-year growth rate of Invisalign First, which also continues to perform very well across markets. Invisalign First was also up sequentially and year-over-year across all regions. Invisalign First is designed to treat a broad range of -- issues in growing children from simple to complex. And because Invisalign First is removable, it's easier for kids to brush and flows. There's also no discomfort from rubbing braces or poking fires for metal braces. These benefits, along with positive compliance experience, may also contribute to continued momentum for Invisalign First. In fact, the majority of surveyed Invisalign orthodontists agreed that their young patients are highly compliant with Invisalign First treatment. Understanding that younger kids are highly compliant and Invisalign First provides an opportunity to sort of overall practice growth. The Q1 Clear Aligner volume from dental service organizations, or DSO customers continue to outpace non-DSO customers. Q1 Clear Aligner volume from DSO customers increased sequentially, reflecting growth in the Americas region. DSOs make up approximately 20% of the dental market and represent one of the most important channels for digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry. Through their network of doctors and systematic approach to clinical education and practice management, DSOs are uniquely positioned to drive adoption of new technologies and tools that increase practice efficiency and profitability and deliver a better patient experience. We have well-established relationships with many DSOs, especially in the United States, with DSOs such as Smile Docs and Heartland Dental. And we are continuously exploring collaboration with others that drive adoption of digital dentistry. Each DSO has a different strategy and business model. And our focus is working with them and encouraging DSOs align with our vision, strategy and business model goals. One of the most digitally minded DSOs is Heartland Dental. And today, we announced a $75 million equity investment in Heartland. Heartland is a multidisciplinary DSO with GDP and ortho practices across the U.S. Their growth strategy includes Heartland's de novo dental practices, which feature modern technology, are located in areas with strong community need for dentistry, where Heartland provides practices with opportunities for mentorship, leadership training and continuing education. In the last three years, Heartland opened 188 state-of-the-art de novo practices across the United States and are planning to continue investing through more de novo openings. We have a shared sense of purpose with Heartland. Their mission is to help doctors and their teams deliver the highest quality digital dental care to the communities they serve. The ban creation remains an important strategic growth driver, and we continue to invest in consumer marketing programs that create awareness of the Invisalign system and that drive demand to Invisalign practices. In Q1 '23, we delivered 7.8 billion impressions and had 22.1 million visits to our websites and continue to invest in top media platforms such as TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram and YouTube across markets. For more details on our programs and key Q1 performance metrics, please see our presentation slides on our website. We're also developing digital tools and apps for consumers, patients and for doctors. The Q1 adoption of the My Invisalign consumer and patient app continue to increase with 3.1 million plus downloads to date and over 350,000 monthly active users, representing 28% year-over-year growth. Usage of our other digital tools includes ClinCheck, Live Update, which is used by 38,000 doctors to reduce time, spent modifying treatment plans of up to 13% and Invisalign practice app with 58,000 doctors actively using this feature and uploading more than 5.1 million photos to date. Finally, in addition to our focus on consumer marketing and digital tools, we're committed to driving excellent treatment and align innovation through industry and align hosted clinical education events. Our team has just participated in the annual AAO conference, which took place in Chicago, where we engaged with a broad range of orthodontists. In March, we participated in IDS in Cologne, Germany, one of the largest dental shows in the world focused on digital dentistry and the technologies shaping the industry. Earlier in the quarter, we hosted the second align's symposium on the digital practice, a smaller align event from the most engaged in experience Invisalign orthodontists in the world. It was an amazing opportunity to come together with long-term global partners and thought leaders in orthodontics to see how we are driving the digital transformation of dentistry together. By our participation in each of these events and opportunities, we continue to reinforce the importance of peer-to-peer clinical education and our investments in the orthodontic specialty. We are grateful for all of our customers, GP, orthodontists, corporate practices but we know that the orthodontic specialty leads the way in adoption of digital orthodontics. We are excited about the future we see them in the orthodontic profession. Align abruptly supports the orthodontic profession through education, grants and continued innovation. Our educational pathway was created to support recent graduates, and we career doctors at critical career transition points. As a result of schooling and early career initiatives, graduates will be educated on digital dentistry and digital orthodontics, connected with and supported by colleagues more experienced ortho experts in the Align team and engaged with Align Digital Platform. Align supports doctors throughout all stages of their career, from educating facilities at dental schools and orthodontic programs to education for residents. Early to mid-career providers and more seasoned professionals looking to expand their clinical capabilities and practices. Align is expanding its global footprint of education centers to provide a forum for hands-on learning and continued development in key cities across our regions. We are also focused on continuing to innovate in digital dentistry, scaling capacity to manage the millions of digital requests, patient scans and orders flowing through our systems, while also using technologies like AI and machine learning to increase efficiencies, speed treatment planning and quickly deliver products so patients can begin to pass to transforming their smiles. In the next one to two or three years, Align believes our newest technologies and innovations will revolutionize our existing offerings in the ways in which doctors and their patients experience orthodontic treatment. Together with our customers, we are developing the future of digital dentistry and digital orthodontics not just the technology that drive treatment, but the models reshaping how we interact with customers and deliver treatment experiences for their patients. We look forward to sharing more with you in the coming months. With that, I'll now turn it over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q1 financial results. Total revenues for the first quarter were $943.1 million, up 4.6% from the prior quarter and down 3.1% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. On a constant currency basis, Q1 '23 revenues were impacted by favorable foreign exchange of approximately $25.8 million or approximately 2.8% sequentially and unfavorably impacted by approximately $34.9 million year-over-year or approximately 3.6%. For Clear Aligners, Q1 revenues of $789.8 million were up 7.9% sequentially primarily from higher ASPs and higher non-case revenues, partially offset by lower volumes. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 Clear Aligner revenues were down 2.5%, primarily due to lower volumes, lower ASPs, including unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by higher non-case revenues. For Q1, Invisalign ASPs for comprehensive treatment were up sequentially and decreased slightly year-over-year. On a sequential basis, ASPs reflect price increases, favorable foreign exchange and higher additional liners, partially offset by product mix and larger discounts. On a year-over-year basis, the ASPs for our comprehensive treatment were almost flat, primarily due to product mix shift, unfavorable foreign exchange and higher discounts, mostly offset by price increases and higher additional aligners. For Q1, Invisalign ASPs for non-comprehensive treatment were up sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, the increase in ASPs reflect price increases, favorable foreign exchange and higher additional aligners, partially offset by higher discounts. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in ASPs reflects price increases and higher additional aligners, partially offset by product mix shift, unfavorable foreign exchange and higher discounts. During the quarter, we launched Invisalign Comprehensive three and three product in most markets. The three and three configuration offers our doctor customers our Invisalign comprehensive treatment with three additional aligners included within three years of treatment end date. Instead of unlimited additional aligners within five years of the treatment end date. At the 2022 Invisalign comprehensive product price, over time, we have come to learn that on average, Invisalign doctors complete a comprehensive Invisalign treatment with less than two additional aligners. We are pleased with the initial adoption of the Invisalign comprehensive -- and anticipate that its impact will be more meaningful, providing doctors the flexibility they desire and allowing us to recognize more revenue upfront with deferred revenue being recognized over a shorter period of time compared to our traditional Invisalign comprehensive product. As revenues from subscription retainers and other ancillary products continue to grow globally, some of the historical metrics that only focus on case shipments are expected to account for a lesser percentage of our overall growth. In our earnings release and financial slides, you will see that we have added our total Clear Aligner revenue per case shipment, which we believe to be more indicative measure of our overall growth strategy. Clear Aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet increased $32 million or up 2.6% sequentially and $150.9 million or up 13.6% year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional aligners per shipping. Q1 23 systems and services revenue of $153.3 million were down 9.7% sequentially primarily due to the seasonally lower scanner volume, partially offset by higher services revenues from our larger base of scanners sold, higher revenues from our CPO and leasing rental programs and favorable ASPs, down 6.2% year-over-year primarily for the reasons just stated. Q1 '23 systems and services revenue was impacted from favorable foreign exchange of approximately $4 million or approximately 2.7% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, System and Services revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $5.8 million or approximately 3.6%. Systems and Services deferred revenues on the balance sheet was down $2.2 million or 0.8% sequentially, primarily due to the decrease in scanners sales and deferral of service revenues included with the scanner purchase and up $24.2 million or 9.8% year-over-year, primarily due to the increase in scanner sales and the deferral of service revenues included with the scanner purchase, which will be recognized ratably over the service period. As our scanner portfolio expands and we introduce new products, we increased the opportunities for customers to upgrade, make trade-ins and provide refurbished scanners for certain markets. As such, our model is changing. We expect to continue to roll out programs such as our certified pre-owned leasing and rental offerings -- by possibly leveraging our balance sheet and selling the way our customers desire. Developing new capital equipment opportunities to meet the digital transformation needs of our customers and DSO partners is a natural progression for our equipment business with a large and growing scanner sold. Moving on to gross margin, first quarter overall gross margin of 70%, up 1.5 points sequentially and down 2.9 points year-over-year. Overall gross margin was favorably impacted by foreign exchange by approximately 0.8 points sequentially and unfavorably impacted by approximately 1.1 points on a year-over-year basis. Clear Aligner gross margin for the first quarter was 71.7%, up 0.9 points sequentially due to higher ASPs, partially offset by higher manufacturing absorption. Clear Aligner gross margin for the first quarter was down 3.1 points year-over-year, primarily to lower ASPs, increased manufacturing spend as we continue to ramp up operations at our new manufacturing facility in Poland and a higher mix of additional aligner volume. Systems and Services gross margin for the first quarter was 61.6%, up 2.8 points sequentially primarily from increased manufacturing efficiencies. Systems and Services gross margin for the first quarter was down 1.8 points year-over-year due to lower volumes, partially offset by higher services revenues and ASPs. Q1 operating expenses were $527.1 million, up sequentially 4.4% and up 3.1% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were up $22.1 million, primarily from higher incentive compensation and consumer marketing spend partially offset by restructuring and other charges not recurring in Q1. Year-over-year, operating expenses increased by $15.9 million, primarily due to higher incentive compensation and our continued investments in sales and R&D activities, partially offset by controlled spending on advertising and marketing as part of our efforts to proactively manage costs. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation and amortization of acquired intangibles related to certain acquisitions, partially offset by restructuring and other charges, operating expenses were $490.5 million, up 6.7% sequentially and up 2.1% year-over-year. Our first quarter operating income of $133.5 million resulted in an operating margin of 14.2%, up 1.7 points sequentially and down 6.2 points year-over-year. Operating margin was favorably impacted by approximately 1.5 points sequentially, primarily due to foreign exchange and higher gross margins. The year-over-year decrease in operating margin is primarily attributed to lower gross margin. Investments in go-to-market teams and technology as well as unfavorable impact from foreign exchange by approximately two points. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles related to certain acquisitions, offset by restructuring and other charges. Operating margin for the first quarter was 18.5%, up 0.2 points sequentially and down 5.5 points year-over-year. Interest and other income and expense net for the first quarter was an income of $1.1 million compared to an income of $2.7 million in the fourth quarter and a loss of $10.6 million in the first quarter a year ago, primarily due to net foreign exchange gains from the strengthening of certain foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar. The GAAP effective tax rate in the first quarter was 34.8% compared to 63.8% in the fourth quarter and 28.4% in the first quarter of the prior year. The first quarter GAAP effective tax rate was lower than the fourth quarter effective tax rate, primarily due to increased earnings in low tax jurisdictions in Q1 2023 and an audit settlement in Q4 2022. As a reminder, in Q4 2022, we changed our methodology for the computation of our non-GAAP effective tax rate to a long-term projected tax rate and have given effect to the new methodology from January 1, 2022, and recast previously reported quarterly periods in 2022. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the first quarter was 20%, reflecting the change in our methodology. First quarter net income per diluted share was $1.14, up sequentially $0.60 and down $0.56 compared to the prior year. Our EPS was favorably impacted by $0.14 on a sequential basis and unfavorably impacted by $0.21 on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $1.82 for the first quarter, up $0.09 sequentially and down $0.43 year-over-year. Note, the prior year 2022 non-GAAP net income for diluted share in our prior year 2022 non-GAAP EPS reflects the Q4 2022 change in our methodology for the computation of the non-GAAP effective tax rate. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of March 31, 2023, cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term marketable securities was $921.4 million, down sequentially $120.2 million and down $199.2 million year-over-year. Of the $921.4 million balance, $310.5 million was held in the U.S. and $610.9 million was held by our international entities. During Q1 2023, we purchased approximately 942,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $307.74 per share for a total purchase price of $290 million, completing a $200 million accelerated share repurchase from Q4 2022, a $250 million ASR from Q1 2023 and in our May 2021, $1 billion stock repurchase program. During Q1 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a new $1 billion stock repurchase program to succeed the 2021 $1 billion program. Currently, $1 billion remains available for repurchase under the 2023 $1 billion stock repurchase program. Q1 accounts receivable balance was $884 million, up sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was $83, down approximately two days sequentially and down approximately four days as compared to Q1 last year. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $199.9 million. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $64.1 million, primarily related to our continued investments to increase aligner manufacturing capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $135.8 million. Now turning to our outlook, as Joe mentioned earlier, we are pleased with our Q1 results and what continues to be a more stable environment across all regions. We remain cautiously optimistic for continued stability, as we move through the year. However, the macroeconomic environment remains uncertain. And given continued domestic and global challenges and unpredictability, we are not providing full year revenue guidance. We would like to see consistent improvements in the operating environment and consumer demand signals before revisiting our approach. We remain focused on making investments to drive growth and penetration into a huge untapped market opportunity, including our strategic investments in sales, marketing, technology and innovation. We are confident in our ability to address the massive opportunity for digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry, with our execution centered on our strategic initiatives. With this as a backdrop for Q2 2023, we anticipate Clear Aligner volume and ASPs to be up sequentially. We also anticipate Systems and Services revenue to be up sequentially. For Q2 2023, we anticipate revenues to be in the range of $980 million to $1 billion. We expect our Q2 2023 non-GAAP gross margins to be flat to slightly up from Q1 '23, and our Q2 2023 non-GAAP operating margin to be up by approximately one point sequentially as we continue to strategically prioritize our investments in go-to-market activities and R&D to drive growth. For full year 2023, assuming no circumstances beyond our control, we reiterate our 2023 non-GAAP operating margin to be slightly above 20%. For 2023, we expect our investments in capital expenditures to exceed $200 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building construction and improvements as well as additional manufacturing capacity to support our international expansion. Finally, as it relates to the $75 million equity investment in Heartland Dental that Joe discussed, our investment is less than 5% of the Company and the line has no oversight or involvement in management of Heartland Dental or its affiliates. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, John. In closing, we're pleased with our first quarter results that reflected an environment of continued stability for our doctor customers. However, degrees of uncertainty remain from market to market. We're confident in our durable competitive advantage as we continue to transform the orthodontic industry, bringing digital dentistry and clear line of treatment to more doctors and the patients they serve, driven by our strategic initiatives of international expansion, orthodontist utilization, general dentist treatment and patient demand and conversion. We will continue to focus on the next phase of new platform innovations in scanning, software and direct 3D printing while prioritizing the needs of our customers for the ultimate benefit of their patients. We are a purpose-driven organization with a tireless commitment to transform more smiles and change more lives. We're the only digital orthodontic company in the world today with the scale and reach to address the 500 million potential people that could benefit from teeth straightening within the line system. Thank you for your time today. We look forward to updating you on our next earnings call. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: I wanted to start first maybe with the 2Q outlook. You're pointing to a sequential uplift in cases in the quarter. I think that's consistent with what we typically see in a normal year from first quarter to second quarter. I think it's normally a 5% to 10% uplift. So maybe a good sign if we're continuing to move back towards normal, I'm not sure if you're willing to touch a typical pattern there, Joe or John, just to comment on the second quarter. But regardless, can you elaborate maybe on the rhythm of activity you're seeing in the U.S. or international markets that contributing to the visibility today and calling for those improved case volumes in the second quarter?
Joe Hogan: Jason, it's Joe. First of all, I'd just describe what we have is stability right now. I mean you talk about the quarter-over-quarter seasonality of the business. We haven't really seen that for a long period of time. Obviously, that's embedded in our forecast right now. But I'd characterize again, what we're seeing right now is stability, which I feel is good in the sense that we've had such instability over the number of years. And from quarter-to-quarter, we're seeing some consistency in that sense. And I think -- in this economic environment right now with the uncertainty in different aspects going on out there, I think the stability piece and that's what we're leaning on as we move into Q2, is the right theme and the right kind of focus.
Jason Bednar: Okay. All right. Understood. Maybe to follow up and press a little bit more on maybe on the utilization side. Could you talk about maybe the puts and takes around some of the utilization metrics you're putting up here in the quarter and as we think forward in the future. It seems like that ortho channel is seeing some good uplift. The first sequential improvement we've seen in over a year. international utilization did tick lower, but I'm wondering if there's a dynamic plan out there where some of your China doctors are coming back online and starting to do cases, but not yet fully back up to normal. So maybe just curious if you could unpack what you're seeing with utilization in those two channels, the North American ortho channel, your international customer base.
Joe Hogan: Utilization statistic is, Jason, obviously, important to us. Remember, it often gets somewhat muddled in the sense of DSO aggregation and different things in different areas that we've had a report in an investment community at times. Your point on China is a good one. China was somewhat dark for us during the COVID piece, and we do see that coming back. The orthodontic piece is a good signal to. So overall, I feel good about those -- the utilization numbers. I felt obviously good about the gauge data. I hate to see the wires and brackets moving up, but you could see we outperformed on the Clear Aligner segment on that piece, too. So, we're seeing good doctor engagement and that's on both the GP side and the ortho side. I think the overall piece here is you have to look at a continued challenge from an adult standpoint, when you look at our numbers across the globe. And I think that's more reflective of the consumer index and confidence things that we've talked about in the past. And the teens in that certain window of treatment are more certain for this in treatment than some of the adults in those cases. And that addresses your question, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: So, my first question would be, I know you said China is coming back. Are you seeing that continue to sort of improve as we think about the second quarter? I mean, obviously, you're lapping some of these shutdowns last year, but I'd be curious about how that was improving. And then just to, I think you called out some broader utilization and improvements to help drive the margins higher in the second quarter and the guidance that you just gave, but could you go into a little bit more detail about what specifically is helping to push those up?
John Morici: I think, Elizabeth, I'll take the kind of the margin piece. This is John. We'll see improvements as we produce more product, sell more product. We talked about that being sequentially up from a volume standpoint and utilize our facilities, whether it's clear liner or on the Systems and Services side. So that's definitely a help. And in particular, with some of the improvements that we're seeing with higher utilization in Poland, as that plant continues to ramp up, will -- we see improvements in gross margin that way.
Joe Hogan: Elizabeth on China, I could -- it was kind of a difficult quarter in a sense of how it started. But we saw good unfolding as the quarter went forward. I'd say when I hear people say China returning, China is coming out of a COVID crisis. I think we see, obviously, across different industries. China improving in that sense, but I'd say no way is China back in the sense of we envision China four years ago or so before we went into this mess. Right now, I'd say what we've seen in China the last few months is just stability, I'd say, some stability and a more clear signal out of China than we've seen in the past, but nothing that we're ready to forecast through individual growth standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Block from Stifel. Your line is open.
Jon Block: Maybe somewhat of a similar line of the question, but I just want to stick to maybe the March quarter. So let's say, most of the 1Q '20 revenue be is specific to ASP related, if you would. So I'm curious how Invisalign cases trended throughout the March quarter. And if there's anything to call out within the different regions and how that played out, call it, from a Jan to March -- because when you do start some of the implied math based on, John, your commentary where 1Q ASP was going to land, it seems like case falls were maybe on your number prior, not ahead. So again, just any color around case falls throughout the quarter and by region would be helpful.
John Morici: John, this is John. So I would say in specific, as we said in China, we saw improvement in China. I mean it went from January with a lot of the COVID cases and February was better than January and March was better than February. We saw that. And then as Joe described, we've seen stability in a lot of the other markets where there's puts and takes, but overall, more stability throughout the quarter. And that's what kind of got us to our overall volume numbers.
Jon Block: Okay. So then I'll ask my follow-up and I'll ask my second question. I think on the initial guide, China was supposed to be down Q-over-Q, was China still down Q-over-Q, 4Q to 1Q based on your commentary? Or was that up and you gave it back a little bit somewhere else. That would just be the follow-up to the first question. The second question is just burning one on 2Q a little bit. When you say ASP up 2Q versus 1Q, is there a dart throw of maybe low single digits or 1% to 2%. I'm guessing you get the stub on the price increase. You get the full quarter in 2Q that you didn't get in 1Q. And maybe FX, as we sit here today is more favorable for the June quarter versus March.
John Morici: Yes. Thanks, Jon. Yes, on China, we didn't specifically guide for China in Q1, and it played out as we described there, but that's what we saw in China, which adds to what Joe was talking about just that stability that we saw there that we haven't seen in three years or so. On ASPs, you're right. We expect it to be slightly up over Q1. It's getting that full quarter of price change and so on the price increase we have and kind of taking the FX where it's at right now so slightly up compared to what we saw in Q1.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Following up on John's question, I think he was trying to get up the same thing. But look, I mean, revenue in 1Q came in clearly ahead of what you guys were talking about. 2Q is at least being guided above the street, which I say encouraging. You're talking about stability throughout the quarter. So I guess I'm trying to understand why isn't that translating to slightly better margins? I think your margin number in the 1Q was spot on with us. It was above the street right on what we were thinking, but your full year guidance is staying the same. And it sounds like you feel a little better about the end markets. You're definitely translating that to better revenue. I would just think even with fixed cost leverage, maybe we would have seen a little bit better margin in the 1Q and a little bit more optimistic outlook for the year.
John Morici: I think, John, when you look at -- or sorry, Jeff, when you think of the total year, there's still uncertainty in the second half. So we tried to give a good view of where we think Q2 will be based on that guidance, but they're still uncertainty in the second half. And that's why we've stayed away from that revenue guide for the total year and kept our op margin that we talked about, the non-GAAP at or slightly above kind of out there just for that uncertainty still in the second half.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. And then maybe a follow-up. I just want to make sure on DSP. I think I know the answer to this. I don't want to expose my -- pay if it is that. But I know there's commercial product in there. I know obviously, there's -- there do any cases get captured within DSP? Obviously, as DSP is growing nicely, the 575,000 cases you did this quarter, the 598,000 cases you did last year in the first quarter. If we subtracted out DSP or if that didn't exist, would those case volumes be different at all, is the down 3%, 4% year-over-year being impacted at all by more things moving to DSP? Just want to understand the impact that has as we look at these reported global case volumes.
John Morici: No, you're right, Jeff. I mean, so as DSP grows, there are some non-comprehensive typically cases that get caught in there. Those would be minor adjustments, minor movement cases that those doctors would want instead of going into a non-comprehensive case, in ordering that, they're using DSP. And so therefore, DSP kind of includes it. It's great revenue for us. It's additional revenue. That's why when you think of that other revenue piece of it. It's growing faster as DSP grows, and it's really fulfilling the way the doctors want to be sold to. But some of that case volume gets trapped within DSP.
Shirley Stacy: But Jeff, just to make sure we're talking kind of apples-to-apples, you asked if you stripped out those cases from our reported case volumes, they're not counted in the case volume is the point, and that was the comments that John made on the script about the implied impact of DSP revenue growth because those aren't counted in case shipments.
Jeff Johnson: Right. And as they're growing, then I'm assuming the 4% year-over-year case volume contraction you reported this year in the first quarter looks a little worse than it actually would have been if DSP wasn't out there. And that's what I'm trying to get at. Is there any way to quantify that? Would cases, if not for DSP, been closer to flat year-over-year? Or is there just any way to kind of guide us round about what that impact of DSP growing nicely year-over-year, but then that's capturing -- DSP is capturing more cases this quarter -- this year in the first would have then did last year in the first quarter.
John Morici: Yes. We haven't broken that out, Jeff, within DSP. But you're right. The year-over-year case volume change would not have been down by as much. It would have been more -- it would have been adjusted because DSP is growing, and there's more cases that kind of get trapped within there. But as Shirley said, we don't report those DSP cases. They're not there. They just show up in our other revenue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Vazquez from William Blair. Your line is open.
Brandon Vazquez: I think first, I just wanted to focus kind of on the adult side. The cases were down quarter-over-quarter. Those are the cases a little more exposed to the macro side. But you are also guiding to sequential improvements in volumes going forward. So just kind of curious if you can talk about that dynamic. Is team quarter-over-quarter growth enough to kind of offset that? Are you expecting adults to also improve -- just kind of any dynamics around that would be helpful?
Joe Hogan: It's Joe. Look, I think when you look at adults, I look at that as really tied to the consumer confidence indices, particularly in the western world that we can track. And look, I'm not -- we're not smart enough to project where that's going. It looks like that's stable right now, too, when you look at the way those lines are trending in the United States and different parts of the Western world. On the teen side, our second quarter is a big teen season. In the western world, third quarter is big teens for China. And so that's why we talked about it in my script is that we came out of the first quarter with really positive signs on teens. As we go into the quarter, we have some momentum in that sense. And so we stay focused on adults and we'll execute well around adults. But in teen season two, we keep a very sharp focus there because we think that demand equation is much more consistent.
Brandon Vazquez: Okay. And then maybe I'll take us a step away from kind of the near-term stuff and just talk a higher-level strategy on the DSOs. It looks like you guys are having good progress there. Can you talk about -- are there any kind of like fundamental differences of going to that market? Any commercial strategy differences? Are there potential margin benefits because you're kind of dealing with one large organization that sells to bigger accounts, anything you can call out there for us?
Joe Hogan: Yes, it's a good question. The DSOs, you're right, there's something we call OpEx, some cost aspects you don't have to have as high as the number of salespeople calling on that account, you organize resources differently to make sure you support a team like Heartland, the way they need to be supported. What's really great is a very synergistic effect, too, in the sense of how they execute on their clinicals throughout their organization from an efficiency standpoint, how to teach our doctors to use our product to enhance what their capability is in the digital dentistry side. And so -- and then obviously, we help to teach through their teachers in the sense of how we train the doctors and all. So what we really like about with Heartland, and we have a good relationship with other DSOs with Heartland is a really good focus from a digital standpoint and good execution around how they want to move that to the marketplace to their doctors. It's very professional, and that's why we've seen growth in that channel and -- we see that with Smile docs also on the orthodontic side, there are strong orthodontic DSO. And we're really, really happy to partner with them because we have the same vision and the same focus on expanding the marketplace for digital orthotics.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Rich from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Nathan Rich: Maybe going back to China, if I could. Joe, is there any way to characterize kind of where case shipments were March relative to maybe where the business was prior to the lockdowns? And can you maybe just talk generally how you feel about the consumer there and they're kind of coming out of these lockdowns willingness to spend on dental treatment.
Joe Hogan: Well, I think we're coming out of a complete blackness, okay, when you get it. So Nave's really hard to pull a signal out of all that noise, except for we had a reasonable quarter, and you can see we're predicting that in the second quarter for China. That's kind of as far as I want to go. When you think about China itself, from a consumer standpoint, you have to look at the private institution. You have to look at the public hospitals. And again, that data isn't clear enough for us in the sense of what the sustainability is on that piece. So we're just being cautious. I don't think China is going to revert back into a COVID kind of a shutdown. I think we all know that. But that economy is somewhat questionable right now in the sense of how fast it will rebound and what direction it rebounds in We're just being cautious in the sense of how we're going to forecast
Nathan Rich: Okay. Sounds good. And then, John, maybe a follow-up for you. Could you maybe just help us get a sense of where the 3x3 case penetration was in 1Q and it sounds like you're expecting a pretty meaningful step up in 2Q. I don't know if you can kind of put any numbers around that in terms of what that will do in terms of the revenue recognition that you'll get kind of incrementally relative to the first quarter as that penetration increases?
John Morici: Well, I think first off, the three and three, it's a great product that our customers want and they're utilizing and so we're happy to see in the markets that we've released good adoption started in January for us, and we saw it progressively increase as we went through -- in through the quarter. So every month got better. And it really gives doctors more options in terms of how they want to purchase our product. As I said in my remarks, many of our doctors -- most of our doctors don't do more than two refinements. So this is a product that's perfect for them, allows them to treat patients the way they can. And then from a revenue recognition standpoint, it -- because we don't have -- we have pretty much a defined number of aligners only up to three refinement. And it's over a three-year period. So we're able to recognize revenue over a shorter period of time and the adoption of this as well as other factors are in the overall Q2 guide.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ryskin from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Ryskin: I want to follow up on an earlier question regarding what you saw in adult versus teens, recognize your point on adults being a little bit more consumer exposed and maybe some of that is a little bit more macro driven. But just wondering, anything you can comment to in terms of how that progressed through the quarter? Or any difference you're seeing U.S. versus Europe versus EMEA, just given anything on progression there? I think with that? Just to sort of that back to your comments on stability, it would be really helpful to bridge that.
Joe Hogan: Michael, it's Joe. I mean if anything has been consistent, we have seen the pressure on adults during this whole downturn. Now we can see pressure on teens, too, but not to the same extent. These things vary by country in Europe. There's no Europe, you have to look at by country or whatever in the United States. But in general, we see very similar trends from an adult and team standpoint, with more teen demand, not saying positive team demand, but stronger teen demand than we've seen with adults. So what we feel good about is that we're seeing decent stability in those numbers. And adult creep up a little bit. We saw our DSOs in the United States execute really well around adults, which shows you that if you have the right kind of focus, you can still have a good patient yield on the adult side, if you're working that piece. But in general, I think until we see significant economic improvement, I don't know if that adult -- teen kind of ratio in the sense that we're seeing is going to change dramatically. I think we have to see a good upturn in consumer confidence before we see that reflected in the adult volume. Doesn't mean that confidence doesn't affect teens, but it doesn't affect it to the same degree.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then on the ASP front, again, I know you guys just talked about the price hike for a while and you discussed some of the factors that led to the ASPs in 1Q and sort of out for 2Q. I'm just wondering, we've always sort of debated price elasticity or demand elasticity as it relates to price. I know there's a lot of going on that earlier this year. Just wondering if now that you've got a full quarter under your belt any additional learnings on price sensitivity in the market, ability to take more price through another price hikes. So what are your thoughts on that a couple of months in.
Joe Hogan: I think price elasticity is a good question in this marketplace. Michael, I think we've always known it's been there. I mean we see -- our competitors don't necessarily compete at all on technology, they compete on price. And then we know that it's had a certain amount of success in a certain part of the marketplace, and that will always be there. But when you look at our price increase here, and I think you're associating our price increase with price elasticity and our volume is our 3x3, which we didn't increase. And obviously, there's a limitation on additional aligners. It was really well received by the marketplace and very from a GP standpoint and ortho standpoint too. And our increase on our comprehensive was seen as fair and also the other parts, I would say -- but everybody loves a price increase, and we see our NPS score. But if I've been here long enough to have enough data points to tell you that, I think this price increase -- our pricing approach was received better by the marketplace than any other one that I've instituted since I've been here. And so, I feel good about it because I think it matched our customer expectations with what we need from a business standpoint. And so I don't think that that elasticity was negative at all in the sense with the price increases here. And most of our competitors, they are truly competitors followed in that sense with price increases, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Wright from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erin Wright: I'll ask my question both upfront here, but first on Heartland and the investment there. And how does the relationship change now with the investment? And would this constrain any future relationships with DSO partners. Did you contemplate any sort of conflict of interest that could arise there? And then second question would be on the scanner business and how we should be thinking about the quarterly progression of the segment and stability across the business? And how we're just thinking about just equipment demand trends in general overall with iTero?
Joe Hogan: Erin, it's Joe. I'll take them. On the DSO side, I don't see a conflict of all. We have DSOs that really want to address digital dentistry through digital orthodontics and we're excited about our -- obviously, our digital footprint and what we can offer from a platform standpoint. And so Heartland is helping the lead on the GP side in that sense, and I mentioned the Smile docs on the ortho side is there, too. So again, I don't expect this to be an issue within any of our accounts because we will engage with them and to help them on a demand equation if they want to be as aggressive and inconsistent and this implementation is what Heartland has been and which our docs have been, too. So -- and I don't see a conflict of interest at all. When I hear that term, my hair goes up in the year. I don't see anything that's conflicting at all. I think this is completely in line with what we believe in. We want to drive digital orthodontics as fast as we possibly can. And those DSOs and frankly, not just DSOs, just we have several doctors that have multiple practices that we engage with to try to expand those practices with them because we know they've committed to digital orthodontics and can drive those things forward. So I'd look at this as a positive statement that we're ready to engage and invest with our partners that share our vision. And then secondly, on the scanner business, I think you look at what happened between fourth quarter and first quarter. I think you have to take that in context. Fourth quarter is always a big capital equipment cycle. And first quarter is lower. This wasn't much different when you look at the numbers. When you look at our overall services business through that business because we have such a broad installed base that held up very well. So as I look at the scanner marketplace and where we stand today, I believe we have the largest installed base out there. We monetize that well from a services standpoint, we work with those accounts. When you look at our NPS scores of customers that use iTero, significantly higher customer satisfaction than ones that don't and try to use PVS impressions or something else, too. So when I look at our technology versus technology from competitors, I feel we lead, and we'll continue to lead in the marketplace. So our iTero scanner is critical for us going forward. It's a key part of our digital platform. Don't look at the fourth quarter and first quarter as any kind of a signal to say that we're losing momentum in that business. We always see that difference between fourth quarter and first quarter. John, you add anything? You...
John Morici: That's good. I mean, it's very consistent.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Kevin Caliendo from UBS. Your line is open.
Kevin Caliendo: I just want to go back to Heartland. Can you tell me how much volume you did with Heartland in '22? Is this going to potentially impact that going forward? Like is there any guarantees or any buy-ins or do you maybe more contribute to their growth as they continue to grow? And I guess the follow-up to there is, how are you accounting for this? It says less than 5% ownership. I'm assuming that means whatever runs through the P&L would be a noncontrolling interest, right? And -- or is it somehow above the line? And is this impacting margins in any way, shape or form?
Joe Hogan: Kevin, I'll take the first one. John is our expert in accounting here. I'll let them take the next one. So on Heartland, look, we don't give individual numbers like this, but you can guess Heartland is the biggest DSO in the world, and they're very effective DSO in that sense. And this is a meaningful investment, and we're seeing meaningful growth with those guys. And I think we're trying to model something, I think, of us a model. It's a good relationship and has a good trajectory from a growth standpoint. John accounting?
John Morici: Yes. In terms of the investment, less than 5%, it doesn't show up in our op margin or anything of that nature. And it's an investment that we made, and it stays on our books that way. But there's nothing that would show up in our op margin or anything else related to that investment.
Joe Hogan: Kevin, also just -- as John talking and thinking of my comment to you is your comment might have inferred something like a quid pro quo or something like that. There's nothing like that. There's no piece of that. We have a joint vision in the sense of how we can move digital orthodontics through the general dentistry, and we share that, and we're helping to invest in that so we can drive it forward. But there's no give and take in that sense. Appreciate your questions.
Kevin Caliendo: Hopefully, it's a good financial investment. You make money as well as advanced digital dentistry. If I can ask...
Joe Hogan: Follow up. Yes.
Kevin Caliendo: U.S. case growth, do you expect U.S. cases to grow year-over-year beginning in 2Q? Is that part of the assumption or how we should think about that? Can you get down to that kind of granularity, U.S. or Americas?
John Morici: Yes. We're not at the -- we're just not giving that case growth numbers, we just kind of wanted to talk sequentially, but you would expect, as we've kind of said from Q1 to Q2, we would expect overall volumes to increase sequentially as you get into teens and others, it's going to vary by region. But if you're talking specifically the U.S., you start to get into more of a teen season basis, and that's the expectation for our overall numbers.
Shirley Stacy: Yes. Thanks, everyone. We appreciate your time today, and thank you for joining us. We look forward to speaking to you at upcoming financial conferences and meetings. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference, and you may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-01 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, welcome to the Align Fourth Quarter and 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this conference is being recorded.  I will now turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, with Align Technology. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO.  We issued fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results today via Business Wire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 1 month. A telephone replay will be available by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern time on February 15. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 866-813-9403 with access code 328900. International callers should dial 929-458-6194 using the same access code.  As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation if applicable. And our fourth quarter and full year 2022 conference call slides on our website under Align quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide an overview of our fourth quarter results and discuss a few highlights from our 2 operating segments, Systems and Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our Q4 financial performance and comment on our views for 2023. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions.  You'll note that we have shortened our formal remarks in order to leave more time for Q&A. Overall, I'm pleased to report fourth quarter results that reflect a more stable environment for doctors and their patients than the recent quarters, especially in the Americas and EMEA regions, as well as parts of APAC. For Q4, trends in consumer interest for orthodontic treatment, patient traffic in doctors' practices and iTero scanner demos improved. However, the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange on our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results reduced our revenues and margins significantly.  Despite the large impact of unfavorable foreign exchange, Q4 revenues of $901.5 million, increased sequentially from Q3, reflecting growth in Systems and Services as well as a slight increase in Clear Aligner shipments. This is the first quarter in a year that our total revenues and Clear Aligner volumes increased sequentially. As we move through 2023 and hopeful that we'll see continued stability in an improving operating environment, but remind everyone that the macroeconomic situation remains fragile. Regardless, we are confident in our large untapped market opportunity for digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry. We anticipate 2023 will be an exciting year for new innovation at Align, and we'll begin to commercialize one of the largest new product and technology cycles in our 25-year history.  The Q4 Systems and Services revenue of $169.9 million were up 7.8% sequentially and down 21.3% year-over-year. On a constant currency basis, Q4 Systems and Services revenues were impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately $2.7 million or 1.5% sequentially and approximately $11.2 million or 6.2% year-over-year. For Q4, Systems and Services revenues increased sequentially, driven by growth in the Americas and EMEA regions, reflecting continued sales of intraoral scanners, especially the iTero 5D. Q4 sequential growth also reflects continued growth of our scanner rental programs as well as initial deployment of a certified preowned, what we call CPO scanner leasing rental program with desktop metal, that I'll describe in more detail shortly.  We continue to develop new capital equipment opportunities to meet the digital transformation needs of our customers, and DSO partners, which is a natural progression for our equipment business with a large and growing base of scanners sold. As our scanner portfolio expands and we introduce new products, we increased the opportunities for customers to upgrade to make trade-ins to provide refurbished scanners for emerging markets. We expect to continue rolling out programs such as leasing and rental offerings that help customers in the current macroeconomic environment by leveraging our balance sheet and selling the way our customers want to buy.  On a year-over-year basis, Q4 services revenues increased primarily due to increased subscription revenue, resulting in a larger number of field scanners. We also had higher non-case systems revenues related to our scanner leasing rental programs previously mentioned. To help accelerate the adoption of digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry, in Q4, we announced a strategic collaboration with Desktop Metal to supply iTero Element Flex scanners to Desktop Labs, one of the largest lab networks in the U.S. serving general dentists.  The iTero Element Flex is now the preferred restorative scanner for desktop labs and will connect dentists directly to a suite of offerings from desktop labs that simplifies the digital design and manufacture restorations with both traditional and digital technologies.  Our collaboration with Desktop Metal reflects our commitment to a relationship we expect will evolve and expand to being advanced restorative workflows to market. We see significant opportunities to enable dentists to use scan data directly order restorative services or printed ready digital files from Desktop Labs that can be used for 3D printing in their offices. In addition to iTero scanners, we're also excited about extending the benefits of the Align Digital Platform, including the Invisalign System and Exocad software to Desktop Labs' customers as well.  For Q4, total Clear Aligner revenues of $731.7 million were down slightly, 0.2% sequentially and down 10.3% year-over-year. On a constant currency basis, for Q4 Clear Aligner revenues were impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange of $13.4 million or 1.8% sequentially and $56.4 million or 7.2% year-over-year. Q4 total Clear Aligner volumes of $583,000 was up slightly sequentially, reflecting growth in the Americas and EMEA regions, offset by lower APAC volumes primarily in China.  For the Americas, Q4 Clear Aligner volumes were down slightly sequentially, reflecting lower ortho cases, especially teen starts as compared to the typical higher teen season in Q3. Offset primarily by an increase in adult patients from the GP dentist channel. For Q4, Clear Aligner volume from DSO customers continue to outpace non-DSO customers.  For EMEA, Q4 Clear Aligner volume increased sequentially in all markets and across products, especially recently launched Invisalign Moderate, iGO Plus and iGO Express, which enabled GP dentists to treat a broader range of cases, mild-to-moderate types of malocclusions and can easily be integrated in a wide range of restorative treatments in a dental practice. EMEA had a strong sequential growth in the teen market segment with continued demand for Invisalign Teen case packs, which are available in France and Iberia as well as Invisalign's first treatment for kids as young as 6 years old.  APAC, Q4 Clear Aligner volumes were lower sequentially due primarily to China, which continues to be impacted by COVID. In Q4, ongoing COVID restrictions and lockdowns in China persisted throughout the quarter. Outside of China, APAC volumes increased sequentially led by Japan, Taiwan, India and Southeast Asia markets.  On a year-over-year basis, Q4 Clear Aligner case volumes reflected increased shipments led by Korea, India, Japan, Taiwan and Vietnam. While the easing of COVID restrictions in China and the more recent downward trend in COVID infection rates are encouraging, many uncertainties remain, including the lingering impacts from COVID across the population and the time and effort needed to restore consumer confidence.  For the other non-case revenues, which include retention products such as our Vivera Retainers, clinical training and education, accessories, e-commerce, and a new subscription programs such as our DSP, fourth quarter revenues were down slightly sequentially and up double digits year-over-year. For retention and e-commerce products, Q4 revenues were relatively unchanged from Q3. We are pleased with our subscription-based programs like DSP, which increased sequentially and year-over-year and expect to continue expanding DSP offerings in other regions.  For Q4, the total number of new Invisalign trained doctors decreased sequentially due primarily to fourth quarter being a seasonally slower period for clinical education with holidays, et cetera, as well as fewer trainings in China and Brazil.  This was offset by somewhat significantly higher numbers of new Invisalign doctors trained in EMEA. Teen orthodontic treatment is the largest segment of the orthodontic market worldwide and represents our largest opportunity for Clear Aligner sales to orthos. We continue to focus on gaining share from traditional metal braces through team specific sales and marketing programs and product features, including Invisalign First for kids, as young as 6, which was up sequentially across all markets. For Q4, total Clear Aligner teen cases were down sequentially due primarily to the impact of COVID in China as well as seasonally fewer team starts in North America as compared to Q3.  According to the December gauge report, which tracks approximately 1,000 orthos in the United States and Canada, new patient exams for teens slowed in Q4, while new patient exams for adults improved slightly. A smaller pool of potential teen patients may put pressure on traditional orthos and cause them to go between clear aligners and wires and brackets, especially those practices that have failed to understand the significant benefits of adopting more efficient digital workflows, believing metal braces are more profitable.  In EMEA, Q4 was a record quarter for teen case starts. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 teen case starts were relatively unchanged. For Q4, Invisalign First increased year-over-year and was strong across all regions. Invisalign First Clear Aligner treatment is designed for predictive results and a positive experience while addressing the unique needs of growing children from as young as 6 to treat Phase I.  For the full year, Invisalign Clear aligner shipments for teens and young kids was approximately 733,000 cases, our teen case mix overall was a record 31% of Invisalign cases shipped for the year.  Finally, in Q4, the total number of doctors shipped was 82, 900 doctors, a slight decrease due primarily to the impact of COVID in China and off our Q3 '22 high point, which included a major DSO onboarding in North America. For the full year 2023, we also shipped to the highest cumulative number of Invisalign trained doctors over 124,000 doctors, reinforcing our commitment to doctor-directed care for Clear Aligner treatment to achieve the safest and best possible clinical treatment outcomes for patients.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Before I go through the details of our Q4 results, I want to comment on 2 items in our fourth quarter financial results. Restructuring and other charges, during Q4 2022, we incurred a total of $14.3 million of restructuring and other charges, of which $2.9 million was included in the cost of net revenues and $11.5 million included in operating expenses. Restructuring and other charges included $8.7 million of severance-related costs and $5.6 million of certain lease terminations and asset impairments, primarily related to rightsizing operations in Russia in light of business needs.  Second, non-GAAP tax rate. In Q4 2022, we changed to a long-term projected tax rate for our non-GAAP provision for income taxes. Our previous methodology for calculating our non-GAAP effective tax rates included certain nonrecurring and period-specific items. That produced fluctuating effective tax rates that management does not believe are reflective of the company's long-term effective tax rate. We have recast non-GAAP results for our provision for income taxes. Effective tax rate, net income and diluted net income per share for each reporting period in 2022 to reflect this change. We did not make any changes to the results reported for 2021 as reflecting the change in our methodology for the computation of the non-GAAP effective tax rate was immaterial to our 2021 results.  Refer to the section in our Q4 press release titled Recast financial measures for prior periods in 2022 for a tax rate change under unaudited GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation for further information.  Now for our Q4 financial results. Total revenues for the fourth quarter were $901.5 million, up 1.3% from the prior quarter and down 12.6% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. On a constant currency basis, Q4 2022 revenues were impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately $16 million or approximately 1.7% sequentially and approximately $67.6 million year-over-year or approximately 7%.  For Clear Aligners, Q4 revenues of $731.7 million were flat sequentially, primarily from lower ASPs, mostly offset by higher volumes. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 Clear Aligner revenues were down 10.3% and primarily due to lower volumes and lower ASPs, partially offset by higher non-case revenues. For Q4, Invisalign ASPs for comprehensive treatment were flat sequentially and decreased year-over-year. On a sequential basis, ASPs reflect the unfavorable impact from foreign exchange, partially offset by higher additional aligners and product mix shift.  On a year-over-year basis, the decline in comprehensive ASPs reflect the significant impact of unfavorable foreign exchange, product mix shift and higher discounts partially offset by higher additional aligners and per order processing fees. For Q4, Invisalign ASPs for noncomprehensive treatment decreased sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, the decline in ASPs reflect product mix shift, unfavorable impact from foreign exchange and higher discounts, partially offset by higher additional aligners.  On a year-over-year basis, the decline in ASPs reflect the significant impact of unfavorable foreign exchange, product mix shift and higher discounts, partially offset by higher additional aligners and per order processing fees. As we mentioned last quarter, as our revenues from subscriptions, retainers and other ancillary products continue to grow and expand globally, some of the historical metrics that focus only on case shipments do not account for our overall growth.  In our earnings release and financial slides, you will see that we've added our total Clear Aligner revenue per case shipment, which is more indicative of our overall growth strategy. Clear Aligner's deferred revenues on the balance sheet increased $56.4 million or 4.8% sequentially and $171.9 million or up 16.2% year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped.  Q4 2022 Systems and Services revenues of $169.9 million were up 7.8% sequentially, primarily due to higher scanner volume, services and exocad revenues, partially offset by lower ASPs and were down 21.3% year-over-year primarily due to lower scanner volume and ASPs, partially offset by higher services revenue from our larger installed base of scanners and increased nonsystem revenues related to our certified preowned and leasing and rental programs. Q4 2022 Systems and Services revenue were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $2.7 million or approximately 1.5% sequentially.  On a year-over-year basis, System and Services revenue were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $11.2 million or approximately 6.2%. The Systems and Services deferred revenues on the balance sheet was up $9 million or 3.4% sequentially and up $42.9 million or 18.7% year-over-year, primarily due to the increase in scanner sales and the deferral of service revenues included with the scanner purchase, which will be recognized ratably over the service period.  Moving on to gross margin. Fourth quarter overall gross margin was 68.5%, down 1 point sequentially and down 3.7 points year-over-year. Overall, gross margin was unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange on our revenues by approximately 0.6 points sequentially and 2.2 points on a year-over-year basis.  Clear Aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 70.8%, down 0.1 point sequentially due to lower ASPs and higher warranty and restructuring costs, partially offset by improved manufacturing absorption and lower training costs. Clear Aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was down 3.4 points year-over-year, primarily due to lower ASPs, increased manufacturing spend as we continue to ramp up operations at our new manufacturing facility in Poland and a higher mix of additional aligner volume.  Systems and Services gross margin for the fourth quarter was 58.8%, down 4.6 points sequentially due to lower ASPs and higher inventory costs and manufacturing inefficiencies, partially offset by higher services revenues and lower freight costs. Systems and Services gross margin for the fourth quarter was down 5.9 points year-over-year for the reasons stated previously.  Q4 operating expenses were $505 million, up sequentially 6.2% and down 3.6% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were up $29.5 million, mainly due to restructuring and other charges and our continued investment in sales and R&D activities, along with higher consulting expenses. Year-over-year, operating expenses decreased by $18.6 million primarily due to controlled spend on advertising and marketing as part of our efforts to proactively manage costs as well as lower incentive compensation, partially offset by restructuring and other charges.  On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation, restructuring and other charges and amortization of acquired intangibles related to certain acquisitions, operating expenses were up were $459.7 million, up 3.7% sequentially and down 7% year-over-year. Our fourth quarter operating income of $112.7 million resulted in an operating margin of 12.5%, down 3.6 points sequentially and down 8.9 points year-over-year. Operating margin was unfavorably impacted by 0.9 points sequentially, primarily due to foreign exchange and lower gross margin. The year-over-year decrease in operating margin is primarily attributed to lower gross margin, investments in our go-to-market teams and technology as well as unfavorable impact from foreign exchange by approximately 4.2 points.  On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, restructuring and other charges and amortization of intangibles related to certain acquisitions. Operating margin for the fourth quarter was 18.3%, down 1.9 points sequentially and down 6.4 points year-over-year. Interest and other income expense net for the fourth quarter was income of $2.7 million compared to a loss of $21 million in the third quarter and a loss of $0.9 million in Q4 of 2021, primarily due to net foreign exchange gains from the strengthening of certain foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar.  The GAAP effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 63.8% compared to 40.7% in the third quarter and 13.2% in the fourth quarter of the prior year. The fourth quarter GAAP effective tax rate was higher than the third quarter effective tax rate primarily due to decreased earnings in low tax jurisdictions as -- and an increase in the amount of U.S. minimum tax on foreign earnings.  Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 20% in the fourth quarter and reflects the change in our methodology that was discussed earlier. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 11.5% in the fourth quarter of the prior year in 2021, which does not reflect the change in our methodology.  Fourth quarter net income per diluted share was $0.54, down sequentially $0.39 and down $1.86 compared to the prior year. Our earnings per share was unfavorably impacted by $0.04 on a sequential basis and $0.22 on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $1.73 for the fourth quarter, up $0.10 sequentially and down $1.10 year-over-year. Note that the prior year 2021 non-GAAP net income per diluted share or prior year 2021 EPS does not reflect the Q4 2022 change in our methodology for the computation of the non-GAAP effective tax rate.  Moving on to the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents and short-term and long-term marketable securities were $1 billion, down sequentially $99.5 million and down $255.1 million year-over-year. Of our $1 billion balance $387.9 million was held in the U.S. and $653.7 million was held by our international entities.  In October 2022, we purchased approximately 848,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $188.62 per share through a $200 million accelerated share repurchase under our May 2021, $1 billion stock repurchase program. We have $250 million remaining available for repurchase under this program, and we plan to repurchase this remaining amount starting in Q1 2023 through either -- either or a combination of open market repurchases or an accelerated stock repurchase agreement, completing the repurchases in Q2 of 2023.  Q4 accounts receivable balance was $859.7 million, flat sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 85 days, down 1 day sequentially and up approximately 7 days as compared to Q4 last year. Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $144.7 million, Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $53.2 million, primarily related to our continued investment to increase aligner manufacturing capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $91.5 million.  We exited fiscal 2022 with a strong balance sheet, including $1 billion in cash and investments, a healthy cash flow position and no long-term debt. As we announced with our earnings, Align's Board of Directors has authorized a new $1 billion stock repurchase program to succeed the current $1 billion program. This new $1 billion program reflects the strength of our balance sheet and our cash flow generation as well as management and our board's continued confidence in our ability to capitalize on large market opportunities in our target markets and trajectory for growth while concurrently returning capital to our shareholders.  Now turning to our outlook. As Joe mentioned earlier, we are pleased with our Q4 results and what appears to be a more stable environment in North America and EMEA. We are cautiously optimistic for continued stability and improving trends as we move through the year. However, the macroeconomic environment remains fragile. And given continued global challenges in the and uncertainty, we are not providing full year revenue guidance. We would like to see improvements in the operating environment and consumer demand signals, including stability in China before revisiting our approach.  At the same time, we are confident in our large, untapped market opportunity for digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry and our ability to make progress towards our strategic initiatives. We intend to focus on the things we can control and influence, which includes strategic investments in sales, marketing, technology and innovation.  For full year 2023, assuming no additional material disruptions or circumstances beyond our control, we anticipate our 2023 non-GAAP operating margin to be slightly above 20%.  With this backdrop for Q1 2023, we anticipate Clear Aligner volumes to be down sequentially, primarily due to weakness in China from COVID, partially offset by some stability from our Americas and EMEA regions. We anticipate Clear Aligner ASPs to be up from Q4 2022, primarily due to higher pricing and non-favorable and favorable foreign exchange rates. We anticipate iTero scanner and services revenue to be down sequentially as the business follows a more typical capital equipment cycle.  Taken in total, we expect Q1 2023 revenues to be about flat to Q4 of 2022. We expect our Q1 2023 non-GAAP operating margin to be consistent with our Q4 2022 non-GAAP operating margin as we continue to make investments in R&D and other go-to-market activities.  For 2023, we expect our investments in capital expenditures to exceed $200 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building construction and improvements as well as additional manufacturing capacity to support our international expansion.  With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John. In closing, we're pleased with our fourth quarter results and the improved trends in sequential growth we saw in the Americas and EMEA regions and parts of APAC that reflect a more stable environment for doctors and their patients. While still very early and many uncertainties remain, we're hopeful that we'll see continued stability across the business and regions, especially in China. As we continue to work through these challenges, we're confident in our ability to focus on our customers and deliver key technology and innovation that furthers our leadership position in digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry.  We are balancing investments to deliver shareholder value through transformative digital orthodontic solutions unique to Align. Align is a purpose-driven business, and we are committed to helping doctors transform smiles and change lives of millions of people around the world.  Over the last year, we have flooded our customer base with a lot of new technology that represents one of the largest new product cycles in our history. But there is still a great deal of room for innovation. In the next 1 to 3 years, you should expect to see new platforms from us that will continue to revolutionize doctors' practices and patients' expectations for doctor-led treatment. And scanning, making it simpler and faster. In software, saving both doctors and patients more time with improved clinical outcomes. In direct 3D printing, an evolution in both product and material science.  These 3 platforms will give doctors tools only dreamt of before with a singular focus to make the Invisalign system the standard of orthodontic and restorative care, and we couldn't be more excited about it. Thank you for your time today. We look forward to updating you on our next earnings call.  Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first call is from Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Joe and John, congrats on seeing the stability return to the business. Maybe I'll start with that point. If you could talk about maybe what's changed versus, say, 3 to 6 months ago, the adult part of the market still sounds maybe a little sluggish, but you also saw that sequential improvement. Teens are holding in. Could you maybe speak to the visibility you have today versus where you sat last summer or in the fall? What has led to the greater confidence in demand forecasting?
Joseph Hogan: Jason, it's Joe. First of all, I think we have a more stable macroeconomic environment. Mean obviously, 2022 was pretty unprecedented when you think about China situation, Ukraine situation in Europe, the rapid increase federal reserve rates that really put the economy in a lot of ways. So I mean we're working from a better platform in that sense.  And I think, obviously, Powell's comments today and 0.25 increase in all. I mean it shows a little bit of confidence on the Fed's partners and what they're seeing and what they're directing to. So I'd just say, Jason, from a broad standpoint, we feel really good about our portfolio. We feel good about the technology we talk about and all those things. We're just looking for a stable platform from an economic standpoint to operate from.
Jason Bednar: Okay. No, that's helpful. It definitely sounds more macro related than anything else. But that's helpful. And then maybe, Joe, I wanted to pick up on one point you mentioned regarding the bracket and wire piece. It sure seems like maybe a profit motivated decision for docs, maybe shortsighted, but still profit motivated as they focus on the cost of brackets and wires versus that Clear Aligner lab fee.  Maybe what do you think it's going to take to reverse that trend back to Clear Aligners picking up meaningful share I guess, especially with teens, do market volumes need to come back in a bigger way to convince doctors to free up more chair time with Clear Aligners? Or is there something you can do on your end to really stimulate that shift back towards Invisalign?
Joseph Hogan: Jason, that's a great question. First of all, I mean, doctors are doing what they think are in their best financial interest and from a patient standpoint, too. A stronger economic environment will help in that sense, because they'll have a higher patient traffic and the trade-off won't be as severe in that sense because of the patient throughput. But where we help us in technology and that's why we emphasize the technology developments and the investments that we're making that are really significant as we launch in this year. And like I talked about with just software alone to pick one in the sense of being able to move patients through faster being able to have doctors really do cases a lot faster before with our products like IPP in different areas.  So those technology advancements are really important. And then how we put those together in business models like our digital subscription programs really help doctors get over that line, too. So I feel we have a good format to be able to address that going forward. But again, I'll emphasize, we need a market that we can stand on in the sense and predict.
Shirley Stacy: Appreciate it. Next question, please.
Operator: Absolutely. The next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: Joe, I just want to ask a couple of questions here. I guess, one, just on the Clear Aligner volume guidance for 1Q. It sounds like it's because China, incrementally weaker stability in Americas and the EMEA, you kind of had that in the press release. You got some hedging words in there about primarily due to weakness in China and some stability in the Americas and EMEA. I mean, should we be thinking at this point that your Americas and the EMEA are kind of a baseline here?  And I know, obviously, macro can change from here, but assuming that macro change away, are we kind of at a baseline level now in absolute volumes for Americas and the EMEA? And do you think China, could it be a recovery play throughout this year? Are you seeing any early signs of some pickup in some of those big dental hospitals or the new adult standard product there or anything?
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, first of all, on the front end with the Western economies is we just see stability. That's what we talked about. That's what we see versus before we saw the market falling away from us. So right now, we see it being stable. And feel better about that point. On China, I mean, uncertainty in China is incredible when you think about billion people being sick there right now or have been sick over the last couple of weeks. And Jeff, I refuse to give a forecast over a number of quarters now because a lot of it has to do with the uncertainty that we see in China and specifically, which our second biggest market in the world.  So I don't want to try to forecast China right now. I can tell you now it's a blur for us and very difficult, but just we feel good about where we stand with EMEA and the States from a stability standpoint. We try to reflect as much in our words, what we see for the first quarter for you, too.
Jeffrey Johnson: Understood. And I'm sure there's going to be a lot more questions here on the short-term things. I don't want to look or ask you about the Desktop Metal deal, though. On that, right now, is it all for kind of milling using iTero to connect to the lab there for milling and/or 3D printing of just restorations. Are you guys doing any early work with them on 3D printing of Clear Aligners?  And just kind of again kind of update us maybe with your most recent thoughts on when we might start seeing 3D printing of the aligners in the office and kind of your competitive advantages you think you can -- as Align carve out in that kind of setting?
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Jeff, that's a good question. The Desktop Metals is primarily we think about a restorative play, how labs play a huge role and restore a dentistry with general dentists. I mean, they're really strong partners in that sense. What Desktop Metal represents is you see a lot of 3D printing going on. There's some really great resin development around restorative types of things, dentures, different areas the Desktop Metal leads in and our iTero scanner can really help with that, too.  Also, we have a vision of ortho restorative where you use our orthodontic procedures in order to reduce the amount of tooth loss mass that often comes with restorative procedures, too, that we'll work together with Desktop about. The idea of printing aligners and standard types of STL kind of processes from a 3D standpoint. I don't see that. And honestly, Jeff, I'm not one to think that doctors should turn their offices into production facilities. 3D printing is hard. The materials are difficult. There's a lot of doctors actually trying it, but I feel like doctors are much better being physicians and doctors in that sense than trying to run a manufacturing operation.
Jeffrey Johnson: Even in that first case to try to seal the deal and really lock that patient in as a pain customer?
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, I just think there are some things that kind of make sense from a productivity standpoint and some things that don't. Maybe the technology changes to the point, Jeff, will have a different conversation. But as it stands today, I really don't believe that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson: I was wondering if you could talk about, one, how you sort of think about the OpEx spend in terms of particularly sales and marketing in this environment? Do you sort of -- obviously, with the uncertain demand profile, are there things that you're doing incrementally in fourth quarter and the first quarter that sort of switch that spend around?
John Morici: Yes, I think what we always look at, Elizabeth, this is John. We're always looking at trying to find the right return on investment. So as you see some of the markets stabilize and start to come back that we see, that's where we'll continue to make investments. And as we see volumes come back, we'll invest even more. Like we talked about some of the stability in Americas and EMEA.  So we'll also look at trying to find the right return on investment. And as those markets stabilize and come back, you'll see us continue to invest in there. And as we said, last year, we kind of had to pair some of that back based on the conditions. And ideally, we could be in a better situation where we can make additional investments this year.
Elizabeth Anderson: That makes sense. And maybe I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the GP demand profile, because it was interesting how that was sort of holding up on a relative basis. I heard what you said, obviously, about the teen commentary. Is it something about that market or maybe the lower price point per case or anything like that, that would sort of be impacting that? I'd be just curious to get more color on that.
Joseph Hogan: Elizabeth, it's Joe. Could you restate that question? I didn't quite get the entire question.
Elizabeth Anderson: I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about the GP dentist sort of strength versus the ortho on a relative basis in the quarter. So I was wondering if you could talk more about sort of the underlying color about why that -- why you sort of think that is at this point?
Joseph Hogan: Yes, that's a good question. When you think about it, we have -- we're an elective procedure, right? And so someone is going to go to an orthodontist on a procedure like this to have teeth straighten. With the GP dentist, there is patient traffic there constantly with cleaning and restorations and different things. And so just it's an area right now where -- since it's not just elective procedures there, we feel GPs are just seeing more patients than an ortho would when you compare period to period.
Operator: The following question comes from Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan Block: Maybe for the first one, John or Joe, can you just talk about the 5.5% price increase for 2023? The 1Q guidance is lower cases, lower scanner and services but revs flat. So clearly, ASP benefits. And I think you realized the 5.5%, the doc stays on comprehensive or goes to 3 x 3. But how do we think about what flows to realized ASP, John, is that sort of a, I don't know, a plus 2% or 3% from the 4Q '22 levels when we think about 1Q '23 and into the balance of '23?
John Morici: That's a good way to look at it, John, because you're going to have some cases that kind of carry over where they kind of order them and they get shipped a little bit later. And then you're right, you're going to have some mix shift between the 3x3, which is kind of the same price and then the full comprehensive. So 2% to 3% in that first quarter is about in that range. Okay. Go ahead, Jon.
Jonathan Block: I'm sorry, I know it was to clarify. That was just 2% to 3% sequential, John, correct from the 4Q to 1Q?
John Morici: Yes, that's correct. Okay.
Jonathan Block: Okay. And sorry, the second question, just on the op margin, I think you said 18% non-GAAP for 1Q greater than 20% for the year. I'll just sort of load up a modeling question here. Do we think about a sequential improvement for each of the quarters throughout 2023? And then -- that might be for John.  And Joe for you. Just talk to us on how you're comfortable on that OM guide, when you still have a lot of moving parts with the economy, you've got what's going on in China? I think you framed it as a fragile environment. How do you get comfortable with that OM guide there's enough wiggle room, I suppose, in the OpEx where you feel you could titrate spend accordingly?
John Morici: Yes, I'll take the modeling question, John. Yes, you would expect that just like we have in maybe prior years and so on, as you start to get that volume leverage, you'll start to see some of that margin improvement as you go throughout the year. So kind of starts at that lower point and you would model it to see some improvement as you go through the year. And like we said, total year slightly above the 20%.
Joseph Hogan: And John, on the OM guide and the confidence is related to what we see right now and what we think is some macro trends that are much more stable than what we've experienced before. So from that, we understand our costs, and we know what we have give and take. And John and I watch it closely and we obviously manage it as a percentage of the total revenues are 2. So revenues have to adjust. We have to adjust to. But again, I think we know what the levers are in this business. And within the context of stability, we feel we can manage to the numbers that we've given.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Joe, I just wanted to kind of follow up on your comments about starting to commercialize. Obviously, product and technology cycle that you seem very excited about in that sort of ortho and restorative vision. I guess could you maybe just kind of help crystallize that for us in terms of how that kind of come to market in 2023 and the kind of type of investment that the company needs to make to kind of go after that opportunity?
Joseph Hogan: Nathan, overall, obviously, we do spend a significant amount on R&D in the business. And the foundation of that is the history of Align because basically we realize we're a revolutionized digital orthodontics overall. But what we see is it's not just invention for inventions sake, we're always after, how can we do these cases faster, how do we do them more predictably, how do we make it simpler for doctors, a better treatment for patients overall and experience? And just to give you one statistic, right? So versus wires and brackets, which you talked about in the script.  On an average, we do patient cases 5 months fast and 35% fewer visits to a doctor. And you do that from technology, right? You do that through remote monitoring, you do that through the consistency of your algorithms and moving teeth and knowing when those seats are going to land as long as patients were. And so the technology I talked about in those 3 areas, first of all, whether it's scanning, we get better on scanning every year. AI is a real important part of that because through AI, you can anticipate a lot of things move these scans through a lot faster. Inventions last year like IPP, Invisalign Personal Plan, those kinds of technologies really reduce the traffic and communications between a doctor and us in the sense of setting up treatment plans.  And lastly, 3D printed devices, as I mentioned, has always been the holy grail because we're the biggest 3D printer in the world, but we don't really 3D print devices, we print molds, which you vacuum form over top of it. When you vacuum-form over top of a mold, you can't control wall thickness as you can in 3D printing. And all think this is really critical to move teeth. So all these inventions take a lot of time and money overall, but we just see a huge opportunity for us to be able to increase clinical efficacy, efficiency for doctors and patient experience, and that's why we're so excited about it.
Nathan Rich: Okay. Great. And then just a quick clarification. On the adult side, cases were up 7% sequentially and it sounds like you saw a modest improvement in North America. I think that was the case in APAC as well. I guess I didn't hear reference to adult as you're talking about EMEA. I guess, was the -- kind of adult dynamic kind of more in -- when thinking about the Western economy is more in North America. Just curious if you also saw the same thing play out in EMEA as well?
Joseph Hogan: If I get the question right, Nathan, I mean, EMEA was great, both adults and teens. We felt good about it. They came -- you always go around, I call it, the dark side of the moon in Europe in the third quarter, right? But when they came out from the third quarter, we had a good fourth quarter from that. And so we felt good on both the adult side and the teen side in Europe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: I always struggle with this number that you really haven't grown the number of docs and it's been a while. And I understand that when demand is down, you don't ship to docs every quarter. But even the ones that are registered Invisalign users haven't really grown. And I guess my question is, is there an issue with that? Like why hasn't that number really expanded over the last 4 to 5 quarters? And do you need it as part of your growth algorithm to keep expanding the number of doctors? Is it just a change in culture in the world right now? Or is it competitive pressures? Or is it just harder to find docs, who are willing to do this? Because the penetration of Clear Aligners would suggest there's a lot of doctors out there that could be doing this.
Joseph Hogan: I mean, doctors both on the orthodontic side and on the GP side. I mean, obviously, you're right about that. And obviously, we expand a lot globally, too. So everything you said is true. I'll just give you one word on your questions on China. China is China is like -- it's down. We ship the thousands of doctors in China, we can't ship to right now. And that's the answer to your question since why it's gone down. There's no systemic overall issue in the sense of us being penetrated to the point that we can't buy more doctors, it's just we can't escape the downdraft of China right now.
John Morici: And your equation is right. It's new doctors, doctors ship to as well as utilization. That is -- those are 2 key metrics that help us grow our business.
Kevin Caliendo: Can I ask a quick follow-up? You talk about the need to see consumer demand signals improving. And how far ahead can you actually see that? Meaning -- is it -- is there something in ordering and planning? Like can you see 3 months ahead or 6 months ahead in terms of you're starting to see demand increase? Or is it really real time, like we've made -- we're starting to see an inflection point? I guess it gets to the point of like what do you need to see in terms of consumer demand? How far forward can you look before you can really feel comfortable that there's been an inflection plan?
Joseph Hogan: Kevin, when we look at things, we're a real-time business, obviously, when you have 3D freebies like we do what we make. And there's no leading indicator that would say it hasn't or squared of overnight, 90%. But what we watch closely are the consumer confidence indices in the States and Europe where we can get good wins. Now they're more confirming than they are predictive in what we're seeing but they reflect the, I think, best from a demand standpoint of what we can expect in the consumer confidence indices that we see both in Europe and the States have flattened out or turned slightly positive in the last month or so.
Shirley Stacy: Next question please.
Operator: Absolutely. Our next one comes from Brandon Vazquez with William Blair.
Brandon Vazquez: I wanted to ask one to kind of go back to a couple of us, who are trying to get at. You guided to a full year op margin above 20%, and you're a little bit below that now, of course, probably transient. The question being, do you need sequential improvements in sales to then drive the sequential improvements in op margins through the year? Like how should we be thinking about that? Or are you prepared to kind of deliver that 20% even if let's say, were just stable through the rest of the year rather than improving?
John Morici: Yes, it's a good question. I mean we would expect as we start to see demand as it stabilized as things change in the world and give us a better operating environment, we would expect to see some sequential improvement in revenue as you go through the year. And that would help us get some of the leverage that we need from an op margin standpoint.
Shirley Stacy: Next question please.
Operator: Absolutely. The next question comes from Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley.
Erin Wright: Great. Just a follow-up to that last question, just to clarify, I understand you're not giving the full year guidance from a volume perspective. But if you do continue to see the environment is what you're saying sustained where it is today or get slightly better? You are in a position to grow volume year-over-year in 2023.  And then just a separate question on subscription offerings, particularly in retainers. And I'm curious how that's resonating with customers today as another revenue driver for the practice. And when do you think that, that will be material in terms of contribution?
John Morici: I can start on the volume. I mean we would expect -- we're watching a lot of the signals closely. We tried to give more color around Q1 and the rest of the year will play out as things as things in the world change to the situation. So we'll watch volume closely. But like I said, we would expect some sequential improvement as you go forward through the year. But -- we're not getting into the specifics of what it is for total.
Joseph Hogan: It's Joe, on the DSP program, originally, that was targeted primarily at retainers or orthodontists because a lot of orthodontists are making their own retainers in the back room and picking up for wires and brackets. And so we signed up, we also obviously do the touch-up cases with that too is 10 aligners less. That's worked out well. And we -- I think what you're referring to in the end is that's a subscription program to the doctor but we also have a subscription program we offer from the doctor through the patients, and we're implementing that now. There's a lot of enthusiasm from our doctors about that because it becomes a reoccurring revenue stream for them that they haven't many of them haven't tapped into before. And so we feel good about that. And we'll be working closely with our doctors to implement that more fully this year.
Shirley Stacy: Next question, please.
Operator: Absolutely. The next question comes from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America.
Michael Ryskin: Also on a couple of just real quick, some are very fast. First, on China. I think you mentioned that you used the word on more, which is kind of understandable. But any updated thoughts on BPP or any [indiscernible] Can you tell what's going on there while the COVID situation is ongoing? Or is it just kind of a box. And then I also wanted to ask on the tax rate, the non-GAAP tax rate, you called out 20% in 4Q, should we sort of assume that the tax rate go forward?
John Morici: So Michael, this is John. On tax rate for the non-GAAP tax rate assumed 20% going forward.
Joseph Hogan: On China, BPP, I mean, obviously, that program over there, we talked about it several times, it's in Tier 3, Tier 4 cities. It's really not in the middle of our portfolio. It was picked up by some Chinese competitors. We're primarily private over there. We will sell the public hospitals. The program is not exclusive in that sense, too. So may we feel like we can manage in China right now around this fine.
Shirley Stacy: Well, thank you, everyone. We appreciate your time today. This concludes our conference call. We look forward to speaking to you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings, including Chicago Midwinter, IDS and AAO. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact our Investor Relations line. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Align Q3 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. Please note this conference will be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Shirley Stacy, with Align Technology. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued third quarter 2022 financial results today via Business Wire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 1 month. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern time on November 9. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial (866) 813-9403 with access code 119351. International callers should dial (929)458-6194 using the same access code. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties and that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations, if applicable, and our third quarter 2022 conference call slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide an overview of our Q3 results and discuss the performance of our two operating segments, System and Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial performance and our view for the remainder of the year. Following that, I'll come back, summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. Our third quarter results reflect the continued macroeconomic uncertainty and weaker consumer confidence as well as significant impact from unfavorable foreign exchange rates across currencies that affect our operations. On a constant currency basis, total Q3 revenues were reduced by $25 million or 2.7% sequentially and $57.4 million or 6.1% year-over-year, one of the largest quarterly foreign exchange impacts in our history. We remain confident in the execution of our strategic growth drivers despite the continuing economic headwinds. In Q3, we reached our 14 millionth Invisalign patient milestone during the quarter, which includes nearly 4 million teenagers and kids as young as six years old, who have been treated with Invisalign clear aligners. In Q3, teen case starts of 200,000 were up 13% sequentially and just off slightly compared to Q3 '21 a year ago when a record 206,000 teenagers started Invisalign treatment. We're also excited to be launching significantly new products and technologies that further enhance the Align Digital platform. Leading the digital transformation are the practice of dentistry, during the quarter we also began to commercialize ClinCheck live update software, Invisalign Practice App, Invisalign Personal Plan, Invisalign Smile Architect, the Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro with in-face visualization, Cone Beam Computed Tomography integration with ClinCheck software Invisalign, virtual AI software and iTero-exocad Connector. These technology advancements represent an important expansion of our digital platform that we believe will help our doctor customers increase treatment efficiency and deliver superior clinical outcomes and patient experiences, positioning us to drive growth when the market inevitably rebounds. We'll be showcasing these innovations next month at the Invisalign Ortho Summit Las Vegas, the premier education and networking experience for Invisalign practices with the most peer-to-peer presentations of any Invisalign education event. Through Q3, Systems and Services, interest in our iTero scanners was good with increased product demos across the regions. Doctors are increasingly recognizing the substantial benefits of intraoral scanning and end-to-end digital workflows with the iTero scanner and imaging systems. At the same time, increasing inflation, rising interest rates and less patient traffic and dental practices are lengthening sales cycles and conversion time. For Q3, System and Services revenues of $157.5 million were down sequentially year-over-year. On a constant currency basis, unfavorable foreign exchange reduced Q3 '22 systems and services revenues by approximately $4.1 million or 2.5% sequentially and approximately $9.9 million or 5.9% year-over-year. For Q3, scanner services year-over-year revenue growth was strong across all regions, particularly due to increased subscription revenue driven by growth of the installed base of iTero scanners. Year-over-year growth also reflects increased sales of iTero warrants lease and continued growth of our scanner leasing rental programs. We continue to work closely with our doctor customers to support their practice growth and digital transformation goals. This includes understanding different ways to enable them to navigate to more uncertain economic environment. Over the past year, we've had good success rolling out new leasing programs in Latin America and certified pre-owned or CPO, as we call it, options in India and North America. We're also looking at new opportunities on the capital equipment side for our DSO partners. This is a natural progression in an equipment business with a large and growing installed base. As we introduce new products, there are more opportunities for customers to upgrade to make trade-ins and to provide refurbished scanners for emerging markets, too. We expect to continue to roll out programs that are especially helpful for customers in the current macroeconomic environment. It's selling the way doctors and customers want to do business and leveraging our balance sheet. We're still early. We're pleased with the contribution of margin accretion we're seeing. For our Clear Aligner segment, macroeconomic uncertainty and waiting consumer confidence continues to impact the dental market overall, making for a challenging operating environment across the board. For Q3, third-party reports indicate there are fewer new patient visits, less traffic flow and lower orthodontic case starts overall. Our Clear Aligner volumes further reflect the underlying orthodontic market trends and a shift away from adults toward teens in Q3. Q3 Clear Aligner revenues were down 8.2% sequentially and down 12.5% year-over-year compared to Q3 '21 year-over-year revenue growth rates of plus 35%. On a constant currency basis, Q3 '22 Clear Aligner revenues were reduced by unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately $21 million or approximately 2.8% sequentially and approximately $47.4 million or approximately 6.1% year-over-year. For the quarter, Q3 Aligner volumes reflect a sequential increase in Invisalign shipments from Asia-Pacific and Latin America as well as North America Invisalign teen cases offset by lower volume in EMEA and North America, primarily Invisalign adult cases. For Q3, Invisalign First for kids as young as 6 grew year-over-year and was strong across all regions. On a trailing 12-month basis, as of Q3, Invisalign Clear Aligner shipments for teens and young kids using Invisalign First up year-over-year to over 734,000 cases. For Q3, the total number of new Invisalign trained doctors increased sequentially 8.5% driven by North America and Asia-Pacific. In terms of Invisalign submitters, the total number of doctors shipped to for Q3 increased sequentially to 84,400 doctors, the second highest number this year, driven by Asia-Pacific and the Americas. From a channel perspective, ortho submitters were slightly year-over-year up especially from doctors submitting teen cases, offsetting -- offset by a few GP dentists year-over-year, especially in EMEA. For other non-case revenues, which include retention products such as Vivera retainers, clinical training and education, accessories, e-commerce and our new subscription programs such as our DSP, Q3 revenues were up both sequentially and year-over-year. This reflects strong growth in retainers sequentially and year-over-year growth across all regions, driven by more submitters. In U.S., revenues for our doctor subscription program increased sequentially and year-over-year. I'm very pleased to see continued momentum in non-case revenues driven by subscription-based programs that we expect to continue to expanding across the business. Now let's turn to the specifics around the third quarter results, starting with the Americas. The Q3 Invisalign case volumes for Americas was down sequentially single-digit percentages and primarily due to lower Invisalign bulk shipments. The environment remains challenging and feedback from our customers indicates consumer financing and patient no shows affecting their practices in Q3, especially with adult patients. Q3 Invisalign volume also reflects increased case submissions from orthodontic channel and sequential growth in the teen segment. For Q3, teen patients were most resilient, reflecting continued momentum in younger patients with Invisalign First as well as the new Invisalign Teen Case Pack. During Q3, Invisalign Teen Case Packs grew both sequentially and year-over-year. As a reminder, Invisalign Teen Case Pack, a new subscription program that enables orthodontists to buy Clear Aligners and packs in advance. They also include exclusive practice development benefits with the Invisalign brand and require an incremental volume commitment from doctors. Teen case packs are currently available in the U.S., Canada and France, and we expect to be expanded more in EMEA region. Turning to our international business for Q3, Invisalign Clear Aligner volume was down very slightly sequentially, 1.4%, with strong sequential growth for APAC, offset by lower volume in EMEA. For EMEA, Q3 operating environment was challenging. Inflation in the Eurozone is more than 10% and global macroeconomic factors weighed on consumer sentiment and purchasing decisions, especially for adult patients, which compounded the impact of Q3 summer seasonality. Similar to the Americas, doctors in EMEA also reported increased appointment cancellations and the impact of less patients financing their purchases. EMEA teen patients also resilient in Q3 increased sequentially in Iberia as well as France, where we introduced Teen case packs during the quarter. In APAC, Q3 sequential growth was led by China, Japan and ANZ despite ongoing COVID restrictions and lockdowns in parts of China and Japan. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign case volumes reflected increased shipments across almost all markets, led by Taiwan, Thailand, India and Korea, driven by increased submitters. In Q3, APAC sequential growth also reflects strong demand from our expanded Invisalign Clear Aligner product portfolio in China. Recall in late April, Q2, we introduced two new products that better serve the expanding market in China. Invisalign Adult and Invisalign Standard Clear Aligners leverage our proven technology while broadening our appeal to more consumer segments. Q3 was the first full quarter offering these new products that provide doctors and patients in China with broader clinical and affordable options for moderate-to-complex adult cases. Finally, I'm pleased to share that the Invisalign system was recently awarded the Gold Design Award for 2022, making it the first orthodontic appliance to win the prestigious award in Japan. In the judge's assessment of the Invisalign system, they emphasized that the opportunity for teeth straightening is high in Japan and cited the barrier to adoption by Japanese consumers is resistance to metal braces and praised the Invisalign system as an orthodontic solution that can improve the quality of life during treatment. We certainly recognize the importance of the Japanese market for digital orthodontics and is one of the reasons we opened our first office in Tokyo nearly 15 years ago and established treatment planning operations in Yokohama a few years ago. Turning to new innovations. We continue to deliver our technology road map. As I mentioned earlier, during the quarter, we began to commercialize several new products and services that we previously announced would come to market in the second half of 2022. These technology advancements illustrate our commitment to continuous innovation in digital orthodontics, and we remain excited about the transformational projects that we're working on as we continue to drive the evolution of our industry. No other dental company has the experience, including over 14 million patients treated to date to lead the transformation of the practice of dentistry. Our consumer marketing focus on educating consumers about the Invisalign system and driving that demand to Invisalign doctor's offices ultimately capitalize on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles globally. In Q3, we built on our successful Invis Is media campaign and continued our launch of the Invis Is trauma free targeted at teens and Invis Is when everything clicks targeted at adults. Our teen campaign, Invis is trauma free highlights the benefits of Invisalign while humorously juxtaposing them with the significant trade-offs involved with using braces. Our Invis Is when everything clicks campaign showcases Invisalign treatment transforming smiles and the resulting confidence it gifts young adults. During Q3, we had over 4.3 billion impressions delivered in 14 million business to our website, a 1.6% year-over-year increase as a result of rightsizing our media investments. We're also rightsizing our consumer media investments across all core EMEA markets, impacting the impressions and unique visits. In U.S., we continued our influencer and creator-centric campaigns, partnering with leading smile squad creators like Olympic Gold Medalist, Suni Lee, Michael Lee, Josh Richards and Marsai Martin. Each of these creators share their personal experience of Invisalign treatment and why they chose to transform their smile with Invisalign aligners. Most recently, Suni Lee shared her positive experience with Invisalign in major media programming include Good Morning America, people.com, resulting in over 93 million impressions. We continue to invest in consumer advertising across APAC region, resulting in a 72% year-over-year increase in impressions and 29% year-over-year increase in unique visitors. Our ongoing campaigns were omnipresent across the top social media platforms such as TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, and YouTube to increase the awareness of the Invisalign brand with young adults and teens. In Q3, we launched a global plot on the Roblox platform within the popular game, Livetopia, creating a fun experience for players to learn about the benefits of Invisalign treatment. To date, we had over 5.9 million impressions delivered in over 2.6 million unique visitors on the game experience. Adoption of My Invisalign Consumer and Patient app continues to increase with 2.2 million downloads to date. Usage of our key digital tools also continued to increase. Live update was used by 41,000 doctors or more than 395,000 cases, reduced time spent in modifying treatment by 18% and Invisalign Practice app has downloaded 314,000 times to date. Further, we received more than 110,000 patient photos in our virtual care capability to date, providing rich global data to leverage our AI capabilities and improve our services for doctors and patients. The investments that we make to drive patient demand and conversion to support our doctor customers is unparalleled in our industry, leveraging the global recognition of the Invisalign system. No other dental company equals our brand strength today. For more details on our consumer marketing programs, please see our Q3 '22 earnings and conference slides. Turning to exocad. Overall, I'm very pleased with our progress with the exocad business and its leadership and restorative dentistry. In addition to the iTero-exocad Connector, I mentioned previously, during the quarter, we also introduced iTero NIRI, NIRI is near infrared technology intraoral camera images and are now automatically imported into dental CAD when designing restorations, enabling technicians to visualize the internal and external tooth structure and optimize the process of margin line tracing. The new xSnap module is a model attachment for a printable 3D articulated system, featuring a spherical head, which allows a precisely executed movement. And Ivoclar's Ivotion Denture System, a complete workflow for digital production of high-quality removable dentures is now available on exocad. Together, the iTero and exocad product portfolios help accelerate the digital transformation of dental practices by facilitating the way doctors and labs collaborate to deliver better care for their patients. As part of the Align Digital platform, the integration of iTero's digital scanning and exocad's complete software solution delivers seamless end-to-end digital workflows from diagnosis to treatment, planning and then fabrication. Customers are already utilizing the automated workflows, unlocking efficiencies and productivities, which are more important than ever in the current economic climate. With the recent integration of iTero NIRI and intraoral camera images unique to iTero Element 5D imaging systems and exocad Rijeka software release, Align is redefining restorative visualization and treatment planning for the doctors and labs. We are committed to continuing innovating in the dental industry to drive efficiency and clinical excellence for the benefit of our customers and their patients. With that, I'll now turn it over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q3 financial results. Total revenues for the third quarter were $890.3 million, down 8.2% from the prior quarter and down 12.4% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. On a constant currency basis, Q3 2022 unfavorable foreign exchange reduced Q3 revenues by approximately $25.1 million sequentially and approximately $57.4 million year-over-year. For Clear Aligners, Q3 revenues up $732.8 million were down 8.2% sequentially primarily due to lower volumes, unfavorable foreign exchange, higher promotions and discounts and product mix shift, partially offset by higher additional aligners. On a year-over-year basis, Q3 Clear Aligner revenue were down 12.5%, primarily reflecting the aforementioned items, offset somewhat by per order processing fees and higher non-case revenues. On a constant currency basis, Q3 '22 unfavorable foreign exchange reduced Q3 Clear Aligner revenues by approximately $21 million or approximately 2.8% sequentially and approximately $47.4 million or approximately 6.1% year-over-year. For Q3, Invisalign ASPs for both comprehensive and noncomprehensive treatment decreased sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, the decline in ASPs reflect unfavorable impact from foreign exchange that Joe described earlier as well as higher discounts and product mix shift, partially offset by higher additional aligners. On a year-over-year basis, the decline in ASPs reflect the significant impact of unfavorable foreign exchange, product mix shift and higher discounts, partially offset by the higher additional aligners and per order processing fees. As our revenues from subscription, retainers and other ancillary products continue to grow and expand globally, some of the historical metrics that focus only on case shipments do not account for our overall growth. In our earnings release and financial slides, you will see that we have added our total Clear Aligner revenue per case shipment which is more indicative of our overall growth strategy. Clear Aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet increased $37 million or 3.3% sequentially and $184 million or up 18.6% year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped. During the three months ended September 30, 2022, we recognized $137.2 million that was included in the Clear Aligner deferred revenue balance at December 31, 2021. The Q3 Systems and Services revenue of $157.5 million were down 8% sequentially, primarily due to lower scanner volume, partially offset by higher services revenues from our larger installed base and were down 11.7% year-over-year, primarily due to lower scanner volume and lower ASP, partially offset by higher services revenue from our larger installed base. Q3 '22, Systems and Services revenue were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $4.1 million or approximately 2.5% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, System and Services revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $9.9 million or approximately 5.9%. Systems and Services deferred revenues on the balance sheet was up $4.1 million or 1.6% sequentially and up $76.5 million or 40.9% year-over-year, primarily due to the increase in scanner sales and the deferral of service revenues included with the scanner purchase, which will be recognized ratably over the service period. During the 3 months ended September 30, 2022, we recognized $13.3 million that was included in the Systems and Services deferred revenues balance as of December 31, 2021.  Moving on to gross margin. Third quarter overall gross margin was 69.5% down 1.4 points sequentially and down 4.8 points year-over-year. Overall gross margin was unfavorably impacted by approximately 0.8 points sequentially and 1.8 points on a year-over-year basis due to the impact of foreign exchange on our revenues. Clear Aligner gross margin for the third quarter was 70.9% down 2.4 points sequentially due to lower ASPs and increased manufacturing spend as we continue to ramp up operations at our new manufacturing facility in Poland. Clear Aligner gross margin for the third quarter was down 5.3 points year-over-year due to increased manufacturing spend for the reasons stated previously, higher freight and a higher mix of additional aligner volume and lower ASPs. Systems and Services gross margin for the third quarter was 63.3%, up 3.6 points sequentially due to improved manufacturing absorption and lower freight costs. Systems and Services gross margin for the third quarter was down 2.3 points year-over-year due to higher inventory costs and manufacturing inefficiencies coupled with lower ASPs, partially offset by higher service revenues. Q3 operating expenses were $475.5 million, down sequentially 4.8% and down 3.7% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were down $23.9 million, mainly due to controlled spend on advertising and marketing as part of our efforts to proactively manage costs. Year-over-year, operating expenses decreased by $18.5 million for the same reasons as sequential as well as lower incentive compensation. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation and amortization of acquired intangibles related to certain acquisitions, Operating expenses were $443.4 million, down sequentially 4.8% and down 4.9% year-over-year. Our third quarter operating income of $143.7 million resulted in an operating margin of 16.1%, down 3.3 points sequentially and down 9.6 points year-over-year. Operating margin was unfavorably impacted by approximately 1.6 points sequentially due to foreign exchange and lower gross margin. The year-over-year decrease in operating margin is primarily attributed to lower gross margin, investments in our go-to-market teams and technology as well as unfavorable impact from foreign exchange by approximately 3.5 points. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and amortization of intangibles related to certain acquisition, the operating margin for the third quarter was 20.2%, down 3 points sequentially and down 8.6 points year-over-year. Interest and other income and expense net for the third quarter was a loss of $21 million compared to a loss of $14.6 million in Q2 and an income of $0.8 million in Q3 of '21, primarily due to larger net foreign exchange losses from the weakening of certain foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar. The GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter was 40.7% and compared to 35% in the second quarter and 30.9% in the third quarter of the prior year. The third quarter GAAP effective tax rate was higher than the second quarter effective tax rate, primarily due to the decrease in profits and changes in jurisdictional mix of income, resulting in lower tax benefits from foreign income tax at different rates and higher than in the U.S. On a non-GAAP -- our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 33.1% in the third quarter compared to 25.6% in the second quarter and 22.2% in the third quarter of the prior year. Third quarter net income per diluted share was $0.93, down sequentially $0.51 and down $1.35 compared to the prior year. Our EPS was unfavorably impacted by $0.30 on a sequential basis and $0.48 on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $1.36 for the third quarter, down $0.64 sequentially and down $1.51 year-over-year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of September 30, 2022, cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term marketable securities were $1.1 billion, up sequentially $163.8 million and down $96.8 million year-over-year. Of the $1.1 billion balance, $471 million was held in the U.S. and $670 million was held by our international entities. Q3 accounts receivable balance was $859.6 million, down approximately 7.8% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 86 days, flat sequentially and up approximately 11 days as compared to Q3 last year. Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $266.5 million. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $75.3 million, primarily related to our continued investments to increase Aligner manufacturing capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures amounted to $191.1 million. We are well capitalized to continue to invest for growth while managing through these challenging market conditions, exiting the quarter with over $1 billion in cash on the balance sheet and 0 debt. Now turning to full year 2022 and the factors that influence our views on our business outlook. Underlying market dynamics as well as the reactions to macroeconomic headwinds by central banks, governments and consumers remain uncertain. We will continue to focus on those matters that have been central to our historically successful business strategies by managing those things within our control. This includes maintaining fiscal controls and focused delivery on our business model so that we are positioned for success once the difficult operating environment ultimately abates. We remain confident in the huge underpenetrated market for the digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry, our technology and industry leadership and our ability to execute and make progress toward our long-term model of 20% to 30% revenue growth. We expect to be below our fiscal 2022 GAAP operating margin target of 20%, which includes the impact from the current unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately 2 points to 3 points that was not factored into our operating margin guidance for the fiscal year 2022 when we gave an update on the Q1 '22 earnings call in April. For 2022, we expect our investments in capital expenditures to exceed $300 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building construction and improvements as well as additional manufacturing capacity to support our international expansion. This includes our investment in the aligner fabrication facility in Wroclaw, Poland, which began servicing doctors in the second quarter of 2022. In addition, during Q4 2022, we expect to repurchase up to $200 million of our common stock through either or a combination of open market repurchases or an accelerated stock repurchase agreement. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, John. As we continue to navigate a macroeconomic uncertainty, weaker consumer confidence and the lingering impacts of COVID-19 shutdowns primarily in China and Japan, we remain focused on our strategic initiatives as well as the incredible market opportunity for digital dentistry and our products. We believe our unwavering drive to transform smiles and change lives for millions of people around the world is on one other clear aligner company can match and positions us to better address this market opportunity. Regardless of the operating environment, we are committed to balancing investments to drive growth and long-term strategic priorities that will transform the practice of dentistry and strengthen our business. These are uncertain times. Every business is being impacted by macroeconomic environmental uncertainty. In addition, as a multinational company based in the United States with roughly half of our sales outside the country, the negative impact from unfavorable foreign exchange has been like anything I've ever seen in my career. We will continue to invest in digital solutions and demand creation to help doctors and their patients. We are committed to doctor-directed care and transforming the industry together while working through these global macro economic challenges. Thank you for your time today. We look forward to updating you on our next earnings call.  Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Joe, from what we've seen and heard in the market, I think it goes without saying that monthly demand has just been quite choppy here in the U.S. I think July and September were pretty darn soft, August, maybe not as weak, but still not great. I guess, did you see a similar level of uneven demand when we look outside the U.S. and I guess is there anything you'd call out geographically or in any of your channels that was maybe less bad than what you were prepared for three months ago?
Joe Hogan: Jason, we started with not high expectations to begin with, all right? But I would say the U.S. market panned out the way we thought overall, maybe a little more strength in Latin America, a little momentum despite the elections and some economics there. Europe just wasn't quite as strong as what we thought. And as we tried to explain in my notes that I really feel it's just -- it's the uncertainty that circulates Europe right now and Ukraine situation doesn't help either. From an Asia standpoint, we're affected by COVID again. We saw it in China, even though we had growth in China, which was respectable and in Japan also, but we saw the market impact in those two areas, too. I felt great about it's a smaller part of the business, but Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and other businesses that were up significantly, but our major three were still affected, primarily the three is Australia and China and Japan with some COVID issues. So it's a way of saying, I think in general, we anticipated where we are, we were hoping for the best year. But what really grabs me to, Jason, maybe I'm giving you too much for your call is that the teen demand, we felt good about overall across the globe in the United States, too. The teen packs did well overall. And obviously, we'll roll that out in other parts of the world, too. The adult -- the impact on the adult cases is what was -- to me, is astounding in the sense, and you see that flow through the orthodontic community, the GP community too. And that's not just in the United States, we see that all over the world. .
Jason Bednar: Maybe Joe or John, just on the margin topic, you are backing away from that 20% margin floor commentary that you had given previously. Fully understanding part of this is FX related. But maybe can you talk about how much of it's tied to the decremental impact from lower volumes. And then you fully understand this is a tough macro environment to forecast. But a lot of investors right now are really trying to get comfortable with how defensible margins and profitability are as we look out to 2023, which I hope it's not, but it could very well be another tough year for the business just given the global macro environment we're in.  So just -- are you willing to provide any guardrails around what we can consider for 2023 margins? Or maybe talk about how much flexibility you have in the P&L to offset pressures from lower volumes?
Joe Hogan: Jason, it's a fair question. First of all, I'll turn it over to John, but I'm going to give that 20% operating margin piece. I had no idea. You'd see international currency swings. And way we've seen it. I've been in these jobs for a long time and you don't expect 25% decreases year-over-year in currency. And so obviously, we had to back up on that piece. I feel good about the way we manage our cost I feel good about where we're investing and where we continue to rightsize. John will give you more specifics.
John Morici: So on a constant currency basis, we expect to be at that 20% or above. It's just like Joe said, it's pretty dramatic to see the FX changes that we have. As noted in the comments, we said it going to affect the year by 2 to 3 points. So there's no -- there's a commitment to that margin, and we're investing based on volume that we see and other priorities that we have on R&D and go-to-market activities and so on. But it's just that FX piece that we're calling out. But on a constant currency basis, we feel that that number of 20% still holds from earlier.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Velasquez with William Blair.
Brandon Velasquez: I wanted to go -- I'd like to go back for a second kind of to the monthly progression just to -- I think what might be helpful to kind of understand underlying market dynamics and maybe you can tease it out a little bit in Americas versus international. Just -- what were you seeing through the quarter where you -- did you exit the quarter and go into Q4? Were things stabilizing? Were they getting better? Were they getting worse? Any kind of color you can give us around what the situation is like as we go forward from Q3?
Joe Hogan: Again, like on the last call, Brendon, I think it played out the way our expectations, I think were formatted. We talked about teens in the third quarter. And obviously, that's teen season. That played out well from what we anticipated. And as we mentioned before, we think teens are somewhat shielded -- not completely, but shielded from the economic environment because of the time window for treatment and parents that want to help their teens through that whole process. The adult segment was the -- we saw the most volatility in for sure, both in the United States, Europe and in Asia. It's hard for me to tell you that we're -- there's any kind of change from month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter. It was pretty consistent from what we've seen. John, would you add anything else? .
Brandon Velasquez: I mean that's how we saw it. Okay. And then internationally, you guys sound pretty excited about kind of the new product launches within China, specifically offering that new maybe lower-tier product. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing there? How strong has the recovery been in China? How much of that recovery has come from really opening up the product portfolio there? And how should that kind of continue going forward?
Joe Hogan: That's a good question. I mean, China is a very important market for us. As we talked about on other calls, those Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities have been an important target for us. We've known for about two years, we have a hole in our portfolio in those areas, particularly with -- we have comprehensive on top, and then we have a moderate product between it. So we announced Invisalign standard, Invisalign adult. And what this does is it just helps us segment the market. These are not -- they can't handle -- these products can have handle cases like Invisalign First Scan or mandibular advancement or some of the sophisticated cases we have out there. We don't offer CBCT 5-minute ClinCheck and those kind of things around those products, too. So we tailor those products for more moderate kinds of cases in those specific areas where public hospitals have been strong. And we really good results from the standpoint of what we saw in the uptake that we saw over this last quarter, and we'll continue with that strategy. We feel good about it.
John Morici: And it's about market expansion there. We're selling to more doctors than we've sold to in the past with these products. So we're really trying to capture more of that market, as Joe said, into Tier 3, Tier 4 cities, and we saw good uptake from that. And it's something that we know to go to the market and be able to reach these potential customers. These are the types of products that we need. .
Joe Hogan: Yes. So Brandon, I think honestly, I feel really good about our positioning there. China did perform well from a volume standpoint, and we'll continue to update on our progress. .
Operator: Our next question comes from John Block with Stifel.
John Block: Maybe just first first for me. The 3Q '22 ASP of 1150 versus 1220, so I'm calcing down 6% Q-over-Q. Some of that's FX, but I think if I look at your comments, it seems like half of that 6% headwind is FX. And John, I know you said mix, but I'm counting that teen was about 35% of your 3Q '22 cases versus 30% of your 2Q '22 cases and teen is a high acuity comprehensive ASP. I would think DSP is also helping pull out some of the lower ASP cases as DSP ramps quarter in, quarter out. So can you just help me with the ASP movement, what else was it outside of FX? And if it was mix, why mix based on my teen commentary?
John Morici: Yes, I think you've hit the major pieces, John. When you look at it majority was FX. We saw the dollar strengthening, that obviously hits our numbers. And then you look at the other parts, we do have a higher proportion of teen in the third quarter, and that's a help. We also have things that we've done like we answered on the previous call about mix in China and expansion out, and there's offsets to that. But it's primarily FX and then you have some mix. But from a discounting standpoint, or other things, there was really no overall change to how we've done stuff. It's primarily the FX piece and the mix.
Joe Hogan: John, one other thing to add to that, too, on the DSP program, we look at that as incremental, not as replacing other business that we've had in the past. So like we feel good that's an expansion play for us. And I think you see that in the numbers, too.
John Block: So maybe just quickly on that last point, Joe. Question on B would be, you don't really think any cases are being pulled out of the case volume number into DSP that's actually having an incremental negative impact to '22? Do you think those are just truly largely incremental. That was 1B, just to be clear.
Joe Hogan: Yes, I think you learn a business, John, never be binary, either or. I'd say the majority of those cases, if you look at it, we're picking up from an ortho standpoint, a lot of retention we never had before. We see orthos doing touch-up cases and all that might have been done in-house at times. So I'm not saying that there's absolutely nothing that would transpose from one to another, but I'd say primarily, we're looking at that as a growth opportunity for us.
John Block: And then the last question, and it's just where I struggle the most. I think sort of who cares, but my view on teen versus how you guys have positioned it with all due respect. And I get the teen 2Q to 3Q had a good sequential growth rate, but the 1Q to 3Q because 2Q was weak, was actually below trend on a four-year average throwing out 2020. And Joe, just -- if we can go down that road a little bit more, teen case volumes were still down 3% year-over-year. This whole story is about taking maybe 200 bps of share every year in this market. What do you think overall teen case volume was globally if you guys were down 3%? And maybe just really the questions about market share gains and if you still feel like you've got the momentum there or if that has slowed as of late and what can reaccelerate it?
Joe Hogan: Yes, John, again, that's a good question. I think when you talk about first quarter to second quarter, the rhythm that we had there, remember, the normal rhythms we've seen in this business, the seasonality, we call it. We have not seen that since really 2019. And so we had muted signals on teens through 2020, '21. Just -- it wasn't the same. What I liked about -- what I saw in the third quarter was we saw teens come back in the sense of in a pattern of what you'd expect in teen season, Q3, Q4. It's too early for me to dig out the data and tell you how much share we're gaining against wires and brackets. John, we don't talk about a lot or products like -- and we highlighted it here today, when you look at the Invisalign First product line, we're really getting tremendous results out there on young patients, 6 to 9 years old, the Phase I, Phase II treatments, where often the Phase II can be a lot less extensive than what the Phase I was with wires and brackets. So our different expansion devices. So we see a big uptake in that product line from a teen standpoint. We see that as penetration too. We've seen consistent growth from a share standpoint in those teen cases in Americas globally. So -- we just introduced curved wings mandibular advancement too that's having a really good start in the market, too, to address some cases that mandibular advancement couldn't get in the past. So John, both with technology, with our advertising campaigns, the teen packs and whatever, I continue to feel good about our movement. We'll have more as we analyze the trends, the share trends and stuff that we'll be able to share with you, but I do like our position in the marketplace in teens.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard: Just a question on just OpEx and how you're managing headcount, whether you pulled back in any parts of the business globally? And maybe just talk about the levers that might be at your disposal if the environment continues to deteriorate and maybe if there are some areas that would be ring-fenced as far as potential cuts.
Joe Hogan: Ben, it's Joe. Look, first of all, what I protect with my life here are our direct salespeople and also our technology and our engineering team and what we focus on. And so we've made sure that we continue to reinforce those. There's just other parts of our business, too, that we rightsized. I mean, obviously, this business is used to growing 20%, 30%. And so we kind of came into the year with that mindset. We quickly realized it wasn't. And so we've taken actions in order to do that. But you see that throughout the business. Don't forget, we also have really strong productivity programs and manufacturing and all, that really help us during these times. Emory and his team do a terrific job, they help to drive that. John will give you another insight in a sense of how we're managing OpEx across the business.
John Morici: We have good insight into our P&Ls across the world. So we're looking at country by country in certain regions and so on. And like Joe said, from an overall focus, we want to make sure that we're going to market and protecting the sales, make sure our R&D technology is putting out the best products and the best technology going forward. . So we protect that. And then we look at what expenses make sense in the short and long term in various regions, various campaigns that we have to make sure that we're getting the return that's appropriate given the market conditions. So we're constantly iterating and changing things. it's no different on the other side of things. When a year ago, we were looking at the growth opportunities. We're looking at it the same type of way kind of on a country-by-country, market-by-market basis is just the other way as it is now. So we feel like we have a good understanding of our return on investment and a good understanding of the levers that we need to pull or not pull given these conditions.
Brandon Couillard: And then John, just one follow-up. Can you help me just kind of understand what's going on with the inventory line and why that continues to grow year-over-year and sequentially. Is there something tied to the new European fab facility that may be driving that? And what we should expect on that line in the next few quarters?
John Morici: Yes. I think we're kind of getting to -- we kind of get to a point where some of that is due to just the fact that you have a third manufacturing site, and you're going to have raw materials related to that and other in-process inventory and so on there. So you're going to have some of that. Some of it is also on the iTero side where you're manufacturing and you're doing some things where you're securing supply. I mean there's been a lot of talk and we feel good about our supply to be able to components and so on. We've purchased several components just to make sure that we had adequate supply for our forecast and so on. But nothing out of the ordinary other than some expansion that we have with new manufacturing and then making sure that we secured our supply lines, and that's what we've seen in our numbers. .
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: So Joe, I want to pin you down a little bit on a couple of things, if I could here that questions that have been asked. And on the teen packs especially, I mean, look, we know there were so many adult cases last year with the assume a factor, whatever we want to call it and stimulus spending and all that. But the teen number is obviously the important number. I think we're all trying to focus on here. The down 3%, I think is what you said year-over-year, up sequentially. That's down 3% year-over-year on teen cases globally. I mean, how do you feel like that compares to the overall ortho market? Were you better or worse than other teen cases done with brackets and wires when you throw in other clear aligners from the competitors, things like that? Just how are you competing in that teen market right now?
Joe Hogan: Jeff, it's a fair question. I'd first take it to Europe. I mean Europe was down substantially for us, too. So I don't think we've got a clear signal out of there because of the economics and in general. I mean we did fairly well in -- from a European standpoint. But third quarter in Europe is never a particularly strong quarter. We're going to pull a signal out of -- you look at the United States, you go to Gaidge Data. And you'll see that inside Gaidge Data aligners were down but Invisalign was actually above what the generic aligners are reported in Gaidge data, which says we continue to do well with our teen portfolio and what we do. . You see wires and brackets cases actually expanded. But what that is, is you see if they're doing more -- fewer adults -- and you know how orthos have held on to teens for a long time, you get a mix phenomenon there where it looks like they're doing more wires and brackets, but they're not. They're just doing fewer adults, and they mix down in that sense. So -- and then move over to Asia, I've always felt good about Asia is different by country. But the COVID overlay in Japan in particular, but also China. I thought the teen case volume was still reasonable. But it's still hard to pull a signal out of a lot of noise with the COVID shutdowns in all of those countries. So again, just like in John's question, Jeff, is I do feel great about our portfolio. I feel good about how we're positioning the product. I think the teen packs are a way to sell the way doctors want to commit in this area, I think we'll continue to get strong there. The future of those teen cases, there's no question it's digital. It's just how we approach it, the products we launch and convincing doctors more and more that teens will use these and showing them the results that we're seeing all over the world.
Jeff Johnson: Yes. Fair enough. All right. And then I'm going to jam two questions together, kind of ala John Black here, I'll call it, 2A and 2B and other separate questions. But any update on volume-based procurement in China, how we should think about that? And then I didn't see a breakout for Americas versus international doctors shipped to. You provided that in the past. Any way we could get that number this time?
John Morici: Well, on the doctor shipped to, what we've done is consolidate them together to a total. And what we saw, if you looked at international versus domestic, they're both up. And the numbers that we had. This is actually our second highest ever from a shipped to standpoint. But we decided to consolidate those together without giving too much more details on that. But they're both up.
Jeff Johnson: Sequentially, John, just to be clear?
John Morici: Yes. Yes.
Jeff Johnson: John, both up sequentially. Sorry, Joe. .
John Morici: Yes, yes, correct. .
Joe Hogan: Yes, on sequential. On the volume-based purchasing in China, we have our eyes all over, Jeff, as you can guess. It represents anywhere between 15% and 18% of our business there. The way they're setting this up, pretty much in what we would call not our main areas in where we do business in China. I think we've positioned ourselves for this. strategically, I feel we can make the right move here. Look, I have friends and other medical device businesses. I was in the medical devices for a while. We know what this did to stents and hip transplants and different things. I feel like the way they set this up, one is 70% of it will be BBP in those areas, 30% will still be up to the doctors in the sense of what they want to use and how they want to use it. So what's key here is that we exercise our portfolio and the capacity that we have over there to just have a strategic positioning in that. So I don't expect any major differences as we move into 2023. We'll just have to wait to see how that goes. And as we move into 2024, 2025, how the government -- which way the government moves.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: I guess my first question is just on equipment line. I noticed you sort of talking more about leased equipment in the quarter. Can you sort of talk about how that's been growing and sort of what contribution that made to the equipment revenues in the quarter?
John Morici: Yes, I can start with that. It's obviously a strategy that we have. We've got great equipment, great products, and we want to be able to get those to our customers in a way that they want to buy. Sometimes those doctors of ours don't necessarily want to purchase it outright. They want to try other things. And so we've tested in certain markets, just alternatives, kind of the rental model and so on. And we see good uptake. We see them these doctors now wanting to get a scanner to be able to digitize their practice. So it's really at early stage right now, Elizabeth, but it is something that when we think about how we want to go to market, we want to offer alternatives such as leasing or expanding rental or other parts of our business are going to see the certified preowned where you have upgrades and other things that happen as we have a larger and larger installed base, we're going to get some of that equipment back. We want to be able to have a mechanism to be able to use that equipment, use it in other places, and give our customers alternatives, both in terms of the equipment that they can purchase from us and then how they purchase and use that equipment from a financing or maybe leasing or rental options. And we think that they'll end up using our equipment more and more. And then we know that helps from a digital standpoint when they use their equipment and then they'll end up using more Invisalign. So it all kind of works from an ecosystem standpoint.
Elizabeth Anderson: And then just in terms of on the P&L, like one of the things that, obviously, saw the change in SG&A spend in the quarter and how you pulled back on spending there. What about on the R&D line? Do you sort of see an opportunity to pull back on R&D as well going forward? Or is that something you're sort of keener to defend going forward? .
Joe Hogan: Elizabeth, it's Joe. We want to defend R&D. Very important part of the business. You can see the programs are rolling out. The programs we're rolling out, we didn't do them this year, right? Some of these are 3-year old programs that we've been working on. And so I don't want to stop the momentum on those. I mean obviously, we'll take any steps here to preserve the cash flow and integrity of this business that we have to do. But our front lines are our sales organization and technology. And before we go anywhere near those, we want to make sure we do everything we can, the right size of business in other areas.
Elizabeth Anderson: And then just in terms of my 2B question, in terms of like what you're seeing through the month of October so far, if we're sort of thinking about how the cadence of 4Q is shaping up, which is to expect like the cases to be sort of flat sequentially at this point based on what you're seeing? Or like how do we think about sort of where we are now?
Joe Hogan: Kind of anticipating that question is, we're not seeing any major change, I'd say, from the momentum that we saw in the second quarter. .
Elizabeth Anderson: You mean the third quarter?
Joe Hogan: I'm sorry, third quarter. That's right, a little bit...
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Wright with MS. Your line is now open.
Erin Wright: So how should we think about underlying ASPs going forward, excluding the FX dynamics from here just given some of the mix dynamics you noted. And FX is FX, and that's understandable. But if we do continue to see what we're seeing in terms of the macro environment, what do we think about in terms of trough margins from here? And do you see an opportunity for a sort of recovery near term? Or any sort of margin expansion? Anything you can give us on that front would be helpful.
John Morici: Yes. Obviously, Erin, this is John. Obviously, gross margin, op margins is a primary concern for us. We want to make sure that we're managing things appropriately. From an ASP standpoint, take FX out of this and really FX out of our margin because it's hard to so much coming through from a P&L standpoint. But we're always looking at productivity to be able to help drive the business. And as we scale up Poland is a great example, we'll become more productive there, and that will help our margin. It's kind of in our margins right now as an impact, but it will get better over time through utilization. . We look at the technology that we have in the business and what it means from an ASP standpoint. And our customers understand that. There's always going to be geographical mix shifts that happen. Certain parts of the world are at different times throughout the year. But I don't expect a dramatic shift in our overall ASPs. Take FX out of it from an overall ASP standpoint and then we're really focused on what can we do to look at savings that help us from a gross margin standpoint and see that. And then also on an op margin standpoint for all the OpEx things that we previously talked about.
Erin Wright: And then just going back to Elizabeth's question on the quarterly cadence. Just in the teen market, in particular, what are you seeing in terms of typical seasonality there? And did you see some of that momentum continuing here into the fourth quarter in that particular segment? Or how should we be thinking about the quarter-to-quarter cadence given -- relative to what you typically see from a seasonal standpoint. .
Joe Hogan: The teen market predominantly, if we look at the third quarter. Obviously, a bleed some into the fourth quarter, whatever, but I wouldn't take anything we're seeing right now and projected into the future to change what the normal fourth quarter sequence could be. So like I said previously on the question as far as when you look at third quarter moving in the fourth quarter, we're not seeing any meaningful change one way or another.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Rich from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Nathan Rich: If I could go back to margins for a minute. You mentioned not changing the target for this year on a constant currency basis. I guess -- if I could maybe ask the question this way, if we don't see further changes to FX or the kind of overall demand environment, do you think the 16% margin that you saw this quarter on a GAAP basis is indicative of what we should assume going forward, again, kind of -- assuming no kind of changes in the underlying environment? .
John Morici: I wouldn't take that. I think when we're talking about for the full year, we're kind of looking at kind of that on a constant currency basis, that 20%. And I think you have impacts with Poland startup and some other things in the quarter that are impacting that. But when we look at the 20% and what we were calling earlier in the year, we were thinking about that less about the quarters, but on a -- more on a total year basis on a constant currency basis.
Nathan Rich: Okay. And the FX headwind for the year on margins is that 2% to 3%?
John Morici: That's the way to look at it, Nate. It's -- we're kind of looking at -- as best as we can call it now, we're kind of using the latest FX rates that you have now. It's up to predict what's going to happen in the next 2 months. But if you took kind of currently and kind of what we've done throughout the year and then use the current FX rates, we think that's a 2- to 3-point impact. And without that FX rates, we -- our GAAP numbers would have been at the 20%, like we called.
Nathan Rich: If I could just ask a quick follow-up. Joe, I think you had noted less willingness of consumers to finance treatments in both the U.S. and Europe. How big is that as a percent of case volumes in terms of what's typically financed? And how much in particular kind of might have this weight on demand? And I guess, bigger picture, are there ways kind of in this environment that you kind of see as kind of maybe being best able to stimulate demand just in terms of how you might either help customers or doctors in this environment?
Joe Hogan: Yes, Nathan, I think what we gave you is basically data that we receive from the marketplace. It's what we're hearing from orthodontists and dentists in general in treatment. We don't have any quantification to say so many patients were seeking funding, they didn't get it or there's so many losses in that sense. That's pretty much listed as the reasons why patients have refused treatment or thinking about treatment in the financial considerations of it. John, would you?
John Morici: No, I think you're always going to have a mix of -- some patients, they'll pay for it all upfront. Some will finance either through the doctor or some outside group. And I think you're constantly going to have that. We do think as much as we can with our doctors to give them some of the financial flexibility, so that as they maybe have additional terms where they pay us, the doctors, they can maybe apply some of that to their patients, and they can help their patients as well, manage some of the cash flow. So we're aware of it. We do as much as we can. It's just kind of out there. And like Joe said, we don't have a quantification of it, but in tougher economic times, we know that patients will be looking for different alternatives.
Joe Hogan: And the other part of your question, Nick, about how do we help accounts. We watch payments. We try to help in that sense at times. We try to drive direct Invisalign docs to do a lot of Invisalign. And obviously, our advertising is extremely important to them. So we have our whole lead program to help them drive those things. We just want to be as close to our customers as possible because they're feeling what we feel. And we have strong relationships with many of them, and they're part of the family here. And we work it country by country, doctor by doctor, region by region to see how we can help. .
Shirley Stacy: Operator, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Our final question comes from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: So may have found a little bit on the comment around October, saying that the momentum continued. If we think about that, that was sort of down 12%, right, year-over-year. I think what we're all looking for is we saw cases flat Q1 to Q2. And then we saw a step down in Q3 despite a stronger teen season. So I think what we're all trying to figure out here is adjusting for the third quarter strength, seasonality in teen, when do you actually expect to see stabilization globally in cases, meaning either sequentially or year-over-year flatness? Like when do you actually expect that, that could happen?
Joe Hogan: Kevin, it's Joe. Look, I think we can sit here and tell you, I think we're in pretty volatile economic times. I can't tell you what the dollar is going to be in 3 months. I don't know what's going to happen in Europe. I don't know how bad COVID hits China. I don't know what it does in Japan. So I know exactly what you're asking for and every investor is asking for. And we'd give you that data if we thought we had it, but we are in such a volatile time right now. We're just working this thing from month to month. As I mentioned, as we go into the fourth quarter, obviously, there's a rhythm between teens and adults from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. What I mentioned from a continuation standpoint is we haven't seen much of a change between the third and the fourth right now as we move into it. That's about as well as I can tell you of what we're seeing and what we're experiencing, trying to forecast what's going to happen toward the end of the quarter, next quarter, I can't do that. I don't think anybody here can.
Kevin Caliendo: And if I can just ask a follow-up. There's been a lot of talk about spending and margins in 20% and everything else. And historically, in the past, you guys always just invested to grow. Is it now given the uncertainty of everything that you're just going to manage through a margin or try to manage to the 20% margin ex FX? Or -- I mean, is that the strategy? Or is it still to try to get back to the -- what you would need to do normally to hit certain growth targets that you've had?
Joe Hogan: It's a growth business, Kevin. If we had good economic times here, I can tell you, we'd be having a much different conversation. So the challenge with this business is how are we responsible on cost and obviously, a challenged demand environment [indiscernible] this company very strong because when this market comes back, you just go back in history and take a look, it comes back and it comes back hard. And we've got to make sure that we're in a good position to be able to field that when it does occur. So you'll see us be, what I call, fiscally responsible, but we'll continue to make sure that we invest and make as many changes as we can around different areas of OpEx, but to protect those key areas where our customer interface and the development of our technology. And actually, the operations capacity we need in this business when this thing does bring back. And that's not just in manufacturing aligners. That's in being able to service customers across the board. So you'll see us balance that well as we should do from a leadership standpoint.
Shirley Stacy: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your time and look forward to speaking with you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings, including the Ortho Summit in Las Vegas next month. If you have any further questions or follow-up, please contact our Investor Relations team. Have a great day .
Operator: That concludes the conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Align Q2 2022 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. Please note this conference will be recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy with Align Technology. You may begin
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for todays call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO.  We issued second quarter 2022 financial results today via Business Wire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Todays conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately one month. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on August 10. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 866-813-9403 with access code 137829. International callers should dial 929-458-6194 using the same access code. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Aligns future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our second quarter 2022 conference call slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide an overview of our Q2 results and discuss the performance of our two operating segments, Systems and Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial performance and our view for the remainder of the year. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. I'm pleased to report solid second quarter results with top line revenues relatively unchanged from Q1, and operating margin of approximately 20%, despite unfavorable foreign exchange. The underlying market for orthodontics continues to be impacted by macroeconomic environment factors and lingering effects of COVID-19 variants in certain markets. Notwithstanding, these headwinds, we've remained focused on achieving our strategic initiatives, including opening new offices in the Middle East and Africa and our new manufacturing facility in Poland, launching new solutions to better support the way our customers want to do business, such as a doctor subscription program, and teen case packs, and announcing new products and innovation to help our doctors and their patients. These new innovations are revolutionizing the digital treatment planning and helping to drive the evolution of digital orthodontics and comprehensive dentistry. Align is well-positioned to withstand the current market conditions to lead the digital revolution in orthodontics and dentistry as the environment and growth trends improve. For System and Services, Q2 revenues were up 4.7% sequentially and up slightly year-over-year compared to Q2 2021 year-over-year growth of 215%. Q2 Services and Systems revenues increased sequentially driven by scanner volume growth in the Americas and APAC, partially offset by lower volume in EMEA, and unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. The iTero Element 5D imaging system continues to represent the majority of our scanner volume as doctors recognize the benefits of going digital. In APAC, the iTero entry-level Flex scanner offering was up sequentially in Q2, reflecting increased adoption. I'm also pleased with sequentially increasing services revenues in Q2, reflecting growth from the installed base. Services revenues represent approximately 40% of our Systems and Services business. For our Clear Aligner segment, Q2 revenues were down slightly sequentially and down 5.1% year-over-year compared to our Q2 2021 record year-over-year revenue growth of 182%. For the quarter, Q2 Clear Aligner volumes reflect sequential growth across the Americas and parts of EMEA, partially offset by China and UK Q2 Invisalign case starts for teens and younger patients was 177.3000 up slightly sequentially and down 2.1% year-over-year compared last year when our Teen case shipment growth rate was an all-time high. For Q2, Invisalign First for kids as young as six years old, grew year-over-year and was strong across all regions. During Q2, we introduced Invisalign Teen Packs in the US and Canada and France. Teen Packs, our new subscription program, which enables orthodontists to buy clear aligners and packs in advance, similar to the way they buy wires and brackets today. Our Teen Case Pack simplified the ordering process and make the billing more predictable for doctors. Teen Case Packs also include exclusive practice development benefits with the Invisalign brand and requires an incremental volume commitment from doctors. To date, enrollment has been encouraging with early adoptions highest among doctors who have not historically used Invisalign aligners to treat their teen patients. For other non-case revenues, which include retention products such as Vivera Retainers, clinical training and education, accessories, e-commerce and our new subscription programs such as our DSP revenues, were up both sequentially and year-over-year. For retainers, Q2 shipments had strong momentum with sequential and year-over-year growth across all regions driven by both submitters and utilization. Momentum in our doctor subscription program continued and Q2 revenues increased over 60% sequentially. Now let's turn to the specifics around our second quarter results, starting with the Americas. For the Americas region, Q2 Invisalign case volumes were up sequentially, reflecting increased submissions from the orthodontic channel and increased utilization from the GP channel. From a product standpoint, Q2 sequential Invisalign case growth reflects increases in both comprehensive and non-comprehensive products, including Invisalign First and Invisalign Moderate. Q2 also benefited from increased utilization in the DSO channel. Our international Clear Aligners, Q2 Invisalign case volumes were down 1.7% sequentially, primarily as a result of the headwinds described previously. For EMEA, Q2 Invisalign case volumes were down slightly primarily reflecting a slight increase in Iberia and Italy, offset primarily by slightly lower sequential volumes in the UK and France. For Q2, expansion market shipments declined sequentially. Q2 Invisalign teen patients increased sequentially driven by an increase in the number of doctors submitting teen cases. Turning to APAC. Invisalign case volumes were down slightly, reflecting a full quarter effect of continued lockdowns in China. For Q2, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan and India performed well during the quarter. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign case shipments growth was strong in Japan, India, Taiwan, Thailand and Korea. The APAC teen case volume increased year-over-year, primarily driven by increased doctor submitters. Turning to new innovations. The Align Digital Platform is an integrated suite of proprietary technologies and services delivered as a seamless end-to-end solution to customers that connects all users, doctors, labs patients and consumers to transform smiles, and change lives. Our technology advancements help our doctor customers deliver superior clinical outcomes, treatment efficiency and also superior patient experience. In Q2, we introduced Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro and Cone Beam being Computed Tomography systems, integration for ClinCheck software, building on several new innovations announced last quarter that we'll begin rolling out across the regions in August. Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro, the next-generation patient communication tool that empowers doctors to help patients visualize their potential new smile after Invisalign treatment. Use in-phase visualization in 3D dentition view, all done chairside in minutes. Cone Beam Computed Tomography systems, or what we call CBCT, integration for ClinCheck software is designed to deliver a complete view of a patient's roots, crown and jawbone. CBCT integration for ClinCheck software enables doctors to confidently deliver a more informed Invisalign clear liner treatment plan or a wide range of cases. The user-friendly interface makes easy for doctors to see their patients root, crown and jawbone and one automatically digitally fused 3D model. This allows doctors to tailor their treatment plan based on their experience and their patients' needs. CBCT integration for ClinCheck software gives doctors the control and confidence to expand treatment planning to a broad range of mal inclusions, including surgical, restorative, expansion, extraction as well as teen cases with impacted or unterrupted team. While it's still early in the commercialization of these new products, initial feedback from doctors is encouraging. We are excited to begin scaling them across our customer base in the second half of 2022. Also, during the quarter, we awarded 11 new research grants, totaling $275,000 to universities around the world. Through our annual research awards program, we help advance orthodontic and dental research, furthering our commitment to the future of digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry. Our consumer marketing is focused on educating consumers about the Invisalign system, and driving that demand to Invisalign doctors offices, ultimately capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles. For Q2, we had over 16.2 million visits to our websites, a 15% year-over-year increase, and delivered over 6.3 billion impressions. Both metrics were lower versus Q1 as we chose to rightsize our size and media spend in Q2, given the macroeconomic environment. During the quarter, we built on our successful Invis Is multimedia campaign and launched in the US the next evolution with two new campaigns, Invis Is trauma-free, targeted at teens, and Invis Is when everything clicks, targeted at adults. Our Invis Is trauma-free campaign highlights the benefits of Invisalign treatment, while numerously juxtaposing teams with the significant hassles involved with using braces. Our Invis Is when everything clicks campaign showcases Invisalign treatment, transforming smiles and the resulting confidence it gives the young adults. Both campaigns will be rolled out to markets around the world in Q3. About some of our consumer patient app My Invisalign continued to increase with 1.8 million downloads to date. Uses of our four digital tools continues to increase, for example, Invisalign virtual appointment tool was used over 12,000 times, and our insurance verification feature was used 36,000 times in Q2. Further, we received more than 91,000 patient photos in our virtual care feature globally, which continues to provide us with rich data to leverage our artificial intelligence capabilities and improve our services for doctors and patients. Additional consumer demand metrics are included in our Q2 earnings slides posted on our website. We are pleased with our Q2 Systems and Services revenues, which were up 5% sequentially and up 1% year-over-year. Q2 sequential growth primarily reflects higher scanner volumes in the Americas and APAC, and increased subscriptions. Year-over-year results primarily reflect increased scanner revenues in the Americas, offset by lower volume in APAC and EMEA. Growth of our iTero scanner installed base is driving an increase in services revenue. On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services growth reflects increased service revenues from our largest scanner installed base, higher subscription revenues and increased sales of scanner once leased. The number of intraoral digital scans used for Invisalign case submissions in Q2 reflect continued adoption of our digital scanners and our larger installed base. Total worldwide intraoral digital scan submitted to start an Invisalign case in Q2 increased 88.4% from 82.2% in Q2 of last year. International intraoral digital scans for Invisalign case submissions increased 84.4%, up from 76.2% in Q2 of last year. For the Americas, 91.4% of Invisalign cases were submitted using an intraoral digital scan compared to 87% in Q2 last year. Cumulatively, over 60.4 million orthodontic scans and over 12.6 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners. Our Q2 exocad CAD/CAM products and services, which include restorative dentistry, implantology, guided surgery and smile design offerings are included in our Systems and Services revenue. Exocad products and services are helping extend our digital dental solutions and broaden the Align Digital Platform towards fully integrated interdisciplinary end-to-end workflows. During the quarter, exocad released dental CAD 3.1 Rijeka in the new powerful lab software, which saves design time and offers more intuitive workflows along the designs earning from CAD to CAM. In addition, the release -- the exocad release launched the new, myexocad portal, introducing mandatory end-user software use registration that for the first time, allows exocad to collect information about who and how customers are using the software. This expands the opportunities for future product improvements. Also during the quarter, we signed a new long-term contract with exocads largest customer, Arming Gearbox, further strengthening our relationship. Finally, we continue to execute our strategy of geographic expansion. In June, our European manufacturing facility in Wroclaw, Poland began manufacturing clear aligners for the EMEA region. Locally, for the first time, we also continued our operational expansion in Poland with our latest treatment planning facility. Our expanded operation in Poland supports Invisalign doctors in local languages, increases our flexibility and timeliness and supporting our doctor customers across the region, and we expect will positively influence the quality and time of preparation of ClinCheck treatment plans and provide our doctor customers with benefits of digital orthodontics with the Invisalign system. We are uniquely positioned with manufacturing and treatment planning in all three regions, and no other clear aligner manufacturer has our global footprint and capabilities. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q2 financial results. Total revenues for the second quarter were $969.6 million, down 0.4% from the prior quarter and down 4.1% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. This is compared to Q2 2021 revenues of $1 billion, which had a year-over-year growth rate of 186.9%. For clear aligners, Q2 revenues of $798.4 million were down 1.4% sequentially, due primarily to product mix and unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by higher non-case revenues, and down 5.1% year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower volumes, unfavorable impact from foreign exchange and product mix shift, partially offset by higher additional aligners per order processing fees and higher non-case revenues. Q2 2022 Clear Aligner revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $12.3 million, or approximately 1.5% sequentially, and approximately $32.9 million, or approximately 4% year-over-year. For Q2, Invisalign comprehensive ASPs decreased sequentially and increased year-over-year. On a sequential basis, the decline in comprehensive ASPs reflect higher discounts and unfavorable impact from foreign exchange, partially offset by higher additional aligners. On a year-over-year basis, higher comprehensive ASPs reflect the impact of higher additional aligners and per order processing fees, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange and higher discounts. Q2 Invisalign non-comprehensive ASPs increased sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Invisalign non-comprehensive ASPs were favorably impacted by lower discounts, partially offset by product mix and unfavorable foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis, higher Invisalign non-comprehensive ASPs reflect lower discounts, per order processing fees and higher additional aligners, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange and product mix shift. Clear Aligner of deferred revenues on the balance sheet increased $25.4 million, or 2.3% sequentially and $231 million, or up 2.5% year-over-year, and will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped. Q2 2022 Systems and Services revenue of $171.2 million were up 4.7% sequentially, primarily due to higher scanner volume and ASP, and were up slightly by 0.8% year-over-year, primarily from higher services revenues from our larger installed base, partially offset by lower scanner volume and lower ASP. Systems and Services revenue were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $2.9 million, or approximately 1.7% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services revenue were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $7 million, or approximately 3.9%. Systems and Services deferred revenues on the balance sheet was $13.3 million, or 5.4% sequentially, and up $99.6 million, or 62.3% year-over-year primarily due to the increase in scanner sales and the deferral of service revenues included with the scanner purchase, which will be recognized ratably over the service period. Moving on to gross margin. Second quarter overall gross margin was 70.9%, down two points sequentially and down 4.1 points year-over-year. Overall, gross margin was unfavorably impacted by approximately 0.5 points sequentially and 1.1 points on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange. Clear Aligner gross margin for the second quarter was 73.3%, down 1.5 points sequentially due to lower ASPs and higher freight costs. Clear Aligner gross margin was down 3.6 points year-over-year due to a higher mix of additional aligner volume, higher freight and manufacturing spend, partially offset by higher ASPs. Systems and Services gross margin for the second quarter was 59.8%, down 3.6 points sequentially due to higher manufacturing variances and freight costs, partially offset by higher ASPs. Systems and Services gross margin was down 6.1 points year-over-year due to lower ASPs and higher manufacturing variances, partially offset by higher service mix. Q2 operating expenses were $499.4 million, down sequentially 2.3%, and up 2% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were down by $11.9 million mainly due to lower incentive compensation and controlled spend on advertising and marketing as part of our efforts to proactively manage costs. Year-over-year, operating expenses increased by $9.7 million, reflecting our continued investment in marketing, sales and R&D activities and investments commensurate with business growth. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangibles related to certain acquisitions and acquisition costs, operating expenses were $466 million down sequentially 3% and up 1% year-over-year. Our second quarter operating income of $188.2 million resulted in an operating margin of 19.4% and down 0.9 points sequentially and down 7.2 points year-over-year. Operating margin was unfavorably impacted by approximately 1.1 points sequentially due to foreign exchange. The year-over-year decrease in operating margin is primarily attributable to lower gross margin, investments in our go-to-market teams and technology as well as unfavorable impact from foreign exchange by approximately 2.4 points. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, of intangibles related to certain acquisitions and acquisition costs, operating margin for the second quarter was 23.3%, down 0.7 points sequentially and down 6.5 points year-over-year. Interest and other income expense net for the second quarter was a loss of $14.6 million, down sequentially by $4 million and down year-over-year by $14.5 million, primarily due to larger net foreign exchange losses from the weakening of certain foreign currencies against the US dollar. The GAAP effective tax rate in the second quarter was 35% compared to 28.4% in the first quarter and 25.7% in the second quarter of the prior year. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 25.6% in the second quarter compared to 24.2% in the first quarter and 19.5% in the second quarter of the prior year. The second quarter GAAP effective tax rate was higher than the first quarter effective tax rate primarily due to foreign income tax at different rates and lower excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Second quarter net income per diluted share was $1.44, down sequentially $0.26 and down $1.07 compared to the prior year. Our EPS was unfavorably impacted by $0.26 on a sequential basis and $0.42 on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per share was $2 for the second quarter, down $0.13 sequentially and down $1.04 year-over-year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of June 30, 2022, cash, cash equivalents and short- and long-term marketable securities were $977.2 million, down sequentially $143.4 million and down $109.2 million year-over-year. Of our $977.2 million balance, $251.4 million was held in the US and $725.8 million was held by our international entities. Q2 accounts receivable balance was $931.9 million, down approximately 2% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 85 days, down approximately two days sequentially and up approximately 13 days as compared to Q2 last year. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $127 million. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were $76 million, primarily related to our continued investments to increase aligner manufacturing capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures amounted to $51 million. In Q2, we purchased $200 million of our common stock through an accelerated stock repurchase program, receiving approximately 757,000 shares at an average price of $264.37 per share. We are over halfway through our May 2021 $1 billion repurchase program, and have approximately $450 million remaining available for purchase. Now turning to full year 2022 and the factors that influence our views on our business outlook. Overall, our Q2 results were solid, and we feel good about the execution across the business, especially in an increasingly challenging global economic environment. Delivering revenues and volumes relatively unchanged from Q1 and down only slightly year-over-year despite unfavorable impacts from foreign exchange speak to the strength of our underlying products and services and the size of our market opportunity. We remain confident in the huge underpenetrated market for digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry, our technology and our industry leadership and our ability to execute and make progress towards our long-term model of 20% to 30% revenue growth. We also remain committed to our goal for fiscal 2022 to deliver GAAP operating margins above 20%, while making strategic investments in sales, marketing, R&D and operations, notwithstanding the impact from unfavorable foreign exchange, which was not factored into our operating margin guidance for the full year. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building construction and improvements as well as a digital manufacturing capacity to support our international expansion. For 2022, we expect our investment in capital expenditures to exceed $300 million. This includes our investment in our aligner fabrication facility in Wroclaw, Poland. In times like these, our strong fundamental Business differentiates align, and we are grateful to have a profitable underlying business model that generates strong cash flow as well as a healthy balance sheet that provides flexibility to invest in our growth while supporting our employees, customers and shareholders. As we move into the second half of the year, we will continue to manage our investments to account for headwinds and uncertainty while focusing on successfully delivering on our strategic growth drivers. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, John. Closing Q2 in the first half of 2022 has proved to be tougher than we expected. As we continue to navigate macroeconomic uncertainty and weaker consumer confidence and impacts related to COVID-19 variance, we cannot lose sight of the strong fundamentals of our business and the enormous market opportunity for digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry. The decisions we make this year will have lasting strategic implications for the future of our industry and the competitive landscape. We are holding true to our business strategy, and making good progress in a very difficult operating environment. We remain committed to balancing investments to drive growth and long-term strategic priorities with near-term headwinds while acting with a sense of urgency to ensure that we're ready to capitalize and extend our global innovation leadership as growth resumes. Thanks for your time today. We look forward to updating you on our next earnings call. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Nathan Rich: Thank you, good afternoon. Hey, Joe and John. I guess, I wanted to start high level. Joe, you kind of highlighted the consistent case in revenue trends in the second quarter relative to the first. But within the context of a challenging macro environment, I guess, how does that influence your thinking on the trajectory of the business? And have you seen an impact on patient traffic to dental practices or treatment acceptance rates that's kind of driving that commentary?
Joe Hogan: Nate, it's a -- if you look at this from a domestic standpoint, you can pull out some signal, but I think you have to when you're asking a demand question like that, you have to look at this globally. And I think like John and I were just clear in our introduction that basically, if you took Asia, COVID-19 impacted us pretty tremendously in Asia. Japan for a little bit in the first part of the quarter in China almost throughout the quarter. So it was really a COVID discussion there, and it's hard to pull a demand signal out. In the United States, I mean, if you look at the data that we do, you'll see from a general practitioner standpoint or whatever, some stability in patient vision to what's going on. Our concern here is, obviously, this is a product where like a cap or a crown or cleaning or something that needs to be done, it's somewhat discretionary. And we see that from an adult standpoint, more variability in adult selection than in teens. Teens have been pretty stable in that way if we talked about before. Moving over to Europe. We're working off 300% growth rates in Europe last year, okay, which you have to internalize that. It's a pretty big comparison year-on-year. And there weren't standard vacations being taken in Europe to the beginning of the end of the second quarter and the third quarter. So overall, I'd say, as you look around the globe, I fee like -- I felt good, as we mentioned in the script, about Q1 versus Q2 and pretty much the same kind of demand pattern. But right now, I can't really give you a trajectory in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, because of the macro environment, concerns again in China from another COVID shutdown and those types of things. I hope that makes sense, Nate.
Nathan Rich: Yes, definitely. And maybe just a quick follow-up.  were you, I guess, able to size kind of the headwind from the lockdowns in China? And with that -- in that market specifically, have you started to see those volumes recover as we're starting to see those lockdowns ease?
Joe Hogan: For sure. I mean it's direct correlation there as soon as they let Shanghai open again, we saw it reflected in our order rates there. And look, we continue to feel good about China in a stable market. It's just the dramatic way that China continues to address COVID cases by major cities. This just creates a huge amount of uncertainty as when the next lockdown will be.
Nathan Rich: Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Rich. The next question is from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore. Please proceed.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Anderson: Thanks so much for the question. One thing I was wondering if you could comment about -- I know in the sort of fourth quarter of last year, and into the first quarter, you did increase the sales hiring, sequentially and year-over-year. Could you sort of talk through sort of the impact of those salespeople? Where are they in the ramp process? And how do you -- should we think about their potential for contributing in the back half of the year? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: That's a good question, Elizabeth. Obviously, our sales force -- being a direct sales force is really important to us in that way. And so the way we do this, obviously, as you indicated, we hire a lot of salespeople upfront. We have sales training programs too that help to initiate them as they come into the corporation. But I would tell you, depending on where you are around the globe, there is a six-month and nine-month burn-in period, before you really feel that they're up to speed. They understand the Invisalign system, the digital platform and those types of things. So I would say in some simpler kinds of situations geographically, it could be six months. But in general, it's nine months or so before we have confidence that they're going to be really good on their feet as they talk to our doctors.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. That's helpful. And then one thing that depressed me in the quarter a little bit was about the teen number. I know that sometimes this quarter, it's been off because of COVID in terms of seasonality, and it's not necessarily always the strongest quarter for teen. But how are you thinking about that versus the economic sensitivity of adult cases and sort of how -- do you expect that to sort of trend in the sort of near-term?
Joe Hogan: Yes. Keep in mind, we see a lot more concern from an adult standpoint, when you look year-over-year in the sense of our order growth in adults, I mean it's been affected Elizabeth, and there's a lot of data that we produce that will show you that. On the teen side, it's hard to pull a lot of the second quarter because it really starts in the third quarter. But I felt overall good about it, but again, not surprised because we've always felt that teens have a certain window of time from a treatment standpoint. And so it's not necessarily an emotional purchase in a way, it's usually planned for and anticipated. And -- and what we saw between the second quarter and beginning of the third quarter, it really bears that out.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Joe Hogan: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you, Ms. Anderson. Our next question is from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. I'll follow up on teen, maybe just to go there. I think worldwide teen was down year-over-year. And I believe, Joe, you mentioned that teen and APAC was up year-over-year, which sort of implies that North American teen was down maybe a decent amount. So anything to call out there? Why do we see that maybe specific to North America? And then more importantly, you did have some positive commentary around teen case packs, you talked about enrollment. So maybe just talk to us on how long it might take for the teen case pack program in North America to give that segment a shot in the arm and then your plans to roll that out internationally? I've got a follow-up.
Joe Hogan: Jon, on the teen side, remember, we kind of lost -- or we had a muted signal on the team side. It needs to be very clear from quarter-to-quarter before COVID. If you remember last year, it was much more muted. This year, we're hoping to see a less muted cycle. And I think we're starting to feel that, Jon. So it's -- I don't think you can look too much between what we're doing between the first quarter and second quarter and pull a clear teen signal out of there. The other thing on teen too is there's always competitive concern with other clear aligner whatever. But basically, this is a wires and brackets competition with us. It's always been and continues to be that way. And in new products that we're launching these teen packs, we feel good about them. They've been -- as I mentioned in my script too, they've been received well. And it's been with the lower-end orthodontics from our standpoint that haven't done a lot of teen cases in the past. And that's a segment that we were fishing for to give them more confidence to be able to move in with teens. So we're not declaring victory, but we feel we have a good product that's timed well. And we're not seeing the cycles in the teen marketplace as we're seeing in the adult marketplace. And obviously, Jon, as we get through the third quarter, we'll have a much better understanding of how we turn out that way. But I didn't pull anything out between the first and the second quarter that concerned me.
Jon Block: Got it. Helpful. Thank you. And then for my second one, let me try to maybe jam two in one, and hopefully not make a mess of it. So just for us on the 3Q versus 2Q overall case volumes, China is reopened. China is a decent chunk of business for you guys. So if China snaps back, you talked about Shanghai, then maybe talk to us on why we wouldn't see you guys resume some sequential growth 3Q versus 2Q? I know there's many other markets. And then maybe just to stick with China. I just love your thoughts on what's going on over there, maybe in terms of market share, your main competitor had some quasi numbers out recently. It looked like they were down mid-single digits in cases 1H 2022 year-over-year, which quite honestly, I actually thought that was a good number considering the environment. So I would love your thoughts on just China and your ability to hold share on what's going on from a market share perspective? Thanks guys.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. I'll start with the China and move backwards, Jon. And I'll get John involved here, too. But from the China side, obviously, we saw what you published there, whatever, but I looked at Angel numbers, and it basically same thing we experienced. I mean, we experienced a shutdown of Shanghai, slowdowns in some other regions, and there was nothing in those numbers that really surprised me. As I look at China, our ability to compete there. I feel great about it. And again, our investments we've made there in treatment planning and manufacturing. We've only added to that. The efficiency of those organizations have done well. Our product is great for that marketplace, and some of the most difficult cases that we encounter exist there, too. So I feel good about our ability to compete in that market against Angel or anyone else who's there. We just need a stable marketplace that we can operate in, and it hasn't been stable for -- goodness knows, it's been, what, almost two years. And I mean I just read this morning, the Wuhan's looking at the close down. So I mean, Jon, there's a lot of variability there, a concern with COVID and shutdowns, particularly in the second half of this year in China, but I continue to be concerned about that can disrupt the marketplace. But if that stays clear, we're going to have China in the second half that we can operate from. To answer your question, I feel good about our competitive position there, our ability to compete against with anyone.
John Morici: And we should see some of the sequential history that we normally see in our business. It goes to what Joe said that, there's just some unforeseen variables that are still there. If there is a shutdown in China, that will impact our numbers. If there's no shutdown, we should see sequential improvement. And then you have some of the other macro economics that we've talked about in terms of potential recession or other things that people are concerned about, that affects their decisions on whether they go into treatment. But we're watching closer to see how sequentially things are behaving and making investments appropriate based on what we see.
Joe Hogan: And Jon, sorry, just staying back to your second question...
Jon Block: Sorry. if I can just jump in...
Joe Hogan: Go ahead, Jon.
Jon Block: Sorry, Joe. I was just going to say, John and Joe, maybe to follow up on that lasts comment just for clarity purposes because I think it's an important one. Are you guys saying sort of as you sit here today, who the heck knows what's going on with Wuhan, I don't know, something worse incrementally with the economy. But as we sit here today in late July, you're expecting the resumption of sequential growth off the 2Q number, this evening?
Joe Hogan: Well, I'd say, Jon, expecting anything in this market might be a sign of a low IQ. When you look at what's going on in China, I'm not going to sit here and tell you I expect a stable market in the second half based on their COVID policies. So I hope -- from the United States standpoint, there's a lot going on trying to explain to the teen market overall outside of China, I feel is the most stable market we have, and the one that we're ready to compete with, and we're moving into seasonality, what really makes a difference. We have -- we're positioned well with products. But as you know, Jon, as well as anybody, that's always been a wires and brackets marketplace. We've been taking share 1.5 points, two points a year. We're hoping some moves we make can make that better, but we'll know a lot more when the third quarter is over in the sense.
Jon Block: Okay. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Block. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Joe  hey, Joe, so I just wanted to talk maybe on the doctor shift to that number this quarter. It's trended down each of the last couple of quarters. This quarter in the Americas, it did trend back up just a touch. What are your views on what that means? Is that a -- market stabilized a little bit? Is that maybe the competitive positioning is stabilizing a little bit? Just how do you view that number in the Americas? And is there room left in the Americas for that number over the next couple of years to keep moving higher? Are you kind of at a point where you've saturated kind of the Americas market with a number of doctors who are going to be performing in these cases?
Joe Hogan: Just to answer your last part of your question first, Jeff. No, we have a lot of room to grow in the Americas, too. In United States, Canada, but also you have to throw in Latin America and Brazil in that. There's a lot of growth, John and I have ported over these numbers a lot. You know what happens, if you backed these numbers up before really the big surge in orders that we had before, we can draw a line through these things. It doesn't upset us. You have to split orthos and GPs very clearly. Remember, you have some GPs that do like three cases a year. As things kind of slow down, they'll be out of the circulation for a while and then they order another and whatever. And these numbers will go up 81, 1,000, 2,000, we'll see them go up and down. But don't look at this in any way as that we're saturated in this marketplace, both from an orthodontic standpoint and a GP standpoint. Jeff, the other thing too, I think, that people forget from an orthodontic standpoint is that our orthodontists who do teens. These are orthodontists that are really committed to Invisalign for the most part, and they do a lot of teens. But we still have a significant amount of orthodontists at do Invisalign almost exclusively for adults. And so you'll see that whole piece from a utilization standpoint as we increase our team penetration, you should see the utilization rates there improve.
Jeff Johnson: Yeah, that's helpful. And then maybe kind of a follow-up on all that a two-parter, just the international number again, kind of, did tick down a little bit that number of factors shipped to internationally. One, I would assume you think there's a lot more room even there to saturate that market over the next few years, that would seem to make sense to me anyway. But is there any way to look at what that number did in China? And was there sequential decline largely driven by the shutdowns in China, or ex-China, would that number have been up? And then I was a little surprised to hear cases down, I think you said in UK year-over-year. Is that just a tough comp, or what's going on in the UK? I think we are all aware of China pressures in early, Japan pressures or early quarter Japan pressures, but UK caught me off guard a little bit there? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: I'll answer the UK piece first. The UK was outstanding for us last year. Remember, Europe grew 300% for us last year, Jeff, right? The UK led that. So I'm sure that UK number is higher than what that aggregate number is. And so what you're seeing is adult retrenchment in the UK from an order standpoint, but not an indication of a utilization issue that I'd say, across the doctor base that we have in the UK. John, I don't know : And just on the China piece or the APAC piece for international. So that was certainly an impact in terms of the lockdowns, and doctors just not being able to transact and therefore, don't have ship to. So the international side of the doctor ship was certainly impacted by COVID. We won't break it out by the sub-regions. But that was an impact that look, as those offices open up, as those lockdowns are minimized, we would expect that to increase from a ship to stand.
Jeff Johnson: Thanks guys.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. Thanks Jeff.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Johnson. Our next question is from the line of Justin Lin [ph] with William Blair. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon. Can you just touch on your sales and marketing spending strategy a little bit in the short-term and longer term? I guess, when can you decide to flip the switch?
Joe Hogan: You mean flip the switches as far as up or down?
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, yeah.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. I mean, obviously, obviously, we saw our adults dramatically decreased, and so the return on investment in some specific geographies. John, as I take a look at it, and we don't eliminate it, but we reduce it in accordance with what we think the demand pattern is. And we spread it around into other countries that we feel we can get a higher return on. And we just basically sizing our advertising to what we think the demand patterns are around the business in different areas. And so I wouldn't look at this as any way that we'll continue to advertise aggressively and promote our brand and to drive value in our change to bring customers to our doctor base, but we can be responsible to we can advertise at the rate that we did last year when we were growing at over 100% in a lot of these regions, we have to modify it somewhat in order to address that demand pattern.
John Morici: And we adjust into the market. So keep the overall brand awareness, keep that averages. Remember, still sudden spending even as we right-size things, hundreds of millions of dollars in marketing and media to be able to go to market, drive that awareness. But then in certain markets, if there's COVID or if there's economic concerns and so on, we're adjusting things to make sure that we right-size and continue to make sure that we make the right trade-off between how we're investing in go-to-market, and continue to reinvest in the rest of the business like R&D and operations.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's very helpful. And I guess just pivoting to a more sort of higher-level question. Any update on commercial operations in sort of your emerging markets like Brazil, India, Africa, what would you say current penetration levels are over there? And I guess, realistically, how much revenue can you capture from those regions in the next, let's say, five to 10 years?
A  Joe Hogan:  And the region that you mentioned were really underpenetrated, huge opportunity. I mean we've seen great progress in Brazil. We're seeing good progress in India. Reported in -- I mean, it's -- when we talk about those 500 million patients, they're out there. And the way to get them is we do -- we put salespeople in place. We put the right kind of capability on the ground. This is a direct sales force that you have to have in order to sell our product line. But to answer your specific question, the penetration rates aren't even close. And that's -- again, you can see that in our script, that's how we remain so confident that in a stable environment, we'll continue to perform really well.
John Morici: And we're built as a company to really expand into those markets. We've got that global footprint for manufacturing now in all three geographies. We've got treatment planning. We've got that go-to-market sales force -- direct sales force with great products. So we're built in all those markets. We like the dynamics of these markets where you have a growing middle class, big population. You've got people who want to straighten their teeth, and we've got a great way for them to get to that. So all the markets you described as well as many others, those are where we think of some of the investments because it's a great return on those investments.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you very much.
Joe Hogan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. [indiscernible]. Our next question is from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Jason.
Jason Bednar: Hey, good afternoon. Yes. So Joe, I'll go big picture here in the US market, and maybe go back to clarifying point on Jon Block's question earlier. On one hand, demand in the category broadly just did seem to show some signs of moderation in the second half of last year relation to a bit of a leading indicator in other parts of high end then on the help of the average consumer. I mean this needs are going to be coming into some easier absolute comparisons as we head into the back half of this year, which I don't know, maybe helps reverse this downtrend in Invisalign case growth. But I guess we're also in the early days of what still could be some more pain coming for the consumer. So I guess what dominates in your opinion? Do the easier comps dominate, or does it more challenge on consumer dominate? And again, just thinking about the domestic market you're and ignoring again some of that China and predictability that's out there.
Joe Hogan: Yes. I'll let John take a shot at this, too. But I would say, I mean, obviously, you talk about easier comps. I mean when you're comping against 300% growth, like we just talked about, it's one of the tougher comps on a large number I've had in my business career. And so obviously, when you get some light on that line, it helps somewhat. But consumer confidence. I'd say, outside of the COVID, the way I'd look at the business again is COVID affected Asia in a big way. We had some COVID staffing issues or whatever, but predominantly in the West, it's consumer confidence that we look at. And so those consumer confidence numbers start to equalize to start to get better. Some of the ones we look in Europe are all-time lows. I feel that means a lot. It means that means more to meet in those comparisons years from here. We report more confidence in consumers in a trend where in that kind of environment, we think we see the adult cases resume at a pace that we'd be equal to our long-term growth rate.
John Morici: Yes. It's consumer confidence overall, and in certain cases
Jason Bednar: I guess, just real quick, I guess I would -- yeah, I guess I was just focusing more on the US market. And I totally understand Europe and China and APAC and all the different dynamics there. But just in within the US market, I mean, the comps do get easier, absolute comps -- they did tick down starting in the second half of last year. So just I'd be where I'd be focusing the question here, sorry to interrupt.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. No, Jason, that's okay. I look at the United States too is -- I just give you consumer confidence more than anything. Not just saying that there's no big variant issue or something that happens with COVID. We're all kind of have PTSD in that sense and what we experienced over the last two years. But yeah, I like the comparison year-over-year. That's going to be helpful. But those consumer confidence numbers, whether I'm talking about Europe or I'm talking about the States, those are the ones that we stay alluded to that we think are a really good indicator in the sense of our market, and that adult market that we appeal to, both in the GP segment and the adult market in the orthodontic segment, too.
John Morici: And the piece that I would add to the US is just that as we get into teen season now as we go from Q2 to Q3. Teens will be important to see. We've got great products. We've got great go-to-market opportunities to be able to grow in those markets and get more market share. When we think of teens everywhere in the world, it's single digit and even in the US. So we look at growth opportunities that will be teens, maybe a little bit less of more resistant to maybe some of that consumer concerns that they have. Consumer concerns certainly show up on the adult side, but we think teams can help offset that just a bit because it's less discretionary.
Jason Bednar: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just a quick follow-up here. A lot of questions out there right now from investors on the decremental margin impact for the business with volumes and revenue doing what it's doing here. You added a lot of head count. It's significantly expanded branding and advertising efforts during the pandemic really helped to widen the competitive moat, so really impressive. It sounds like some of that marketing though has been recalibrated here. Are there further resets that -- with the OpEx structure that might be necessary in this environment? And I guess, what's the trigger for you to decide that a further rightsizing is necessary?
Joe Hogan: I mean rightsizing, when I hear words like that, it means that we've gone to the layoffs, so we haven't laid anything off. Remember, we -- any one off in that sense. We normally hire to a 20% to 30% growth rate. And so -- and we -- our OpEx spend is in that range, too. So, obviously, we didn't -- we couldn't hire in that range, and so if you call that a cutback, it's a cutback from our normal OpEx. What we do is we normally balance OpEx to revenue at about a 50% range, and there's a lot of variables in that line from an OpEx standpoint that we can go about. Remember, our most important areas that we want to make sure we take care of is our commercial team, our engineering effort and also our marketing. We know those are really key. And we focus on those, and we balance the business well. John, anything you want to add?
John Morici: It's a balance, both short and long-term. So as we balance out our plans, we look to the growth opportunities we have, we want to make sure we continue to invest in those growth opportunities. But then obviously, we have to be mindful of the current conditions that we're in, and we'll adjust as needed to still maximize the return on investments that we're making.
Jason Bednar: All right. Thanks so much.
John Morici: Thanks Jason.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Bednar. Our next question is from the line of Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Erin Wright: Great. Thanks. And I wanted to ask another Americas teen question here. But just given the seasonality and given this is an area where you should have some better visibility. I just want to clarify, does this -- does this mean you're going to see a meaningful sequential pickup in the coming quarter, or why would that not happen for you? And just given that should be an area more under your control here. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Our normal growth pattern between the second quarter and the third quarter is flat to down 1 percentage point or so. John can confirm that. So the second quarter to third quarter is a big teen season, but there's other parts of our portfolio that kind of balance out with that. It's not traditionally a jump from second to third quarter. But again, we're focused on teens because we feel teens have a lot less elasticity than what adults have right now based on the consumer confidence level. So I just -- but I'd just caution you here. Remember, this is a wires and brackets play. It's something that's systemic that we have worked on for years. We have many new products like Invisalign First, I mean give advancement and several new teen products that help us with this. The new teen packs help also. We think we're well positioned, but we have to get into the quarter and be able to assess how well that market is actually holding up. John, anything...
John Morici: But specifically in the US, US teen, we should see sequential improvement as we get into teen season, going from Q2 to Q3, notwithstanding any occurrences that happened from an economic standpoint, but the expectation is given our products, given the opportunity, given the utilization that we have, we should be able to see growth. Notwithstanding, anything else that gets in our way.
Erin Wright: Okay. Thanks. And then ASPs for the balance of the year, how should we be thinking about that and the FX impact?
John Morici: Erin, FX, obviously, Q1 to Q2 was a big impact in FX. We see it in the numbers from revenue all the way down to our EPS. I would think of it's tough to forecast where FX is going to go. Certainly, dollar has strengthened. I think you kind of take the numbers that they're at now and kind of play that forward for the rest of the year is how we look at that. I think from an overall ASP standpoint, there's always going to be puts and takes. So we're not doing anything different from a discounting standpoint, how we're going to market and so on. You might have some mix effects that come through. But I take the FX rates kind of as they are now, project those forward and then ASP should be too much different than what you see now notwithstanding any FX.
Erin Wright: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Ms. Wright. The next question is from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks, John, a quick follow-up on that FX question. I appreciate all the details in the deck. It is very, very helpful. Just curious, what is the estimated impact of currency on the operating margin for the year now in the ballpark?
John Morici: Well, ballpark, I would look at that is about 1 point, maybe just over 1 point of impact. We saw that 1.1 point impact from Q1 to Q2 in op margin. I would kind of look at the full year and about the same.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. And then Joe, on the scanner business, any color between the North American segment and international in terms of growth rate, how would you sort of characterize the capital spending environment in those two regions, specifically?
Joe Hogan: Yes. I'll start with -- I mean, obviously, we had trouble selling scanners in China because China shut down. And China is one of our bigger markets is between China and Japan and Asia. So I didn't look at that so much as and overall market problem, I looked at that as more of a COVID problem. And so hopeful of, as I mentioned before, if that COVID stays clear, that will write itself. United States, just a good job by the team, strong demand there. 5G plus tends to be the really strong scanner out there. On the restorative side, dentists liking the NERI, the near-infrared technology for carries detection and orthodontists continue like the exactness of how our workflows at all from an overall iTero standpoint. So I feel good about the Americas and what the performance was in that piece. And as I mentioned in my script is 40% with a large installed base now, 40% is services, too, which is really helpful in that business overall. And look, I feel good about, again, our scanners in Europe compared to get some pretty big numbers again last year. So I wouldn't be blinded by the year-over-year number in that sense. But Europe has the added pressure right now from a Ukraine standpoint. It's just -- it wears on the consumer sentiment piece. I think it makes docs a little more reluctant in -- but there's -- I feel good about our position in Europe from a scanner standpoint. And as the market hopefully starts to stabilize here, we'll see that business that we had return loans.
Brandon Couillard: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Please proceed.
Kevin Caliendo: Hi, thanks for getting me in. So just want to think about how -- or what it would take for you guys to feel comfortable with providing guidance again, or feeling comfortable that you can hit your longer term targets rather than making progress towards it. Do we need to see consumer confidence go back above 99% or something like that, or I mean, at the beginning of the year, you caveated and said, listen, if there's no more COVID outbreaks, we'd still be able to do this. What do you need to see before you can come to us and say, hey, we're back on track or we think we can do this? So we feel comfortable. We're going to be able to grow at ex-rate going forward, even be able to provide guidance for like a quarter going forward, even if it's not for the full year. What needs to happen, in your mind?
Joe Hogan: I'll turn it over to John. But first of all is, remember, we don't carry inventory in this business outside of scanners. So it's a real-time business. We don't have any inventory to reflect from or any -- very little business from a week-to-week standpoint. So I'll move it over to John, but keep that in mind that we, kind of, feel these trends early on both ends. As the economy picks up, we'll probably feel it first. And as it turns down, we feel it by just the nature of the business first.
John Morici: It really comes down to, Kevin, more just having more predictability on a macro basis, understanding you mentioned COVID and thinking that we're through it, then you have China lockdowns or some of the consumer sentiment and things that come up that are outside of our control, we feel very good about being able to control what we can control, making the right investments as we go to market or adding investments in R&D to better our products and so on, and drive that return. And, therefore, like I said, we can manage that 20%, thats something that we can manage as we go through the quarter. It really comes out to having more predictability on a macro basis. And once we get confidence in that, and we work our way to that understanding, look, the economies are going to do what they're going to do. They're going to go up or down. But if I have more predictability on the direction that they're going and how they're going to go, then we can give a good forecast.
Kevin Caliendo: All right. Appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Caliendo. Our next question is from the line of Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thanks for taking the question guys. I have kind of a follow-up to one of the earlier ones, and some that Kevin just asked sort of on the moving pieces going forward. I mean we spent a lot of time talking about China lockdowns and the impact that had, and there was some discussion on consumer confidence as well. But it was sort of brought up in the sense of, well, what happens when things improve. I hate to be the pessimist here, but can we talk about the other side of things as inflation is one thing and consumer sentiment and consumer confidence is another thing. But recessionary impact, if unemployment goes higher, if job losses start to accelerate, there is a scenario where things are -- should get worse for the next couple of quarters before they get better. So can you talk through sort of how you view the likelihood of that happening, the impact you think it will have on the business? And also sort of what's your response going to be what's the game plan? You talked a little bit about controlling costs in the quarter already. What would be the other levers you would pull if things for the consumer in the Americas and in Europe get materially worse over the next three to six to nine months?
Joe Hogan: It's Joe. Look, I think you've seen that -- I feel we've been responsible in the sense of adjusting the business to a lower demand signal than the business is used to having. I think you saw us respond the same way when COVID hit in March of in 2020, and how we ran the business. If it gets worse, and it could get worse is the way -- I mean from the standpoint of whatever happens from an economic standpoint. I'd just say that, look, John and I come from businesses where we've been through these cycles. We know how to operate in a down cycle. We run a business that way. This is a growth business, and we'll treat it as a growth business, but we're responsible from a standpoint of making sure that we adjust this business to whatever economic conditions that we see out there.
John Morici: And as a result, we've been able to make these adjustments. We're fortunate as a company to have the cash position, the balance sheet that we have and all these other. And in the end, you know the story, we have a huge opportunity to be able to grow. You just have this in our way. And like Joe said, and what many others say is it could get worse. We have to be able to be able to balance those short-term worse to with our long-term goal of being able to make Invisalign the standard of care. And that's what we're balancing right now, and that could play out -- that will play out in the next -- whatever, a year to 18 months, things will evolve. We hope that the economies improve. We hope that that a lot of this has just got a short term and things get better. And when things do get better, we're well positioned to be able to grow into this market, but we just have to be based on the realities of what's happening in short term.
Michael Ryskin: Great. And a quick follow-up, if I can. On 1Q, you kind of gave some comments on pacing through the quarter, and gave some comments on April as it relates to March. Kind of get the sense that things probably slowed down at the end of 2Q or bit in June, both between FX and China lockdowns being worse. Any sense you can give on sort of the progression through the course of 2Q? And just any early signs you've seen from July, again, realize that walk-down in China and FX is playing a big role. But maybe if you could just focus on America's trends through the quarter, and July. That will be helpful.
John Morici: Yes. No, it's a good question. So if you think like an overall picture, you hit some of the FX and so on, you look -- everybody can look at FX rates and see the changes and so on, you can project based on those. When you talk about a COVID lockdown or talk specifically in China, there was an impact for us. And we've seen that in the first quarter, we saw it in the second quarter, but it's -- happens in China. It happens in every place that we see where there's a lockdown, we have a reduction in volume. Where that lockdown goes away, the volume starts to come back. So I would say when you think of China, as you go from lockdown to not lockdown, that's favorable for us. We start to see some of the volume come back. And I think when you look at -- I think part of your question is around the US, I think what do you see for the US is it's -- maybe things stabilizing a little bit more. You're not seeing -- maybe it's pretty similar to what we exited Q2 into Q3. And I think when you look at the team benefit that ideally comes through with some of the products and programs that we have in teen in the US and other places, but focus on the US, we think that's helpful for us as we go from Q2 to Q3.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Ryskin. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Shirley Stacy for closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings. And if you have any follow-up questions, please contact our Investor Relations team. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference, and you may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Align Q1 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy with Align Technology. You may begin
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us. Im Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for todays call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO, and John Morici, CFO. We issued first quarter 2022 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Todays conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately one month. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM, Eastern Time, through 5:30 PM, Eastern Time, on May 11th. To access the telephone replay domestic callers should dial 866-813-9403 with access code 335004. International callers should dial 929-458-6194 using the same access code. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements including statements about Aligns future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our Form -- in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We have posted historical financial statements including the corresponding reconciliations including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our first quarter 2022 conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, Ill turn the call over to Align Technologys President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide an overview of our Q1 results and discuss the performance of our two operating segments; Systems and Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial performance and our view for the remainder of the year. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. Overall, the first quarter proved to be a tougher-than-expected operating environment globally and we believe our results primarily reflect three key factors; the continued impact of COVID-19 waves in every region and especially in China, with its restrictions and lockdowns under their Zero COVID policy; a weaker economic environment and waning consumer confidence driven by increasing inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions; and the military conflict in the Ukraine and fallout across Europe. In addition, with approximately half our business occurring outside the United States, unfavorable foreign exchange rates negatively impacting our revenues, margins, and EPS. Notwithstanding these headwinds, Q1 2022 total revenues of $973.2 million were up 8.8% year-over-year compared to Q1 2021 revenues of $894 million with a growth rate of 62% year-over-year. Our Q1 2022 operating income was $198 million and operating margin was 20.4%. In Q1, Systems and Services revenues were up 15.6% year-over-year, but down 24% sequentially coming off our sixth consecutive quarter of sequential growth and record scanner and services revenue. Sequential results primarily reflect lower volumes from our aforementioned headwinds and from seasonality as Q4 is historically a stronger capital equipment sales quarter. For Q1, Clear Aligner revenues were up 7.5% year-over-year, reflecting revenue growth across regions and products and were down slightly sequentially from Q4 at minus 0.7%. In the teen segment, 175,000 teen started treatment with Invisalign Aligners, up 6% year-over-year. Invisalign First for kids as young as six years old grew sequentially year-over-year and was strong across all regions. Q1 non-case revenues would include doctor-prescribed retention products, clinical training and education and other dental consumables performed well and grew both year-over-year and sequentially. Our Doctor Subscription Plan, or DSP, pilot was launched last year in the United States and Canada, and it continues to ramp nicely, driving strong revenue growth. DSP is a monthly subscription program, designed for a segment of experienced Invisalign doctors, who are not regularly using our retainers or low-stage aligners. We're very excited about the feedback and uptake we're seeing, and we'll expand the program into other markets this year Here are just a few things from doctors who are saying about DSP. Dr. De Ferris in Santa Barbara, California, 'we have shifted our retention model and workflow. We really like the material, the fit and the precision of the product and having everything in Align systems versus printing in-house and having to maintain it ourselves.' Dr. Sandra Tai, in Vancouver, Canada, 'This program fits my business model very well. I'm able to pass savings to patients.' Now let's turn to the specifics around the first quarter results, starting with the Americas. For Q1, Invisalign case volumes were down 1.5% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Americas case volumes were down 4.3%, primarily reflecting the impact from COVID-19 waves. First experience in North America beginning in Q4 2021 and continue into Q1 and later in Latin America, causing consumers customer staffing shortages and practice closures as well as decreased patient traffic and increased deployment cancellations. The latest data from the gauge practice analysis tool that collect and consolidates data from about 700 ortho practices, covering more than 1,000 orthodontists across 1,600 locations in the United States and Canada, showed weakening underlying patient demand trends in the first quarter for both adult and teens and across wires and brackets and Clear Aligner products. New patient visits were down 7.6% year-over-year ortho starts were down 7.2% year-over-year. In the DSO channel, in Q1 2022, DSO practices grew faster than non-DSO practices with utilization led by Heartland and Smile Doctors. Earlier this month, we announced a new DSO partnership with Dental Corp, Canada's largest and fastest-growing network of dental practices. Dental Corp plans to extend its offering of Invisalign brand, Clear Aligner treatment to Canadians nationwide through its ortho acceleration program. This strategic collaboration also provides dental course network of doctors across nearly 460 practices with access to enhanced benefits, dedicated learning opportunities, and treatment planning support for the Invisalign system. Also this month, we launched a new Invisalign Teen subscription program in the United States and Canada to help unlock the massive opportunity from teen orthodontics, which makes up approximately 75% of the 5 million annual case starts in North America. The teen subscription program enables orthodontists to buy Clear Aligners in case packs in advance, much like the way they buy wires and brackets today, offering simple and more predictable billing for doctors. It also includes exclusive practice development benefits with the Invisalign brand and requires an incremental volume commitment from doctors. The timing of the new teen program coincides with the beginning of the summer teen season, and we're excited to continue partnering with doctors to grow their practice with Invisalign treatment with less than 10% share of teen case starts, the teen subscription program has the potential to help accelerate Invisalign adoption in the largest segment of the orthodontic market teams.  For our international business, Q1 Invisalign case volumes were up 3% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, international case volumes were down 6.1%, primarily reflecting the headwinds described earlier, especially the impact of COVID-19 restrictions and lockdowns in China in the fallout across Europe from the military conflict in Ukraine.  For EMEA, Q1 Invisalign case with core growth in our core markets led by Italy and Germany and doc, along with the growth expansion markets led by Turkey and EMEA. The Q1 year-over-year Invisalign case volume in EMEA was driven by increased emissions, primarily from the orthodontist channel, especially in the teen market. During the quarter, we launched our first ever directed teen campaign in EMEA focused on educating teens about the benefits in Invisalign treatment over traditional wires and brackets, increasing consumer demand as part of our wider teen growth plan, combined with our parent of teen campaign and to help give teens critical influence in the parent decision by driving peer word of mouth.  More recently, we launched the Invisalign Go Express system, the latest addition to the Invisalign Go portfolio for general dentists. First launched in EMEA in 2016 as a 20-stage aligner treatment offering, the Invisalign Go portfolio system is designed for general dentists to treat mild to moderate malocclusions, to integrate tooth alignment into restorative and comprehensive dental care. Additionally, building of our European manufacturing facility in Wroclaw, Polar remains on track to go live this quarter, increasing our flexibility and timeliness in supporting our value doctor customers across the EMEA region. Turning to APAC for Q1. APAC Invisalign case volumes were up 4.7% year-over-year. With strengthened the GP dentist channel, primarily through increased Invisalign submissions with the Invisalign Go product and in the teen market with increased submissions from the orthodontic channel. On a sequential basis, APAC was down 2.6%, reflecting a larger impact from surges in new COVID-19 cases that led to significant lockdowns in China.  Alternatively, despite headwinds, Japan and Taiwan performed well. We had strong growth in emerging markets like Korea and India and Thailand on a year-over-year basis. Earlier this month, we expanded the Invisalign Clear Aligner product portfolio with new offerings that better serve the expanding market in China. The two new products Invisalign Adult and Invisalign Standard Clear Aligners are designed for more specific types of malocclusion cases and private doctors and their patients with a more clinical and affordable options for moderate to complex cases.  Invisalign Adult and Invisalign Standard Clear Aligners built on our proven technology for a wider range and scope in malocclusion.  During the quarter we announced new Invisalign innovations for the Align Digital platform. Proprietary combination of software, systems and services designed to provide a seamless experience and workflow that integrates and connects all users, doctors, labs, patients and consumers. These new Invisalign innovations include ClinCheck Live update, the Invisalign Practice App, Invisalign Personalized Plan or IPP, Invisalign Smile Architect and the cone beam computed tomography, CDCT integration feature for ClinCheck digital treatment planning software. These innovations will revolutionize digital treatment planning for orthodontics and restorative dentistry by providing doctors with greater flexibility and real-time treatment plan access and modification capabilities. Each of these innovations are designed to enhance Invisalign treatment planning quality, efficiency, and scale and contribute to a better doctor-patient experience. More recently, we introduced a new enhancement for the Invisalign system with mandibular advancement feature. The Invisalign system with mandibular advancement is the only clinically proven Clear Aligner product in the world today that address a Class II correction with simultaneous alignment. Using feedback from customers, we've enhanced the original design with new enhanced precision wins that provide increased durability and comfort as well as great overlap to help ensure that the Aligners remain seated and properly engaged to more effectively address Class II malocclusions in growing preteen and teen patients. Our consumer marketing focus on educating consumers about the Invisalign system and driving that demand to Invisalign doctors' offices ultimately capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles. In Q1, we built on a successful Invis Is Multimedia campaign across the Americas, EMEA and APAC driving awareness and interest in Invisalign treatment with adult, teen, and parent consumer segments. Globally, we delivered strong impression volume with over 23.7 million visits to our websites, 11 with a -- 113% [ph] year-over-year increase and over 7.8 billion impressions delivered, representing a 32% year-over-year increase. In the US, we continue to amplify our campaigns across the top social platforms such as TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, and YouTube to increased awareness of Invisalign brand with young adults and teens. Our campaigns featured collaborations with some of the largest influencers in social media, including Charli D'Amelio, Lana Condor, Devon Key, Michael Le, and Josh Richards. Each of these creators shared their personal experience with Invisalign treatment and why they chose to transform their smiles with Invisalign Aligners. To continue growing our young adult business across the Americas, EMEA, and APAC, we hold upon our successful Invis Is a Powerful Thing campaign, which highlights how powerful the smile transformation with Invisalign treatment can be for even young adults' self-confidence. We leverage top influers like Leana Green and Lana Condor and integrated media campaigns. Further, we are expanding our collaboration with influencers globally and are excited to welcome Olympic Gold Medalist, Suni Lee and creators Josh Richards, [indiscernible], and Scarlett Estevez who have chosen to shape their smiles with Invisalign treatment. In the EMEA region, we accelerated our media investments across digital media platforms, including YouTube, TikTok, Meta, and Snapchat and expanded our Invisalign Smile squad roster with new influencers. Additionally, we launched a pilot in the UK to reach teams with special campaigns to create awareness of the unique benefits of Invisalign treatment. Our consumer campaigns delivered more 8.8 million unique visitors to our website, representing 170% increase year-over-year with over 2.5 billion media impressions. We continue to expand our investment in consumer advertising across the APAC region, excluding -- including China, resulting in a 278% increase year-over-year in unique visitors and a 265% year-over-year increase in impressions. We continue to strengthen our investments in Australia by expanding our reach via social media platforms such as TikTok, Meta, and YouTube. In Japan, we built upon our successful consumer campaigns by expanding into Twitter and continue to see strong response from consumers as evidenced by a 373% increase in unique visitors to our site. For our Systems and Services business, Q1 revenues were up 15.6% year-over-year, reflecting strong scanner shipments and services and down 24.2% sequentially, primarily reflecting lower volumes from the previous mentioned headwinds and capital equipment seasonality. During the past quarter, we saw continued adoption of the iTero Element 5D imaging system we launched last year that features innovative technology like near infrared technology that we call NIRI, which age into detection and monitoring of Interproximal Caries Lesions or cavities without -- above the gingiva without harmful radiation. A strong indicator of the digital adoption within dental offices is a number of intraoral scans used for Invisalign case submissions. Total worldwide in oral digital scan submitted to start an Invisalign case in Q1 increased to 87.1% from 80.9% in Q1 last year. International intraoral digital scans for Invisalign case submissions increased to 83%, up from 75% in Q1 last year. For the Americas, 91% of Invisalign cases were submitted using an intraoral digital scan compared to 85.5% in Q1 of last year. Cumulatively, over 54.9 million orthodontic scans and over 11.4 million restorative scans have been formed with iTero scanners. During the quarter, the iTero Element 5D Plus won the best new imaging or CAD/CAM product from DrBicuspid.com and Cuspies award. The award reflects our commitment to develop innovative solutions that help doctors transform lives by improving patients' journey to a healthy, beautiful smile. We are pleased to share that the iTero Element scanner received in ortho town, 2021 Townie Choice Awards, which seeks to recognize the top gear recommended products and services and dentistry. We're proud that the iTero Element 5D Plus imaging system provides dental practices with Alvadis [ph] and imaging technology, cutting-edge enhanced chair-side visualizations and applications that can drive practice growth in treatment acceptance. Continued growth in the iTero scanner installed base is driving increased services revenues as well as exocad CAD/CAM software solutions that integrate workflows to the dental labs and dental practices. Our Q1 exocad CAD/CAM products and services, which include restorative dentistry, implantology, guided surgery and smile design offerings are included in scanner and services revenues and are helping extend our digital dental solutions and broaden Aligned digital platform towards fully integrated interdisciplinary and workflows. As we continue to lead the evolution of digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry, our goal is to make orthodontics a pillar of dentistry. April 2 marked our second anniversary since welcoming exocad into the Align family. And together, we're working to ensure that every dental technician in every dentist planning restorative treatment in centers of benefits of digital orthodontics first. We're continuing to focus on integration and road map development to strengthen the Align Digital platform by addressing restorative needs to facilitate both ortho restorative and comprehensive dentistry. Two years after exocad joined Align, we are more excited than ever about the opportunities ahead to shape the dental industry and with technology and expertise that complement the many benefits of the Align Digital platform and bringing all key stakeholders together, doctor, customers, labs, partners and users as we continue transforming smiles and changing lives. During the quarter, exocad participated in the 2022 Dental South China show in Guangzhou, China, showcasing its newest software release, Dental CAD 3.0 Galway plus other open software solutions like Innovative Smile Design program called Smile Creator. The show allowed the exocad team to deepen their relationships with the dental community to discover new trends emerging in the growing dental market in China. Attendees have both the experienced in firsthand how exocad's wizard guided workflows and easy online communication programs streamline the treatment journey from consultation to final restoration. Finally, this quarter, exocad is opening its new headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, which provides a robust high-tech infrastructure to a key region of our business. exocad has been working with a growing number of Korean manufacturers for many years, and this location help facilitate strategic relationships in the region. With that, I'll now turn over the call to John.
John Morici: Thanks Joe. Now, for our Q1 financial results. Total revenues for the first quarter were $973.2 million, down 5.6% from the prior quarter and up 8.8% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. For Clear Aligners, Q1 revenues of $809.7 million were down 0.7% sequentially due to lower Invisalign case volumes, partially offset by higher ASPs, reflecting higher ASPs and up 7.5% year-over-year reflecting higher ASPs in non-case revenues. In Q1, Invisalign case volume were down 5.1% sequentially and up 0.5% year-over-year. In addition, we shipped Clear Aligners to 82,400 Invisalign doctors worldwide, of which over 5,000 were first-time customers. Q1 comprehensive volume increased 2. 4% year-over-year and decreased 5% sequentially. Q1 non-comprehensive volume decreased 4% year-over-year and decreased 5.4% sequentially. Q1 adult patients decreased 1.6% year-over-year and decreased 5.7% sequentially. In Q1, teens or younger patients increased 6% year-over-year and decreased 3.6% sequentially. Clear Aligner revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $6.5 million or approximately 0.8 points sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Clear Aligner revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $24 million or approximately 3.2 points. For Q1, Invisalign comprehensive ASPs increased sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Invisalign comprehensive ASPs reflect per order processing fees charged on most Clear Aligner shipments, lower discounts, and higher additional lines, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis, comprehensive ASPs reflect higher additional aligners and per order processing fees, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. Q1 Invisalign non-comprehensive ASPs increased sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Invisalign non-comprehensive ASPs were favorably impacted by per order processing fees and lower discounts, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign non-comprehensive ASPs reflect per order processing fees, higher additional aligners, partially offset by foreign exchange. Clear Aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet increased $53 million or 5% sequentially and $307.1 million or 38.1% year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional lenders are shipped. Our Systems and Services revenue for the first quarter were $163.5 million, down 24.2% sequentially and up 15.6% year-over-year. The decrease sequentially can be attributed to lower scanner volume following a strong Q4 and consistent with seasonality in the capital equipment business, coupled with the headwinds described earlier. The increase year-over-year can be attributed to increased services revenue from our larger installed base as well as slightly higher scanner volume. Our Systems and Services deferred revenues on the balance sheet was up $16.5 million or 7.2% sequentially and up $114.9 million or 87.6% year-over-year, primarily due to the increase in scanner sales and the deferral of service revenue included with our -- with the scanner purchase, which will be recognized ratably over the service period. Moving on to gross margin. First quarter overall gross margin was 72.9%, up 0.7 points sequentially and down 2.8 points year-over-year. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation expense and amortization of intangibles related to acquisitions, overall gross margin was 73.3% for the first quarter, up 0.7 points sequentially and down 2.8 points year-over-year. Overall gross margin was unfavorably impacted by approximately 0.8 points on a year-over-year basis and by approximately 0.2 points sequentially due to foreign exchange. Clear Aligner gross margin for the first quarter was 74.8%, up 0.6 point sequentially due to higher ASPs, partially offset by higher mix of additional aligner volume and higher freight costs. Clear Aligner gross margin was down 2.8 points year-over-year due to higher mix of additional aligner volume and higher freight costs, partially offset by higher ASPs. Systems and Services gross margin for the first quarter was 63.4%, down 1.3 points sequentially due to lower volume and lower ASPs, partially offset by lower freight costs. Systems and Services gross margin was down 2 points year-over-year due to higher manufacturing inefficiencies, partially offset by higher mix of service revenues and increased ASPs. Q1 operating expenses were $511.3 million, down sequentially 2.4% and up 13.2% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were down $12.4 million. Year-over-year, operating expenses increased by $59.6 million, reflecting increased headcount and our continued investment in marketing sales and R&D activities and investments commensurate with business growth. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangibles related to certain acquisitions and acquisition costs. Operating expenses were $480.2 million, down sequentially 2.9% and up 13.1% year-over-year due to the reasons described above. Our first quarter operating income of $198.1 million resulted in an operating margin of 20.4%, down 1.1 points sequentially and down 4.8 points year-over-year. The year-over-year decrease in operating margin is primarily attributed to lower gross margin, investments in our go-to-market teams and technology as well as unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles related to certain acquisitions and acquisition costs, operating margin for the first quarter was 24%, down 0.7 points sequentially and down 4.6 points year-over-year. Interest and other income and expense net for the first quarter was a loss of $10.6 million, down sequentially by $9. 7 million and down year-over-year by $46.8 million. Q1 of 2021 included the SEC arbitration award gain of $43.4 million. The GAAP effective tax rate for the first quarter was 28.4% compared to 13.2% in the fourth quarter and 23.4% in the first quarter of the prior year. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 24.2% in the first quarter compared to 11.5% in the fourth quarter and 20.2% in the first quarter of the prior year. The first quarter GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rates were higher than fourth quarter effective tax rates, primarily due to tax benefits related to expiration of statutes of limitations for timely asserting claims and an out-of-period adjustment recorded last quarter. First quarter net income per diluted share was $1.70, down sequentially $0.70 and down $0.81 compared to the prior year. Our EPS was unfavorably impacted by $0.13 on a sequential basis and $0.28 on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.13 for the first quarter, down $0.70 sequentially and down $0.36 year-over-year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of March 31st, 2022, cash, cash equivalents, and short-term and long-term marketable securities were $1.1 billion, down sequentially $176.1 million and down $11.1 million year-over-year. Of our $1.1 billion balance, $453 million was held in the US and $667.6 million was held by our international entities. Q1 accounts receivable balance was $950.9 million, up approximately 6% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 87 days, up approximately nine days sequentially and up approximately 15 days as compared to Q1 last year. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $30.5 million. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $87.3 million, primarily related to our continued investment to increase aligner manufacturing capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations, less capital expenditures, amounted to negative $56.8 million. In February, we repurchased $75 million of our common stock through open market repurchases of approximately 143,600 shares at an average price of $522.61 per share. We have approximately $650 million remaining available for repurchase under our May 13th, 2021, $1 billion repurchase program. As described during our Q4 2021 earnings call, we provided our fiscal year 2022 outlook with revenue growth in line with our long-term revenue range of 20% to 30%. This revenue growth assumed no significant new COVID surges after current wave, no meaningful practice disruption nor material supply chain issues throughout the year. At that time, we were seeing some recovery as Omicron headwinds began to ease and COVID restrictions were relaxing. However, later in the quarter, unfavorable impacts on our business occurred driven by China lockdowns, weaker consumer confidence, inflationary pressures and the Russia-Ukraine conflict. For April, we have not seen momentum return as the headwinds previously mentioned persist. Now turning to full year 2022. We remain confident in the huge underpenetrated market, our technology and industry leadership and our ability to execute and make progress toward our long-term model of 20% to 30% revenue growth. At the same time, the headwinds we're experiencing, which include increased COVID waves and significant China lockdowns, weaker consumer confidence, inflation pressures the Russia-Ukraine conflict have increased uncertainty across all markets. We also anticipate capital equipment sales will be increasingly constrained throughout the year as practices adjust to these headwinds. Given less visibility and an increasing unpredictable operating environment, we are not providing revenue guidance for the year. However, assuming no additional material disruptions or circumstances beyond our control, our goal for fiscal 2022 is to deliver GAAP operating margin above 20%, while making strategic investments in sales, marketing, R&D and operations In addition, during Q2 2022, we expect to repurchase up to $200 million of our common stock through either a combination of open market repurchases or an accelerated stock repurchase agreement. For 2022, we expect our investments in capital expenditures to exceed $300 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building construction and improvements as well as a digital manufacturing capacity to support our international expansion. This includes our investment in an aligner fabrication facility in Wroclaw, Poland, which is expected to begin serving doctors in the second quarter of 2022 as part of our strategy to bring operational facilities closer to customers. As we continue growing, we intend to expand our investments in research and development, manufacturing, treatment planning, sales and marketing operations to meet the actual and anticipated local and regional demands. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, John.
Operator: Excuse me. Joe Hogan, are you there?
Shirley Stacy: Yes, operator.
Joe Hogan: Thanks, John. I'll run by this again. Okay. That was my fault. Over our first quarter results reflect a more challenging environment than expected. We know that COVID lockdowns, weaker consumer confidence, inflationary pressures and the Russia-Ukraine conflict have created headwinds, but we remain excited and committed to realizing the enormous opportunity in front of us to lead the evolution of digital orthodontics and comprehensive dentistry. With less than 10% share of the 21 million starts each year with over 500 million people globally who can benefit from a healthy beautiful smile, our market is as large as ever. No other company is as well positioned as us to take advantage of that potential as the environment improves and growth trends return. We will continue to focus on the execution of our strategic growth drivers, while managing investments in the near-term to account for the headwinds and uncertainty, and we will remain confident in our long-term revenue growth model of 20% to 30%. Before we open the call to questions, I want to address the military conflict in the Ukraine and our operations in Russia. It's a human tragedy for all people involved and our thoughts go out to everyone impacted and especially to those with personal connections who are undoubtedly concerned with their families and loved ones. Our primary concern remains the safety and security of our employees and their families, our doctors, their staff and patients. We have nothing to do with this conflict. As a global medical device provider of doctor-prescribed products, continuity of care is critical to the doctors and their patients in orthodontic treatment. We discontinued commercial activities in Russia that are not essential to providing continuity of care to patients. Our focus on only our values and ethical responsibility of patients in treatment. In the process, we are also adhering to the international sanctions that have been imposed. Our IT infrastructure, including covet intellectual property is hosted outside of Russia. Prior to the conflict, we have begun expanding our R&D teams in Downstate, Germany; Madrid, Spain; Toronto, Canada; and Austin, Texas. And we're prudently working with the team on the ground in Russia on work pieces. A number of our Russian employees have already transitioned and are in various stages of transitioning their families to Armenia, where we've set up an R&D center in urban to support those who choose to relocate. At the same time, it's humbling to see the tremendous outpouring of kindness and support throughout the company as our employees respond to the humanitarian needs of the crisis. Our Polish team members has set up donation centers at our facilities where employees are contributing food, clothing, supplies, and human care. Many are also taking Ukrainian refugees into their homes. And we're proud of the tremendous initiative by our colleagues and are grateful for their actions. In addition to our employees' efforts, Align is donating $300,000 to support humanitarian relief efforts through organizations providing shelter food, medicines and vital supplies. We can only hope that the conflict in Ukraine will end soon, that the ongoing impact of the pandemic will lessen for good, and that economic factors facing many customers and consumers will abate. But these things are beyond our control, so we will continue to prioritize the health and safety of employees, customers, and patients and will stay focused on strategic initiatives. In closing, April 3rd marked the 25th anniversary of the founding of Align Technology. And shortly thereafter, the long of the Invisalign system. Over the past 25 years, we've transformed the orthodontic industry with a passion for innovation as we've evolved from leading the evolution from digital appliances to digital platform. We've created an incredible company unlike any other. Invisalign's unique mass customization business operating in real time with no inventory or distribution at the front end of our market. Consequence of fluctuations in the macroeconomic environment are felt faster at Align than I've ever experienced anywhere in my career. And we monitored these trends to make adjustments in our business when needed. Our success is a result of a vision and purpose and results. Thanks to our employees and our doctor customers around the world, who took a chance on a Silicon Valley start-up and risked everything. Today, Align is the largest 3D printing operation in the world, producing 1 million customized aligners each day based on the learnings gained from nearly 13 million Invisalign patients and 60 million iTero digital scans Our global team of over 25,000 employees support more than 250,000 doctors and labs in more than 150 countries. There are more than 500 million people in the world that can benefit from orthodontic procedures. It's huge. And you can only address opportunities of that size with digital orthodontics. It could never happen using old analog methods. As we have digitized that capability, it has opened up a market broadly for orthodontic treatment to the masses. It's hard to believe that after 25 years, we're still in the early phases of transforming the orthodontic market. We look forward to sharing more milestones over the next 25 years as we continue to lead the digital evolution of orthodontics and dentistry, deliver great treatment outcomes and treatment experiences to doctors and patients around the world. Thank you for your time today. I'll now turn it over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. You may proceed.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Jason.
Jason Bednar: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Hey, there. Thanks for taking the questions. So Joe, I guess just to start with you. I mean, you and John called out the consumer confidence items and the inflationary pressures impacting the business. The wind shifting pretty abruptly on you. I guess, are there tools you have at your disposal to manage through these pressures, or is this a matter of just keeping your head down, waiting for the macro environment to settle down, I guess, really just trying to get a sense of how we should be moderating expectations from what's typical sequential growth we would see in the business?
Joe Hogan: Yes, Jason, good question. I'd say being a global business, we talked about having 50% of our revenues outside. It just gives us good scope in the sense to take advantage where opportunities are. And so I feel really good about the company in that sense. And we've made great development over the last three years from an international standpoint. We also have a great portfolio. We have iTero scanners. We talked about some reluctance in the sense that we saw at the end of the first quarter as some doctors to really commit to it. But I mean that demand is still out there. When you look at iTero scanners are so underpenetrated still when you look at digital dentistry and what the future really brings. And so pushing that and pushing it in the right places and also you see the expansion of our Invisalign technology and what we're doing in different areas, too. So I feel like we have a lot of levers that we can pull, but we are constrained by these headwinds that we've seen. And obviously, we'll respect those and make the kind of adjustments needed to make sure this business stays on track with. Look, I love our portfolio. I love our position. I see a great future. We'll manage our way through this, Jason.
Jason Bednar: Okay. Thats helpful. And then maybe shifting over to the  the margin side, you're not stepping off the gas with spending. I wouldn't expect it to given the opportunity that you're talking about here today and you've talked about for quite some time. But I guess are you still comfortable with that long-term model of 25% plus operating margins? I know we've seen that for some select periods for the business. But is that the right margin level to think about for the business when you're driving towards that 20% topline growth? Just -- can you truly balance that, or do you have to sacrifice one for the other, again, thinking longer term here?
Joe Hogan: I think, Jason, honestly, I think we've managed that well over the years. I mean you can see how well we did last year in the sense of that operating profit has been squarely on top of that piece. And I think we've managed it within that bandwidth very well, and that's -- this current situation is not going to change that.
Jason Bednar: All right. Thanks guys.
Joe Hogan: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. You may proceed.
Joe Hogan: Hi Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Hey guys, how are you? So, Joe, let me just pick up on that last point. I mean, you said you've managed OpEx well over the years in that. I guess, let me just be direct on it. I mean, if end markets are cyclically slowing that's kind of out of your control, do you put the gas pedal down to the accelerator? Do you say there's not a whole lot that that's going to accomplish? So I kind of protect margins here in the short run. Just what's your OpEx outlook kind of in the near term -- near to intermediate term, I guess, given some of this macro uncertainty?
Joe Hogan: Jeff, it's more the latter of your question. It's just you take off the accelerator. And we know -- John and I know where to adjust it won't hurt the business. We continue to invest in innovation in different areas, too. But there are several areas of short-term investments that aren't going to help us in this current crisis that will obviously lean into and make sure that we preserve margins as much as we can. : But with those investments, yes, it will be -- when we talked about the 20-plus percent on a GAAP basis, that's the trade-off that we'll have. We'll invest where we can see a return. And based on the volume that we expect, but deliver 20-plus percent op margin.
Jeff Johnson: Yes, got it. Thanks John. And then a follow-up question, I guess, just on the gauge data, you talked about down 7% case starts ortho year-to-date. I'm hearing that through April, not just through March. But I don't get the whole gauge data set, but what I've seen is that the adult data is worse than the teen data, which would make sense to me. Everybody sitting at home, all the adults sitting home last year with the Zoom effect going on at this point in stimulus checks, sitting in pockets and all that. So, that all makes sense. But just what's the tenor in North America or in those markets that aren't impacted by China and Russia, Ukraine in that? What's the tenor of the teen business? And is the core that part of the business still doing better than you've just got real tough comps because all those adults were coming in last year as they were sitting at home and had nothing better to do than get Clear Aligners?
Joe Hogan: Hey Jeff, it's Joe. Look, the teen market, you're good to focus on that. I mean that's -- we look at that as a fairly secure market. Obviously, it can move up and down, but it won't have the volatility and you've seen in the adult market and you're comparing a against last year is a good way to look at it, given the Zoom effect and things we talked about before. So -- and Jeff, that's why you see us launching these teen products right now and getting ready from a summer time standpoint. We want to take advantage of that demand as much as we possibly can, especially in times like this. We know the adult market is going to be pressured. I'm talking about the US right now, but this sets leave China now because China is a unique position in the sense of a lockdown that they're going through. But we're -- you're going to see us take the same tact in Europe also. And you saw our teen volume in Europe was actually pretty good in the first quarter.
Jeff Johnson: What about that teen volume in the US, Joe?
Joe Hogan: We expect that teen volume to be good. Summer seasonality is there. And it's funny. There's a window for to really have their teeth treated. And we've known that here for years, and that's why we prepared for teen season. And this year, honestly, Jeff, I feel better about our positioning for teens in the United States and also in Europe. I have many time since I've been here with these teen packs that we just talked about and how we'll go about it, I think we're well positioned to make further penetration in the teen market versus wires and brackets.
Jeff Johnson: Yes, got it. Thanks, guys.
Joe Hogan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from the line of Jonathan Block with Stifel. You may proceed.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Jon.
Jonathan Block: Hey, guys. Thanks. Hey, guys. Good segue. I'll start with the teen case packs. We picked up on that program right after April. Quite honestly, unfortunately, I'm old enough to remember your teens pack programs internationally from like a decade ago. And if I remember this correctly, Joe, it is just hard to collect, if you would, if someone did below their threshold and hopefully, I'm making some sense. So maybe just talk to us -- here you are going after it, you're going after for teens, not overall, you're launching it. What's going to be different this go round when someone commits to a 50-case pack or a 100-case pack, let's go with 100, they do 88 and you've got to go out there and say, 'Hey, look, it's a user or lose it, we got to collect for you and then also just keep the tenor of the relationship or the goodwill of the relationship intact because now argue even have more options to go somewhere else versus what they were staring down a decade ago. So maybe if you could talk to that and just the timing behind kicking off the program, that will be a great place to start.
Joe Hogan: Jon, you're like an Align history, and that's a good question, right? Because I can tell you, I doesn't hear where that happened in Europe, but it's legendary here. But if you go back in time, I think our business in Europe was less than $10 million back then. Okay, now its over $1 billion. And I think the whole world is much more coined with Clear Aligners than when it was back then, we were really pioneers at that point in time. If you look at our DSP program, it's basically the same thing. They make commitments to how many aligners are going to buy over a certain period of time. We haven't had any issues in DSP with having customers regress or not making those benchmarks. So we feel pretty good about where we are. I mean will we run into a few situations, I think we will. I think they'll be outliers, and we'll deal with them in time.
Jonathan Block: Okay. Fair enough. And I just might go back to sort of where Jason started a little bit. There's going to be a lot of questions on 2022 and pulling the top line guidance. So let me just throw out a couple of things, and we could sort of work through it. If I look back the past five to six years, the first quarter was about 22% of total revenue. And if you run that exercise for this year, you get about 11% or 12% year-over-year revenue growth and you've got an incremental FX headwind. So should we throw a dart at 10%? And what's wrong with that thought process in getting to, call it, low double-digit 10%, 12% top line growth for 2022? Thanks, guys.
John Morici: I think -- Jon, this is John. As we talked about that last earnings, there's a lot of changes that have happened in the marketplace and in the world. And as a result of that, we pulled the top line guidance until we get further clarity as how things are going to shake out. What we have committed to is being able to grow in a profitable way in a way that you would expect us to be responsible being at 20-plus percent, but we pulled that guidance because of the uncertainty.
Joe Hogan: Jon, just to add to John's comments, too, is that as we look at April versus March, we haven't seen any momentum from an April standpoint too. And we start from that standpoint also.
Jonathan Block: Okay. Thats helpful color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Erin Wright with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Erin Wright: Great. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Hi Erin.
Erin Wright: In the Americas -- hi, good to hear from you. So, in the Americas, can you parse out a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of macro headwinds compared to maybe some of the lingering COVID impact? And does it seem like some -- I mean it doesn't seem like some of these cases are coming back from maybe Omicron delays. But what are in terms of the dynamics there? Just trying to kind of parse out. Last quarter, you did break out kind of a COVID impact, but could you do that this quarter?
Joe Hogan: It's hard to be very discrete in the sense of what that impact is, Erin. But I'd say we -- obviously faced staffing shortages and things at different doctors in the first part of the first quarter that affected us. I'd say that drifted through to basically late February, early March. After that, you can -- if you watch the consumer confidence statistics in the United States, they've gone down pretty dramatically. And we started getting a lot of reports from our doctors is patients thought saying no, but patients not as quick to say, yes, that they wanted treatment. And we hear that both in the GP segment in the orthodontic segment. So, you can call out what you want to, okay? But do we see some reticence in the marketplace to move forward with treatment and again, it's not binary. It's not everybody is saying, no, like in the heart of a deep recession or something we saw back in 2007 or 2008. It's just more cautiousness from people about their personal finances.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. Thanks. And then on ASPs for the balance of the year, I guess, how should we be thinking about that and the levers, I guess, you can pull on that front? Thanks.
John Morici: Hey Erin, this is John. From an overall ASP standpoint, we don't have any anything unusual from a promotion standpoint or anything else that would affect us. Obviously, notwithstanding FX, we've seen unfavorable FX as we've gone through this year so far. But notwithstanding FX, we wouldn't expect anything dramatically different from an ASP standpoint.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Thanks Erin.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. You may proceed.
Kevin Caliendo: Hi, thanks for taking my call.
Joe Hogan: Hey Kevin.
Kevin Caliendo: Hi. So, I guess the question I have is, the first one is really why have the doc adds -- doc starts been so sluggish? Is it demand driven? Is it competitive positioning? Is it -- I would just love to hear sort of why in the US, especially the sort of doc ads have been flattish for the last couple of quarters? If there's anything, if it's macro or micro or competitive?
Joe Hogan: Well, I think I read your question, I think you're asking if it's competitive because I mean we're pretty clear on what we've been seeing around the globe in the United States from a macro standpoint, Kevin. So, I just -- look, from a competition standpoint, we don't see any major issue with competition in the sense of being a factor in this demand cycle that we're talking about.
Kevin Caliendo: And when we try to think about the impacts here that are driving all of this, how much do you -- have you guys been able to ascertain how much of this is economic-driven? You're talking about decisions taking longer and people being more hesitant and volumes being down, how much of that is economic versus COVID versus other -- like have you been able to just parse out what's really driving it as a percentage? Is it mostly simply listen, we're in an inflationary environment. People don't have as much to spend, consumers aren't spending as much broadly versus just an overall demand for your products and/or COVID, like those three things, if you were to group them?
Joe Hogan: Kevin, our announcement and the way we communicate to the marketplace, we talk about this huge market, right? We're totally underpenetrated in the orthodontic segment, less than 10% of 21 million case starts a year. Talking about what we see through the 500 million patients. So there's not a lack of demand out there and the lack of opportunity. There's not a competitive issue that we think is affecting our growth or our earnings. And so obviously, COVID is part of this thing. Part of it we see in Europe was the Ukraine conflict that's going on today. And I think significant amount of it is too is what we're seeing in the marketplace, too, from a consumer standpoint. I can't put any weighted averages on these things to give you an example. And I think -- if I compare to when we last talked to you at the first couple of days of February, the way things have changed, those variables in that equation, I think, have changed pretty dramatically. So it's really hard to say going forward what that might be.
Kevin Caliendo: Are there any goals that you have -- one last one for me. Are there any goals that you have for this year in terms of quantifiable goals in terms of whether it be doc ads or utilization uptick or -- I mean, I know those are the things you were focused on when you talked about increasing your spend. Like what are you targeting at this point? Is there anything that we can sort of put a stick in the ground and say, 'okay, here's something that the company is hoping to achieve in 2022 in terms of a quantifiable number.
Joe Hogan: Kevin, this is a growth company. And it never leaves our thought process. So what are we trying to do? We're trying to run the way we always do. We're running at these plays in a much more difficult market with more headwinds. That's all. And so we'll move these place around. We'll look at them by country. We'll see what makes the most sense. We still keep a good strong focus on how we can grow and where we can grow and we'll find those ways.
Kevin Caliendo: Appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Michael Ryskin of Bank of America. You may proceed.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thanks for taking the questions, guys. I got two, a few I want to touch on. Can you hear me?
Joe Hogan: Yes.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. Great. Thanks. One is just sort of talking through some of the dynamics we're talking to. You talked for the quarter. I think we can all kind of see that a lot of it or a lot of it is macro driven, a lot of it's global driven and each of these events that we're following, whether it's the China lockdowns or the conflict in Europe or even things like FX are going to be more temporary than others. I know your long-term outlook is still there for the 20% to 30% volume growth and revenue growth. But what about sort of catch-up spend on these things? Is there an expectation somewhere and you kind of touched on this when you talked about your spend and your expectations on investment this year? As we go through the next couple of months, next couple of quarters as some of these things start to fade, are you expecting another bolus of catch-up as these cases come back like we saw in 2020 and 2021? Anything you can sort of comment on that? And then I've got a follow-up.
Joe Hogan: I think a bolus, you talked about -- I mean, that was interesting is what we saw after the last downturn, it was first like COVID. I mean I look at that, Mike, overall, is it just shows you the demand out there for our kind of procedures. So it's there. And so John and I are in setting here are predicting another bolus or a wave or whatever, but I think it just shows you the demand that exists in this business and it can be pent up at times. We'll just have to see how the headwinds that we see filter through the marketplace and how it affects consumers and doctors.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. I appreciate that. And then the follow-up, you touched on this in an answer earlier when you sort of referenced the 2007, 2008 downturn. Obviously, hopefully, we're not going to something quite like that in the coming year, too. But there's still a lot of talk about recession and sort of what the impact of prolong inflation is going to be on the consumer. Could you talk us through your plans if things do continue to deteriorate on that front, we're not there yet, but six months from now, a year from now, things are still heading in that direction sort of what are your internal plans for adjusting both on operations growth in that kind of environment? Because if you look back at 2007, 2008, 2009, there was a protracted period of essentially flat growth. So could you compare--
Joe Hogan: Yes, it's Joe again. I just -- we have a really strong balance sheet to start with. It's great to have a strong balance sheet and really no net debt from a company standpoint. So, look, it's -- I'm not an economist, but I'm not predicting a meltdown of our financial system, like we saw in 2007, 2008 depending on what Federal Reserve does or whatever, we're probably going to see an adjustment as they try to attack inflation. So, look, we -- this business is incredibly healthy. It generates a lot of cash. It's extremely international now. And we have a lot of levers to pull and a lot of things to do to keep this business going. So -- but if something dire did happen, I feel we got a balance sheet to be able to cover it, too, and we'll manage the business responsibly that way. So, I'd just tell you don't give up on us, okay? We love this business. We love the position that it's in. We're confident about the future. We're just going to see how these headwinds hit and how they subside, and we'll be ready on either end of that to be able to position this company to do well.
John Morici: And I might add, just we are a different business than we were back in 2007, 2008. We didn't have iTero. We have iTero, much more of a global products, much further along in the teen market, more consumer awareness, all the things that we've done over this time period now being 25 years, we've evolved over time and created a business where we're very mindful of what is happening from a demand standpoint, and we can do a lot of things from a leverage standpoint in order to drive that right amount of profitability.
Michael Ryskin: Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. you may proceed.
Nathan Rich: Hi, thanks for the questions. I wanted to follow-up on your commentary on April and not seeing momentum return. I was just wondering if there's any parameters you could put around that relative to maybe what you've seen in the first quarter? I guess like would that sort of mean volumes more flattish, anything that you could do to kind of help us think about how the business kind of exited the first quarter and where the current run rate is would be helpful?
Joe Hogan: Yes. Nate, I'll give you a quick rundown, and John can give you specifics to is. Look, we -- this is flattish to use your term. When you look at between March and April is more flattish than anything. But just remember, we have -- China is still our second biggest country in the world. It's locked down. Shanghai -- Beijing is going into lockdown. That's not the first lockdown we've seen in China. Remember, there are several provinces that were locked down before that, too. So, that part of our business has really been impacted in a big way, and that's part of that flattishness that we're talking about, too. So we're seeing impact in every region of the world in different ways. And on the APAC side, particularly with China, it's dramatic.
John Morici: I don't have much -- anything to add to it. I just -- a lot has changed as we've seen over the last couple of months, and we're responding to that change.
Nathan Rich: Makes sense. And I guess, I'd be curious just to get your thoughts on sort of the consumer environment. I know it's been touched on in other questions. But Invisalign treatment is a higher ticket purchase, and we've kind of always thought of it as catering to a more affluent consumer. I guess, is there anything that you've seen kind of between higher-end consumer versus lower-end consumer? And they're going back to, I think, the way you framed it, kind of the reticence to start treatment, any difference that you've seen among maybe the different segments of the population that could be considering treatment? .
Joe Hogan: I commented that back to the other question was asked about teens, right? The teen aspect in the orthodontic segment is pretty resilient, and that is a certain demographic that it's always existed in the sense of the parents that they can afford that kind of treatment of young children. The adult segment, it's all over the place depending on -- sometimes, it's just teeth straightening. Some of times, it's a broad worth correction on what's going on. We don't have any data in that adult segment to say that a certain FIFA score certain match, certain amount would be fewer people taking treatment or whatever. I don't have that data. I don't know if John has seen it either. But you'd have to guess that the more your finances are impacted, you're actually going to sign up for a $3,500 to $7,000 treatment depending on what you want or how you're in a contract for it. So it's logical that certain demographics would be less willing at this point in time.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks. Operator, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Absolutely. The next question is from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. You may proceed.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Anderson: So maybe one question on the iTero scanner growth. Obviously, we saw a deceleration quarter-over-quarter, but still year-over-year growth there. When you sort of talk about how providers are looking at demand, and I realize that not all of that is like pure like iTero sales. How do we think about sort of what's driving the purchases in the first quarter? Obviously, there is some seasonality. But if you like, overall visits, maybe ex-Clear Aligners are not has maybe haven't been quite as impacted. Are we seeing sort of a reticence to spend? Is it sort of interest rates going up and people worried about sort of equipment financing? Could you walk us through some of the puts and takes of the demand drivers there?
Joe Hogan: Elizabeth, it's Joe. I'd start with the still market is broadly unpenetrated from a scanner standpoint. GP side, the ortho side, an ortho that does a lot of Invisalign, they can have four, five, six scanners overall. So look, with the GE Healthcare for years, ABB, I understand the capital equipment cycle. There is a true cycle in capital equipment. When people get concerned, they'll delay those kinds of purchases. And I think, obviously, you have -- when I talk about 250,000 doctors that we service today, some of them are going to be worried about what their cash flow is going to look like. They're going to be reticent in the sense of saying they want to sign up for a scanner that can cost anywhere between $15,000 to $35,000 right now and what we sell. So, I can't tell you by country or by region or whatever, but we didn't see things shut off. We just saw things as the quarter got through, they just didn't have as strong as demand for iTero than we anticipated. So, we'll have to -- obviously, we get into this way it goes. But there's going to be some more scrutiny, I think, around capital investment, if doctors are seeing less traffic through their practices.
John Morici: Yes. It's just the delays that they put to not close and necessarily within the quarter. It's not going away, but it's just a delay. And we have to work to try to get them to say.
Elizabeth Anderson: And you're not having any like supply chain issues on that side in terms of like being able to manufacture the equipment?
Joe Hogan: We didn't have any in the first quarter. We won't have any in the second quarter either.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. And one more quick follow-up. In terms of the gross margin impact of the new Poland facility, can you remind us about the cadence of the gross margin pressure when you open a new facility as it scale? So, I'm just trying to be able to parse that out versus maybe some of the deleveraging impact of some of the volume shifts versus that.
John Morici: Yes, Elizabeth. What we'll see is we'll go live in the second quarter here and that does have a gross margin impact. It really comes down to trying to get as much utilization through the plant as possible converting -- moving those countries and doctors through the plant. And then once that utilization increases, then you start to see some of that productivity. So, it hits about a quarter, maybe a little bit more than a quarter and then it subsides and then it gets more on a regular operating basis.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Thank you very much.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Elizabeth. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. We look forward to speaking to you at upcoming conferences and industry meetings. And if you have any questions, please contact Investor Relations, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect your line at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Align Q4 '21 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, with Align Technology. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results today via Globe Newswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 1 month. The telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on February 16. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial (877) 660-6853 with conference number 13725950 followed by #. International callers should dial (201) 612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We've posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our fourth quarter and full year 2021 conference call slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the fourth quarter, then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Services Systems and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. Overall, I'm very pleased to report fourth quarter results and another record year -- full year for Align. Net revenues of $4 billion and operating margin of 24.7% were both at the high end of our guidance for fiscal 2021. For Systems and Services, full year revenues increased 90.4% over the prior year to a record $705.5 million. For Clear Aligners, full year revenues increased 54.5% over the prior year to a record $3.2 billion. During 2021, we achieved several major installed base milestones, including our 12 millionth Invisalign patient, 68,000 iTero scanners sold and 47,000 Exocad software license install. Together, these elements are the foundation of the Align Digital platform. Proprietary combination of software, systems and services designed to provide a seamless experience and workflow that integrates and connects all users, doctors, labs, patients and consumers. For Q4, revenues reflect continued strong growth and momentum from iTero scanner services revenues, particularly in North America, offset by lower-than-expected Invisalign Clear Aligner revenues. Through most of the fourth quarter, our Clear Aligner volumes were trending in line with our Q4 seasonality. However, the environment quickly changed in December with the rise of COVID-19 Omicron variant. We believe our Q4 Clear Aligners volumes were impacted by an increase in COVID-19 Omicron cases that cause customer lab shortages from a staff standpoint, practice closures or reduced hours and less patient traffic in December and that continued into Q1. This compounded an already slower seasonal period for many practices in which offices took time off in between the holidays. We estimate that our Q4 was negatively impacted by roughly 3 points of year-over-year revenue growth as a result of these factors. While there are some similarities to what we experienced 2 years ago when COVID-19 first appeared, especially in China, which currently has a 0 tolerance COVID policy, the environment today is total -- today is different. There aren't broad government-mandated shutdowns, stay-at-home orders or extended quarantines, but there is more consumer caution, self-imposed quarantines, higher inflation, less economic stimulus and supply chain shortages, which makes it more difficult to predict when recovery may occur. Nonetheless, Invisalign doctor submitters and case submissions are improving. We're working closely with our customers to support their needs and protect the health and safety of our employees. For Q4, Systems and Services revenues were up 61.3% year-over-year and up 21% sequentially, with strong revenue growth across all regions. Q4 results reflect the continued adoption of the iTero Element 5D Plus imaging system, which we launched last year and that features innovative technology like Near Infrared technology with aid in detection and monitoring of interproximal caries lesions or cavities above the gingiva without harmful radiation. The iTero Element 5D Plus imaging system represents 75% of iTero volumes in Q4. In addition, over 50% of iTero scanner sales in Q4 were sold to first-time scanner buyers who are just beginning their Align Digital Platform journey. We also continue to see growth in our iTero scanner installed base with strong service revenues, which historically have been a leading indicator of increased digital adoption among doctors. For Q4, Clear Aligners revenues were up 16.3% year-over-year with strong revenue growth across all regions and across the portfolio, including comprehensive and noncomprehensive products as well as Invisalign First, Invisalign Moderate and Invisalign Go products. Our fourth quarter revenues also include non-case revenue for clinical training and education, doctor prescribed retainer products and other dental consumables. During the quarter, we saw good performance from our retainer business overall, delivering strong revenue growth, along with increased enthusiasm for the doctor subscription program pilot in North America. As we mentioned last quarter, our share of the retention market is significantly underpenetrated even more so than our share of the orthodontic case starts. We have been developing a robust retainer strategy, including a separate marketing team, focused solely on driving adoption and increasing market share in the U.S. Our objective is to build brand awareness for Vivera retainers and drive engagement with doctors through clinical education and sales initiatives, while connecting consumers to doctors through demand creation programs and our concierge service. We've also recently implemented social media campaigns featuring the benefit of Vivera from the makers of Invisalign Clear Aligners. We believe that incremental investments will increase value for Invisalign practices and contribute to growth consistent with our long-term financial model target. Q4 non-case revenues also include accessories and consumables such as Aligner cases, clamshells, cleaning crystals, Invisalign Whitening Pen and other oral health products that are available on our e-commerce channel, including the Invisalign accessory store, walmart.com and amazon.com. We view these ancillary products as a natural brand extension, enabling patient and doctor behavior with the power in the Invisalign brand. Our full year results reflect continued adoption and demand for both the Invisalign system and iTero systems and services and exocad CAD/CAM software as more doctors transform their practices to digital and more consumers need to transform their smiles through doctor-directed Invisalign treatment. Now let's turn to the specifics around our fourth quarter results, starting with the Americas. For the Americas region, full year 2021 Invisalign case volumes were up 57.6%. For Q4, Invisalign case volumes were up 11.5% year-over-year, reflecting growth across the region, especially in LatAm. On a sequential basis, American shipments were down 7.9%, primarily reflecting the impact of Omicron previously described as well as a seasonally slower teen season from Q3 to Q4. We also saw higher GP and adult case volume and continued momentum from our doctor subscription plan pilot. In Q4, we pledged a $1 million donation to the American Association of Orthodontists Foundation, the charitable arm of the American Association of Orthodontists in support of the science of orthodontics. We're also investing in educational grants, programs to provide universities with greater access to all line products for education and training purposes. Through these programs, our partnership with the aligner intensive fellowship and the other in-person educational programs, we are investing in the orthodontic profession through the people who care for and treat patients directly. For Systems and Services, Q4 was a strong quarter for Americas, driven by continued adoption of iTero 5D Plus imaging system across customer channels, including our DSO partners. Services revenues continue to grow nicely, reflecting the growth of the iTero scanner installed base in North America. For the full year, international Invisalign case volume was up 51.6%. For our international business, Q4 Invisalign case volumes were up 10.7% year-over-year on tough comps compared to 2020. On a sequential basis, international shipments were up 1.7%. Notwithstanding the impact of Omicron in December, we still saw strong growth in EMEA, offset somewhat by a seasonally slower period primarily in China. For the full year, EMEA Invisalign volume was up 69.5%. For EMEA, Q4 Invisalign case volumes were up 14.9% year-over-year, with broad-based growth across all markets, led by Italy and Iberia, along with continued growth in our expansion markets in Turkey, Russia, CIS and Benelux. For Q4, year-over-year Invisalign case volume in EMEA was driven by increased submissions primarily from the orthodontist channel. On a sequential basis, despite the impact of Omicron, EMEA Invisalign case volume was up 13.6%, primarily as a result of strong ortho channel performance especially in the teen market. During Q4, we began commercial operations in Africa, with our initial focus on North Africa and then plan to enter Sub-Sahara Africa and South Africa this year further broadening our expansion markets in EMEA. It's exciting opportunity for Align in this untapped and expanding totally addressable market. We're also making great progress on building our Europe and manufacturing facility in Wroclaw, Poland, which will be our third global aligner manufacturing operation. The Europe manufacturing facility is on track to go live during the first half of 2022, further increasing our ability to efficiently provide the Invisalign system to our valued doctor customers within the European region. For Q4, we saw strong scanner shipments during the quarter as more doctors in the EMEA region continue to digitize their practices. Through a full year APAC, Invisalign case volume was up 27.1%. For Q4, APAC Invisalign case volumes led by Japan, Korea and India were up 3.4% year-over-year on tough comps despite continued COVID resurgences and lockdown sporadically impacting various APAC countries, including China. We also saw strength in the GP dentist channel with increased Invisalign submitters and in the teen market with increased submissions from the orthodontic channel. On a sequential basis, APAC was down 15.4% notwithstanding the impact of Omicron in December and Q4 seasonality in China. We had strong growth in Thailand, Southeast Asia, Taiwan. Overall, it was encouraging to see record numbers of shipments to those markets in APAC and that were not as impacted by the most severe lockdowns. In Q4, Systems and Services in APAC saw the highest percentage of iTero scanners sold to new doctors. Today, we announced new Invisalign Systems innovations for the Align Digital platform, a proprietary combination of software, systems and services, designed to provide a seamless experience and workflow that integrates and connects all users, doctors, labs, patients and consumers. These new innovations include ClinCheck live update for 3D controls; the Invisalign Practice App; Invisalign Personalized Plan, or IPP; and the Invisalign Smile Architect. We believe they will revolutionize digital treatment planning for orthodontics and restorative dentistry by providing doctors with greater flexibility, consistency of treatment preferences and real-time treatment planning access and modification capabilities. Each of these innovations is designed to enhance Invisalign treatment planning quality, efficiency and scale and contribute to better doctor patient engagement and treatment outcomes. ClinCheck live update for 3D controls enables real-time ClinCheck treatment plan modifications that improve practice productivity significantly while also improving quality of treatment plans. Invisalign practice app provides mobile integration with the Invisalign Doctor Site or IDS. It enables doctors to manage their practices at their fingertips. Invisalign's Personal Plan, or IPP, automatically applies the doctor's specific treatment preferences for comprehensive cases, enhancing efficiency and step changing treatment planning consistency. Invisalign Smile Architect software is designed for GP dentists to create and visualize orthodontic restorative treatment plans for their patients using iTero digital scans and wide smile photos on the Invisalign Go platform. The technical design assessment go-to-market is scheduled for Q4 '22. We know that every Invisalign trained doctor has distinct preferences. Every patient is unique and every treatment plan can vary depending on a variety of factors such as the type of malocclusion, patient age and desired outcome. Because of that, doctors spend time planning and reviewing and modifying their ClinCheck plans and it multiplies with practice growth. IPP and ClinCheck live update for 3D controls are game-changing innovations that represent a step change in digital treatment planning to help doctors achieve more personalized ClinCheck treatment plans. By using 3D controls, doctors can see greater efficiency with changes reflected in real time. Invisalign Smile Architect combines basically driven in ortho restorative treatment planning within the power of ClinCheck software, providing flexibility across treatment planning to address a variety of patient needs, whether it may be orthodontic, restorative or ortho restorative combined. It allows doctors to share their vision with patients and use digital technology and tools to achieve the best quality clinical outcomes for their patients. It's through the convergence of advancements in digital technology, Align's unique capabilities and know-how, and data from millions of Invisalign patients that were able to bring these new Invisalign innovations to our customers this year. The journey to deliver a ClinCheck live update in Invisalign Personal Plan has taken thousands of combined person years of development, testing and learning. It is only possible through the experience data and insights we have gained from over 12 million Invisalign cases. Across our innovations, we're also using a combination of AI and automation to reimagine what the treatment planning experience looks like for our doctors, doctor customers and augmenting their expertise and experience to help them create and personalize and modify Invisalign treatment plans more efficiently and more consistently than ever before. What used to take several days can now be accomplished in just a few minutes, and it's a huge productivity win for doctors and their patients. Our consumer marketing is focused on educating consumers about the Invisalign system and driving that demand to Invisalign doctors offices, ultimately capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles. Consumer interest in the Invisalign brand remains high, and we are continuing to invest in building the brand in key markets and customer segments. This includes investments in social media as an effective channel to increase awareness and interest for Invisalign treatment. We're continuing to work closely with our media partners to reach consumers with the right creative and compelling campaigns, optimize our buys and test new approaches. In Q4, we continued to build on our successful "Invis is" multi-media campaign across the Americas, EMEA and APAC and drove awareness and interest in Invisalign treatment with adult, teen and parent consumer segments. Globally, we delivered record impression volume with over 8 billion impressions, representing 84% year-over-year growth and 21.7 million unique visitors to our website, a 127% increase year-over-year. In the U.S., we amplified our campaigns across the top social media platforms such as TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram and YouTube to increase awareness with teens about Invisalign treatment. Our campaigns continue to feature some of the largest teen influencers from our Invisalign Smile Squad, such as Collins, Devon Key, Charli D'Amelio and Michael Lay, each of whom share their personal experiences with Invisalign treatment and why they chose to transform their smiles with Invisalign aligners. Our consumer marketing programs also include connecting with teams within gaming, specifically on Twitch, with a customized integration that was awarded the gold medal in the Annual Internationalist Awards for innovation in digital marketing solutions. To continue growing our young adult business across the Americas, EMEA and APAC, we built upon our successful "Invis Is a Powerful Thing campaign, which highlights the power of Invisalign treatment transformation for every young adult self confidence. Our integrated media plans across YouTube, Snapchat, Instagram, Facebook and TikTok connected with young adults in the media channels, they consume the most. In Brazil, we continue to amplify our "Invis Is a Powerful Thing" powerful thing campaign, featuring mega influencer, Tas Araujo, driving a 400% year-over-year increase in web traffic. In the EMEA region, we successfully expanded into new markets such as Italy in the Netherlands. To complement our integrated media plan with Google and YouTube, we also leverage newer media channels such as TikTok and Snapchat to drive engagement with consumers resulting in more than 170% year-over-year increase in unique visitors. We continue to expand our investment in consumer advertising across the APAC region, resulting in a 192% year-over-year increase in unique visitors and a 235% year-over-year increase in impressions. We continue to strengthen our investments in Australia leveraging leading influencers featured in premium placements in TikTok and also YouTube. In Japan, we continue to see strong response from consumers as evidenced by 117% year-over-year increase in unique visitors. Lastly, we expanded our advertising investments in India and Taiwan, which generated a strong consumer response. We saw 1,200% and 628% increase in impressions and a 470% and 116% increase in unique visitors to our website in India and Taiwan, respectively. Adoption of our consumer and patient app, My Invisalign continued to increase with 1.4 million downloads to date. Usage of our 4 digital tools continues to increase. For example, in addition to My Invisalign just mentioned, the Invisalign virtual appointment tool was used over 14,000x and our insurance verification feature was used 20,000x in Q4. Further, globally, we received more than 45,000 patient photos in our virtual care feature globally, which continues to provide us with rich data to leverage our AI capabilities and improve our services for doctors and patients. Our Systems and Services business, Q4 revenues grew 61.3% year-over-year, reflecting strong scanner shipments and services up 21% sequentially. This is the sixth consecutive quarter of sequential revenue growth for our Systems and Services business. And I as mentioned earlier, over 50% of scanner sales in Q4 were the first time iTero scanner buyers. We're pleased to see doctors continue to go digital and invest in the Align digital platform. The iTero Element 5D Plus imaging system continued to gain traction across all regions with the most recent launch in China during Q4. The series expands the portfolio of iTero Element scanners and imaging systems to include new solutions that more broadly serve the needs of doctors and patients in the dental market. A strong indicator of digital acceleration within the dental offices is a number of intraoral digital scans used for Invisalign case submissions. Total worldwide inter-oral digital scan submitted to start an Invisalign case in Q4 increased to 85.4% from 79.3% in Q4 last year. International inter-oral digital scans for Invisalign case submissions increased 80.8%, up from 73.7% in the same quarter last year. For the Americas, 89.1% of Invisalign cases were submitted using an inter-oral digital scan compared to 84% in the same quarter last year. Cumulatively, over 50 million orthodontic scans and 10.3 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners. With continued growth of the iTero scanner at 68,000 scanners sold worldwide as of Q4, approximately 30% is services revenue, which includes reoccurring revenue subscriptions, CAT scan software and ancillary products. And we continue to make improvements in our scanner and imaging systems, making iTero systems and service as an integral part of orthodontic and GP dentist workflow. For example, we streamlined the Invisalign case submission process with the iTero Element 5D imaging systems Auto Upload functionality. Turning to exocad. For Q4 Systems and Services, revenues also include exocad CAD/CAM products and services. exocad's expertise in restorative dentistry, implantology, guided surgery and smile design extends our digital dental solutions and broadens Align's digital platform towards a fully integrated interdisciplinary end-to-end workflows. Cumulatively, as Q4 exocad now has over 47,000 software license worldwide. During the quarter, exocad announced the release of ChairsideCAD 3.0 Galway. It's a next generation of easy-to-use CAD software for single-visit dentistry. With this new release, exocad offers dentist design tools for a vast range of indications with a wide choice of integrated devices. Also during the quarter, exocad announced the availability of ChairsideCAD 3.0 Galway software in the U.S. and Canada, where the software is now available in North America, EU and other selected markets. Exocads ChairsideCAD is groundbreaking open architecture CAD software for single-visit dentistry. It received the 2021 Cellerant best-of-class technology award from Cellerant Consulting Group during the quarter as well. This is the third consecutive year that ChairsideCAD has been recognized for this award. With that, I'll now turn this over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q4 financial results. Total revenues for the fourth quarter were $1.31 billion, up 1.5% from the prior quarter and up 23.6% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. For Clear Aligners, Q4 revenues of $815.3 million were down 2.7% sequentially due to lower Invisalign volumes, partially offset by slightly higher ASPs and up 16.3% year-over-year, reflecting Invisalign volume growth across all geographies and higher ASPs. In Q4, we shipped 631,100 Invisalign cases, a decrease of 3.7% sequentially, an increase of 11.1% year-over-year. In addition, we shipped to 83,500 Invisalign doctors worldwide, of which over 6,400 were to first-time customers. Q4 comprehensive volume increased 13.1% year-over-year and decreased 4.5% sequentially. And Q4 noncomprehensive volume increased 6.6% year-over-year and decreased 1.7% sequentially. Q4 adult patients increased 10.4% year-over-year and increased 0.1% sequentially. In Q4, teens or younger patients increased 13% year-over-year and decreased 11.8% sequentially. Clear Aligner revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $11.4 million or approximately 1.4 points sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Clear Aligner revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $1.5 million or approximately 0.2 points. For Q4, Invisalign comprehensive ASPs increased sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Invisalign comprehensive ASPs reflect higher additional liners, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange and higher discounts. On a year-over-year basis, comprehensive ASPs reflect higher additional aligners, partially offset by higher discounts. Q4 Invisalign noncomprehensive ASPs decreased sequentially and increased year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Invisalign noncomprehensive ASPs were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange, partially offset by higher additional aligners. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign noncomprehensive ASPs reflect higher additional liners and product mix, partially offset by higher discounts. Clear Aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet increased $68.5 million or 6.9% sequentially and $332.9 million or 45.8% year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped. Our Systems and Services revenues for the fourth quarter were a record $215.8 million, up 21% sequentially and up 61.3% year-over-year. This marks the sixth consecutive quarter of sequential revenue growth. The increase sequentially can be attributed to increased scanner shipments and increased service revenues from our larger installed base. The increase year-over-year can be attributed to increased scanner shipments, increased service revenues from our larger installed base as well as higher ASPs from the favorable mix shift towards higher-priced iTero 5D scanners and imaging systems. Our Systems and Services deferred revenue on the balance sheet was up $42.6 million or 22.8% sequentially and up $116.2 million or 102.6% year-over-year, primarily due to the increase in scanner sales and the deferred -- and the deferral of services revenues, which will be recognized ratably over the service period. Moving on to gross margin. Fourth quarter overall gross margin was 72.2%, down 2.1 points sequentially and down 0.9 points year-over-year. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation expense and amortization of intangibles related to acquisitions, overall, gross margin was 72.6% for the fourth quarter, down 2.1 points sequentially and down 0.9 points year-over-year. Overall gross margin was unfavorably impacted by approximately 0.1 points on a year-over-year basis and by approximately 0.4% sequentially due to foreign exchange. Clear Aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 74.2%, down 2 points sequentially due to higher freight costs and additional aligners, along with lower primary shipments, partially offset by higher ASPs. Clear Aligner gross margin was down 0.6 points year-over-year due to higher additional aligners and higher freight costs, partially offset by higher ASPs and improved manufacturing absorption due to higher volumes. Systems and Services gross margin for the fourth quarter was 64.7%, down 0.9 points sequentially, primarily due to higher freight costs and increased component costs, partially offset by higher ASP from 5D Plus mix and higher service revenues. Systems and Services gross margin was up 0.4 points year-over-year due to higher ASP from higher mix of iTero 5D Plus and higher service revenues, partially offset by higher freight costs and increased component costs. We are actively engaged in activities to mitigate supply disruptions by expanding supplier communications, modifying our purchase order coverage and increasing inventory levels for key components. Q4 operating expenses were $523.7 million, up sequentially 6% and up 31.8% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were up by $29.7 million. Year-over-year operating expenses increased by $126.4 million, reflecting increased headcount and our continued investment in marketing, sales, in R&D activities and other investments commensurate with business growth. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation and amortization of acquired intangibles related to certain acquisitions, operating expenses were $494.4 million, up sequentially 6.1% and up 32.8% year-over-year due to the reasons described earlier. Our fourth quarter operating income of $220.9 million resulted in an operating margin of 21.4%, down 4.3 points sequentially and down 4.1 points year-over-year. The sequential and year-over-year decreases in operating margin are primarily attributed to lower gross margin, investments in our go-to-market teams and technology as well as unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and amortization of intangibles related to certain acquisitions, operating margin for the fourth quarter was 24.7%, down 4.1 points sequentially and down 4.3 points year-over-year. Interest and other income and expense net for the fourth quarter was a loss of $0.9 million, down sequentially by $1.7 million and down year-over-year by $2.2 million. The GAAP tax rate for the fourth quarter was 13.2% compared to 30.9% in the third quarter and 25.9% in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 11.5% in the fourth quarter compared to 22.2% in the third quarter and 14.5% in the fourth quarter of the prior fourth quarter. The fourth quarter GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rates reflected an out-of-period adjustment, which reduced our tax rate by 7.3% and 6.3%, respectively. Fourth quarter net income per diluted share was $2.40, up sequentially $0.12 and up $0.40 compared to the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.83 for the fourth quarter, down $0.04 sequentially and up $0.22 year-over-year. For the full year, net income per diluted share was $9.69, down $12.72 year-over-year due to the onetime tax benefit in 2020 of approximately $1.5 billion associated with our corporate structure reorganization completed during the first quarter of 2020. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $11.22 for the full year, up $5.97 year-over-year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term marketable securities were $1.3 billion, up sequentially $58.8 million and up $335.8 million year-over-year. Of our $1.3 billion balance, $582.9 million was held in the U.S. and $713.8 million was held by our international entities. Q4 accounts receivable balance was $897.2 million, up approximately 4.9% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 78 days, up approximately 3 days sequentially and up approximately 7 days as compared to Q4 last year. Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $272.8 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $109.1 million, primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner manufacturing capability -- capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $163.8 million. In November 2021, we purchased $100 million of our common stock through an accelerated share repurchase, which was approximately 0.2 million shares at an average price of $666.53 per share. We have approximately $725 million remaining available for repurchase under our May 13, 2021, $1 billion repurchase program. Before I move to our outlook, I would like to make a few comments on our full year 2021 results. In 2021, we shipped a record 2.5 million Invisalign cases, up 54.8% year-over-year. This reflects 51.6% volume growth from our international doctors and 57.6% volume growth from our Americas doctors. Total revenues were a record $4 billion, up 59.9% year-over-year with Clear Aligner revenues a record $3.2 billion, up 54.5% year-over-year. 2021 Systems and Services revenue were a record $705.5 million compared to $370.5 million in 2020, up 90.4% year-over-year. Full year 2021 GAAP operating income of $976.4 million was up 152.2% versus 2020, and operating margin at 24.7% versus 15.7% in 2020. On a non-GAAP basis, 2021 operating margin was 27.9% versus 20.3% in 2020. 2021 interest income and other income and expense net of $36 million included the SmileDirectClub arbitration award gain of $43.4 million. Excluding the SmileDirectClub arbitration award gain, interest and other income and expense was $7.4 million expense on a non-GAAP basis. With regards to full year tax provision, our GAAP tax rate was 23.7%. The full year tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was 18.5% compared to 17.6% for 2020. 2021 diluted EPS was $9.69. On a non-GAAP basis, 2021 diluted EPS was $11.22. Free cash flow was $771.4 million for 2021, up $264.2 million versus 2020. Overall, we are pleased with our Q4 results and another record year for Align. We delivered strong growth and profitability, in line with our guidance despite disruptions late in the quarter from Omicron and others factors. Our Q4 revenue year-over-year growth was within our long-term model despite disruptions impacting roughly 3 points of growth. We continue to see strong momentum and demand for our Systems and Services throughout Q4, with the majority of scanners being sold to first-time buyers. We believe this is a good leading indicator of future Invisalign growth as our customers continue to invest in digital technology even during COVID. Let me turn to our outlook. We would normally expect sequentially higher Invisalign revenues and lower Systems and Services revenue, consistent with the typical Q1 seasonality. However, due to the continued impact of Omicron into Q1, we now expect our total Q1 revenue to be slightly down sequentially. We remain confident in our strategy, our huge underpenetrated market opportunity, our industry leadership and our ability to execute. These factors have guided our approach throughout the pandemic, where we continue to invest in new technology, commercial expansion and manufacturing capabilities to drive our growth. We plan to continue these investments in Q1 and therefore, expect our Q1 operating margin to be less than 20%. In addition, during Q1 2020 -- 2022, we expect to repurchase up to $75 million of our common stock through either a combination of open market repurchases or an accelerated stock repurchase agreement. Turning to full year 2022. Despite Omicron headwinds, we expect 2022 revenue growth to be in line with our long-term model range of 20% to 30%. Our 2022 guidance assumes no significant new COVID surges after the current wave. No meaningful practice disruptions nor material supply chain issues throughout the year. On a GAAP basis, we anticipate our 2022 operating margin to be around 24%. On a non-GAAP basis, we expect 2022 operating margin to be approximately 3 points higher than our GAAP operating margin after excluding stock-based compensation and intangible amortization from certain acquisitions. For 2022, we expect our investments in capital expenditures to exceed $350 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building in construction and improvements as well as additional manufacturing capacity to support our international expansion. This includes our planned investment in a Clear Aligner manufacturing facility in Wroclaw, Poland, which is expected to begin serving doctors in 2022 as part of our strategy to bring operational facilities closer to customers. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, John. Overall, despite the disruption from the Omicron in December, we delivered a record year with strong revenue growth and operating margin, in line with our guidance for the full year on top of a record Q4 and 2020 a year ago. As you look back, I wanted to take a moment to recognize our accomplishments and thank our employees and our customers for another remarkable year. In the face of ongoing challenges related to COVID-19 and economic uncertainty, we remain steadfast in our commitment to our employees, customers and the focused execution of our strategic initiatives, and our customers remain confident in our ability to support them. Operating in this environment has not been easy, but after 2 years of navigating uncharted waters, the Align team is more agile and resilient than ever. In 2021, we met our goals and achieved numerous milestones. Globally, we delivered across each of our strategic priorities, which are highlighted in our Q4 '21 webcast slides. Our performance over the last year reaffirms the incredible size of our target market, and demonstrates that our strategy and investment in recent years are validated by the trust and faith our customers place in us. In 2022, we must continue to extend our leadership in digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry through relentless execution of our strategic initiatives, focusing on expanding our commercial, manufacturing, R&D, clinical, treatment planning and manufacturing operations, and building our quality and regulatory muscle globally in existing and emerging markets, reaching millions of consumers who want to transform their smiles using the most advanced Clear Aligner system in the world through the right investments in advertising, PR, digital, social media and influencer marketing to drive demand and conversion through Invisalign trained doctors. Invisalign ortho adoption and teen utilization of Invisalign treatment and training and educating GP dentists on how the iTero Element family of inter-oral scanners and imaging systems can propel today's dental practice into the future by enhancing patient experience and elevating clinical precision, and on the benefits of digital dentistry with the Invisalign system trusted by more than 12 million people worldwide to transform smiles. We remain mindful of the ongoing uncertainty surrounding COVID-19 and the challenges that go with it. While there is still uncertainty, it has become increasingly clear over the last year with the first spread of the Delta variant, now Omicron, that COVID-19 may never fully go away and may be a virus that persist in one variant form or another for the foreseeable future. And like other viruses, new or different vaccines will be needed and new therapies will be developed to minimize the impact and treat COVID-19 more effectively in our most vulnerable populations. The reality of living with COVID is one of the government's businesses and communities all over the world are beginning to acknowledge and move towards, and at Align, we will do the same. In closing, I'm going to share some thoughts that I expressed to our employees recently. What we learn in life, both in business and our personal lines, is that we're not fully in control of our environment and destiny. This is a fact of life that we face every day, but not being in control does not mean that we can't make good choices regardless of the situation or challenges we all face. We must look forward focused on the opportunities. Align has numerous growth drivers in a vastly underpenetrated market. And while we continue to see some lasting impact and continued uncertainty due to COVID-19, we remain confident in both the enormous opportunity to lead the evolution of digital orthodontics and comprehensive dentistry. We never forget that digital orthodontics presents the fastest growing and largest market in the world of medical devices. We have the greatest Clear Aligner system, scanners, GP lab software in the world and the broadest and deepest digital dental platform. We have the most recognized consumer brand in the largest direct sales force in the dental space with over 4,000 salespeople supporting over 212,000 doctors and labs and their staff, who have incredible skills and dedication to their patients. We have an amazing team of employees committed to our purpose. It's a unique opportunity unlike anything I've ever seen in my career. They both continue to grow Align and be part of the positively changing millions of lives by transforming their smiles. Thank you for your time today. We look forward to speaking to you again as the year progresses. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich : Joe, thanks for all the details on the outlook. You called out the 300 basis point headwind from COVID in the quarter, with the impact, I think, concentrated in December. So maybe a bit higher as we think about what the headwind was exiting the year. Could you maybe talk about how the impact in January as compared to what you experienced in December? And can you maybe elaborate on what you've seen in recent weeks? I'm just looking for a sense of maybe where January is trending and kind of what you're assuming for the balance of the quarter to get you to the guidance that you gave for 1Q?
Joe Hogan: Nathan, look, we saw what we talked about in December, we had a rapid decrease through COVID. But what we've seen as we've gone into January is just a progressive improvement. And we feel good about that. We feel it's moving in the right way. And it's in direct correlation. We track it around the country with what's going on with Omicron in certain states and certain regions. And remember, this is in just the United States. We've seen this all over the world. We see it in APAC, and we see it in Europe too when we track it.
Nathan Rich : Okay. And maybe just building on that at a high level, Joe, do you feel like the slowdown, I guess, is primarily a supply issue, just given the practice closures and lockdowns and staffing issues that you cited versus a demand issue? Because I think in your prepared remarks, you also mentioned some impacts from inflation and less stimulus. So I was just curious to kind of get your thoughts there.
Joe Hogan: No, we don't see this as a demand issue. I mean, we look at the market as we always have. That's why we reasserted our 20%, 30% growth rate for this year. So this is not a demand equation issue or you call it a supply, but I'd call it demand from a patient standpoint. We just see it's patients and doctors in the sense of cancellations, availability and all those things that COVID has impacted around. So we remain very confident. That's why you see us to continue to make investments, the things we announced today. We feel really good about the business. We just have to get through this first quarter and what we talked about, and we'll move on. We feel really good about it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse.
Matt Miksic: Just maybe a follow-up on that -- the question on planning assumptions around your Q1 comments and 2022 guidance. Maybe, Joe, if you could just give a sense as to how -- you mentioned improvements in early January. Is this kind of sluggish recovery wrapping up by the end of the quarter? Is Q2 the inflection to help you get to that 20%, 30% growth that you mentioned? And then just if I could also on a similar topic. Just the idea that somehow there is -- you've -- I think many of the folks on the call heard this idea that somehow there was outsized growth due to the pandemic, and we're sort of digesting that somehow now, which I know it's sort of one of the ways that folks look at Align and aligners and so on. If you could maybe just talk about your confidence that, once we get through the staffing that the demand that's in front of you of the growth drivers that you're laying in on top of your core markets, that we're not looking to digest some sort of outsized growth during the pandemic here in '22, but we're getting back to a growth market that's still highly underpenetrated? Sorry for the lengthy 2-part question, but I would appreciate it.
Joe Hogan: We understand the basis of your question, Matt. That's not a problem in that sense. Look, as I mentioned before, we're really confident in demand equation in the sense of Clear Aligners and Invisalign. What we're experiencing right now is obviously somewhat of a slowdown in our order demand pattern based on what we see through the virus that's going on around the world. As soon as that clears and we see it clearing around the world, and as I mentioned, we see January improving over December, we're very confident in demand models that we've expressed for this business over the last several years.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: I guess on the first side, I think you obviously talked about some of the increased investments that you're making on marketing and also in sales capacity, et cetera. How do we think about the conversion efforts of those initiatives versus sort of prior -- and sort of where do you sort of see that hitting in terms of as we're thinking about the pacing of the year?
Joe Hogan: Yes. I mean the pacing of the year, I mean we continue to invest, as we mentioned, John mentioned, I mentioned too in marketing. Where we invest? We understand the returns that we get, no matter what the country is or what kind of media we use in order to go after consumers. So we've been very consistent in the sense of that investment. And we move money around based on where we see the most opportunity. John, anything to add?
John Morici : And we -- as we mentioned, we added some sales resources in Q4 to get ahead of sales territories and changes and so on. We saw that show up in Q4, but it really gives us the opportunity then to be able to grow as we get into this year. So it's continued investments to drive the biggest return and that's what we're continuing to do.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. So it sounds like maybe no change in sort of the pacing that we've been seeing before. Maybe as a follow-up, I know you obviously highlighted that the total growth of the company would be in your 20% to 30% range. Do you also see that the case growth on a year-over-year basis would be above 20% as you look out at this point?
John Morici : We'd expect them to be similar. When we talk about 20% to 30%, we're talking about revenue for the entire company, but they would be similar from an outlook standpoint.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jon Block: Maybe just the first one. The outmargin compression year-over-year, the 24.7-ish gap that is to the 24%. Maybe you could talk to that, John, I was just going to say it's a gross margin thing with scanners likely to grow much faster than case vol. But to Elizabeth's question, it seems like you expect both to be within the guardrails of 20% to 30%. So is it more a function of you guys just sort of, call it, running a little bit harder on the OpEx line to drive that case volume and why we would see that year-over-year OM compression. Again, I'm just sort of referring gap-to-gap for apples-to-apples?
John Morici : I think, Jon, it's continued investments like we have with the story to continue to invest that we have and being able to be able to grow into this market. So I think when we look at it overall, we're kind of pegging the GAAP rate to be at 24% for 2022, and we'll evaluate and update as we go forward. But it's continuing to invest. We've got, as you know, our Poland facility going live in 2022. And we have some of those moving parts that will impact our gross margin slightly as a result of that, but -- and that translates to op margin. But those are the initiatives that we have, but nothing out of the ordinary that we've done in the past.
Jon Block: Okay. Heads up this next one is going to be long, probably 2 parts. But maybe can you just get people comfortable with the fact that if you look at your 2Q, 3Q, 4Q '21 case files and the implied guidance for 1Q, to get to 20% to 30% case volumes for the year, you're going to have to rip sequentially in 2Q, 3Q, 4Q of '22. Maybe if you could talk to that? And then the other sort of third question, if you would admittedly is I'm confused on the 3 points. So if 4Q was impacted by 3 points of growth, why don't you we capture, I don't know, 2 or 3 points of that in 1Q '22? Where are those cases going if they're not showing up in the next possible quarter?
John Morici : I think I'll maybe start with the last part of your question, Jon. When you think of what's happened in the world with Omicron and the effects of that, it's affecting parts of the world at different paces. You see it even within the U.S. Northeast maybe gets hit with it first. It starts to open up later. After that, maybe other parts of the country get impacted. So it's not like it just happens and you immediately get it back. It comes down to when people are able to go to work, in this case, at doctors' offices to be able to provide care and then it comes down to when patients feel comfortable to be able to go back in. And so it's not an immediate effect in how we look at it. So think of -- and what we've learned from kind of COVID 1.0, the first time we saw this, we know that there's an impact, and then there's a recovery period -- and that's our best view of that recovery period.
Joe Hogan: John, on your your other part about you have the rest of the year, we understand that. I mean we've modeled it out. Remember, our comparisons are a little better in second half than they were first half when you look at what we did in 2021 in the first half of the year. So look, we wouldn't make that prediction if we didn't think it was feasible based on what we've seen and what we've modeled.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Just a couple of questions here for me. I guess one, John, in 2021, you guys were talking about being within your LRP, but at the upper end of that, do you want to put any quality buyers on kind of the LRP for 2022. It feels like kind of low end, given where 1Q is starting. But one, do you want to put any qualifiers around where within that LRP you'd expect to be? And two, just to go back to the last 2 questions again. I feel like I'm talking to my 10-year-old kid here, so apologies, but I'm going to give you one more chance. Do you feel like case shipments can still grow within that LRP this year too, not just revenue because you've got some of the new products you're selling, plus you've got faster iTero growth than that, but case shipments also can be within that 20% to 30% LRP. I just want to make sure I'm hearing that correctly.
John Morici : I can answer both of those, Jeff, in terms of the 20% to 30%. We're not going to call kind of high low on that. We're kind of reaffirming our 20% to 30%, similar to what we talked about at Investor Day despite some of the things that we've talked about here with Omicron in some of those cases and so on. But when we look at Invisalign case volume, we would expect to be in and above that range. So nothing out of the ordinary from what we expect. We don't see -- our ASPs were very similar to what they were in the prior quarter, provided that there's not FX or other things that we're not projecting now. And if there's no change there, we would expect to be in that range as well.
Jeff Johnson: Fair enough. And then, Joe, maybe kind of just update us on kind of the competitive landscape. We've seen a couple of DSO contracts get announced here from others in the last few months and maybe some talk over in China about some growing competition or slowing end markets in that. But where do you see your end markets across the globe from a competitive standpoint? Would just love to hear your update there?
Joe Hogan: Jeff, I think from a competitive standpoint, nothing's really changed. As we look out there, you can see the tech we just announced this week, we move on in the sense of our capabilities, what we can do. My position has always been that competition isn't really affecting us from a price standpoint. I think you see that in what we're doing. But they do serve to help to broaden the market and increase the market and make -- increase the awareness. So we feel we are -- in this kind of competitive environment, we're doing well, and we lead in this sense and there's nothing as we go into 2022 that I won't reflect on it's changed competitively than what I've seen over the last 3 years.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: John, two quick ones for you. I think you said that the receivable DSOs were up about 7 days year-over-year. Can you just expand on that? Was that -- were you providing some extra inducements to practices or anything to be concerned about there?
John Morici : Nothing to be concerned. We're in a fortunate cash position as a company to be able to generate a lot of CFOA and free cash flow. And in working with doctors to be able to give them more flexibility, sometimes we'll extend payments. But we've actually seen historically low amount of past dues as we've gone through this time period in 2021. So we feel very comfortable with that. It's just working with doctors to kind of meet their cash flow needs, but nothing out of the ordinary.
John Kreger: Okay. Great. And then one other one to clarify. I think you said that you expect the EBIT margin to be under 20% in the first quarter. Was that GAAP or non-GAAP?
John Morici : That's GAAP.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Joe, just real quick, and I asked whether you can confirm you said January improved over December. I thought I heard you say that earlier in the call? Or is it just that the January trend line showed improvement as the month unfolded? Sorry for just clarifying that something nuanced like that here.
John Morici : Yes. I think to clarify, Jason, the month end showed improvement versus December. It was -- it's how COVID spreads across, whether it's one country or parts of countries and so on and how it affects the staff and how it affects the patients in. But as we exited, we're in a better trend line than we started the month with.
Jason Bednar: Okay. Understood. And then maybe as a follow-up to an earlier question, really for Joe or John. I know you often talk about the internal investments you keep making in the business, you talked about running a similar growth algorithm here in '22 as you have in the past. But we also have 2 different case examples here of the market with pre-COVID, a lot of those resources were helping funding faster growth in your team business. And then the last 18 months during the pandemic, adult demand has really taken off and growing faster than teens. So I guess my question here is, as you went through your year-end planning and you're obviously resourcing this business in another significant way here in '22, how do you approach it for this year? Is it from a sales force add marketing plan and whatnot? Is it -- are you really with respect to how you're thinking about the adult and teen mix that you're expecting for this year?
Joe Hogan: I mean we're -- it's Joe, Jason. I mean there's no big change in the sense of what we think the critical drivers are that we have to invest in to drive growth. Where we invest and how we invest is really important. When you look at technology, when you look at consumer pieces, however, parts of those demand inflations you want to go to. But remember, there are certain ratios that we always hold to in this business, its that what we invest in. And we hold ourselves accountable for those ratios and that performance from a profitability standpoint.  But I can't overstate the importance of having a strong sales force. We talked about additional sales people that we are putting in place. Our consumer brand means a lot in the sense of our growth. And that's becoming more and more sophisticated in the sense of where we spend those dollars and how we spend those dollars. But leading in technology, you have to have technology in this business, and that's why we're excited to really announce what we did today. We've been working on these programs for 3 years or more. And these are game breakers in the sense of how you interface with a doctor and how a doctor interface with patients.
John Morici : And I would just add to that, Jason. We're investing with that return on investment in mind. That's how we look at our long-term growth model. And when we make investments, we have that in mind. In some countries, you're going deeper, you're adding more salespeople to get closer to doctors and really talk to drive that utilization. In other areas where you don't have a direct sales force, you're just adding and just trying to get the breadth in there.  And then we've been talking about a lot of the marketing activities and other things that we do to drive that awareness in some of those markets and coupled with the research and development investments. Some of it operations, again, to get closer to our customers like in Poland. So it's a multitude of investments, but we look at it with how do we generate the best return and there's multiple different ways that we do it across these functions.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Jason. Operator, we'll take one more call, please?
Operator: Sure. The last question we have is from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard: John, you've talked about freight costs for a few quarters now. Any chance you're planning a less price increase this year to help offset some of that? It's been a few years since you've taken less pricing?
John Morici : Yes, it's a good question. We are seeing freight -- it looks like many companies have. We have a lot of plans in place to drive productivity. The operating team is very aware of our cost inputs and where we can drive productivity, getting closer to our customers, like we talk in Poland. Once we get there, that will be a freight savings. And once we're operational there, and that will help. But we haven't really finalized any plans on a price increase. We'll evaluate as we go through. And the first people that we talked to would be our customers. But you're right, we understand the price is important, but we're also very sensitive to our customers and what they've had to go through as we've been on this COVID journey. So nothing in the works now.
Brandon Couillard: Okay. And then Joe, on Ontario, I appreciate the detail as far as more than 50% of placements being new buyers. I would actually expect that to be normally the case. So what's the relevancy of that metric? Is that up a lot compared to historical levels? And what percent of those placements are being used for Invisalign case submissions?
Joe Hogan: Over the years, Brandon, we've obviously seen that correlation, and we've communicated it to you in a sense if you sell more iTero scanners, you sell more Invisalign. And that's obviously, the front end of our digital system and it works for us really well. We just had to side the 50% because, one, you saw we had a very strong fourth quarter for iTero. And we always have strong fourth quarters. So this was exceptional in that sense. And it was a good signal from the practices that we're dealing with that this had to do with the day-to-day flow that you see from an Invisalign patient standpoint, it had nothing to do with their enthusiasm in the sense of embracing the digital environment that we're talking about. And so to see the number of sales that we had really in the last couple of weeks of the quarter, it was just a good signal for us. And we wanted to share that with you is that this market is embracing digital even when it's under pressure, and we're performing really well in that area. As far as 50%, whatever and how, I don't know exactly what the historical percentages are in that way. But we're -- obviously, what we're excited about is once those scanners are in place, it gives us a good foundation to sell Invisalign.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our question and session. I now turn the call back over to Shirley Stacy for closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings. If you have any questions or follow-up, please contact our Investor Relations team. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Align Technology's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are on a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications. Thank you, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Joining me today for our conference call is Joseph Hogan, President and CEO, and John Morici, CFO. We issued third quarter 2021 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor. aligntech.com Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 1 month. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on November 10th. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13723267 followed by [Indiscernible]. International caller should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number.  As a reminder the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements that aligns future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and Involve risks and uncertainties described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and@scc.gov. Actual results may vary significantly and align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations on our -- on our GAAP -- of our GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliation if applicable. And our third quarter 2021 conference call slides are on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights in the third quarter, then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, system services, and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. I am pleased to report strong third quarter results with revenue growth of 38.4% year-over-year on top of a record third quarter last year, driven by the strength across all regions, customer channels, and products.  For Q3 we shipped to a record 85,500 doctors in the quarter and reached 11.6 million Invisalign patients cumulatively. On a sequential basis, Q3 results reflect continued adoption of iTero scanners and increased utilization of Invisalign Clear Aligners in the Americas and APAC regions, as well as the growth in teen segment, especially in the North America orthodontics channel. Our third quarter revenues reflect a growing confidence of doctors and patients with Invisalign treatment, iTero scanners and Exocad software, as more doctors discover the benefits of digital treatment and transform their practices with the Align Digital Platform. For Q3, Systems and Services revenues were up 57.3% year-over-year, with strong revenue growth across all regions, and up 5% sequentially, primarily in North America. Q3 results reflect the continued adoption of iTero Element 5D Plus Series, our next-generation scanners and imaging system, which launched earlier this year and feature innovative technology like Near Infrared technology we call NIRI, which aid in detection and monitoring of interproximal caries lesions or cavities above the gingiva without harmful radiation. For Q3, Clear Aligner revenues were up 34.9% year-over-year, with strong revenue growth across all regions and across the portfolio, including comprehensive and non-comprehensive products, as well as Invisalign moderate and Invisalign Go.  On a sequential basis, Q3 Clear Aligners revenues were down very slightly from record Q2 reflecting more pronounced summer seasonality than last year, especially in EMEA, were practices and patients appear to have taken extended holidays and where offices were impacted due to resurgence of COVID-19 cases and restrictions especially in some markets in Asia-Pacific. And the team segment Q3 '21 Invisalign Clear Aligner volumes for teens were strong, up 13.8% sequentially, and 26.6% year-over-year to a record 206,000 teens, representing approximately 1/3 of total cases shipped, with strong shipment growth from North American orthodontists and a record quarter for teen and APAC.  Our third quarter revenues also include non-case revenue for clinical training and education, and doctor prescribed retainer products. Retention is a critical part of creating and maintaining a beautiful new smile. Retainers prevent teeth from gradually shifting back to their initial positions after treatment ends. Studies show that without retention, even perfectly aligned teeth can gradually revert to their pre -treatment state. And that dentition continues to change as patients age, often requiring limited treatment, also known as touch-up treatment, if not properly retained. Our retention products are designed to maintain teeth that have been aligned by Invisalign Aligners, braces, or other aligners. These retainer products can accommodate lingual bars, wires, also known as a permanent retainer, missing teeth that require an artificial tooth, and bite ramps, also known as turbos or blocks. While our retainer business continues to deliver solid revenue growth, our share of retention market is significantly under-penetrated. Even more so than in our share of the orthodontic case starts. We've been developing a robust retainer strategy, including a separate marketing team focused solely on driving adoption, and increasing market share in the United States. Our objective is to build brand awareness for Vivera retainers, and driving engagement with doctors through clinical education and sales initiatives, while connecting consumers to doctors through demand creation programs and our concierge service. We've also recently implemented social media campaigns featuring the benefits of Vivera from the makers of Invisalign Clear Aligners. We believe that incremental investments will provide increased value for Invisalign practices, and drive growth consistent with our long-term financial model target. In addition, we successfully rolled out a limited pilot program to participate in Invisalign Providers in the United States and Canada, that offers a monthly targeted subscription program to address the unmet patient demand for retention or touch-up cases. Our goal is to encourage experienced high-volume Invisalign practices, who regularly treat patients with our comprehensive products to offer premium retention or entry-level products for the long-term health of their patients, and to grow their businesses. Practices in this pilot program can purchase a monthly subscription at a fixed price, based on their monthly needs for retention or limited treatment. The program allows doctors the flexibility to order both touch-up or retention Aligners with their tier subscription. The program is designed for a segment of experienced Invisalign doctors, who are now regularly using our retainers or low stage Aligners. The positive feedback from our doctors have been encouraging. For instance, the doctors at [Indiscernible] told us the program is very straightforward and easy to understand, and they've been hoping Align would do something like this. Doctor Jonathan Nicozisis at Princeton Orthodontics called the program a home run. We went on to -- he went to predict it should replace the idea that doctors invest in 3D printing and the additional complications and expenses it requires. Including the need for a full-time employee and additional overhead costs, particularly because he believes h is treatment outcomes are always better with Align. Q3 non-case revenues also included accessories and consumables such as aligner cases called Clam Shells, cleaning crystals, and other oral health products that are available on our e-commerce channels in the U.S. only, including the Invisalign accessories store, Walmart, and Amazon. In Q3, we announced an exclusive supply distribution agreement with Ultradent Products, Incorporated, a leading developer and manufacturer of high-tech dental materials, devices and instruments worldwide. The Invisalign Professional whitening program powered OpEx essence is optimized for Invisalign aligners and Vivera Retainers and is available only through Invisalign trained doctors. Also in Q3, we launched the Invisalign whitening pen through an e-commerce channels in the U.S. only. The whitening Pen is over-the-counter retail product for consumers seeking quick tooth whitening at a lower price and is not intended to be used with aligners. The whitening Pen complements the other accessory products that Align already marks to consumers through its existing e-commerce channels and is a key addition to our consumable product portfolio.  Now let's turn to the specifics around our third quarter results, starting with the Americas. With Americas, Q3 results reflected strong performance, including record revenues for Latin America, as well as summer seasonality for adult case starts in North America that primarily impacted GP practices, strong ortho performance, especially in the teen market that included increased utilization from the orthodontic channel. Invisalign Case volume was up 0.7% sequentially, and up 36.4% year-over-year, reflecting growth across the region especially in Latin. DSO utilization continued to be a strong growth driver as well, led by Heartland and Smile Docs. For our international business, Q3 Invisalign case volume was up 27% year-over-year on top of record growth in the same quarter last year. On a sequential basis, international shipments were down sequentially 4.3%, primarily as a result of greater seasonality in COVID related shutdowns in APAC markets.  For EMEA, Q3 Invisalign case volumes were up 49.6% year-over-year, with broad-based growth across all markets led by the U.K. and Iberia, along with continued growth in our expansion markets in Central and Eastern Europe and the Benelux. For Q3 year-over-year Invisalign volume in EMEA was driven by increased submitters from both orthodontics and GPEs and increase utilization primarily from orthos. On a sequential basis, EMEA was down sequentially 60.5% following a record Q2, primarily as a result of the extended seasonality we had anticipated, primarily from summer holidays and vacations across the region. For APAC, Q3 volumes were up 4.2% compared to a record Q3 last year in APAC. On a year-over-year basis, growth was uneven. The market as APAC, the first region to emerge from the depths of the COVID lockdown in 2020. Additionally, we saw COVID resurgences and lockdowns sporadically impact various APAC countries in Q3. On a sequential basis, Q3 Invisalign volumes were up 21.2%, reflecting growth across the region led by a record quarter in China, especially from teen cases, as well as strong growth in Japan, and A&G. In Q3 growth from both channels was strong with ortho growth driven by increased Invisalign utilization and cheapy growth, channel growth driven by increased Invisalign submitters. APAC teen shipments reached an all-time high in Q3, at the recent 10th China Finance Summit Awards, Align was recognized as the 2021 most innovative enterprise for its advancements and outstanding contributions in the field of Digital orthodontics.  This award builds on our prior recognition of Align's leadership in the digital orthodontics industry and its efforts to promote the modernization of orthodontics. Our consumer marketing focuses on educating consumers about the Invisalign system, to drive demand to Invisalign doctors offices, ultimately capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles. In Q3, we expanded a next-generation of the Invis Is media campaign across EMEA, APAC, and Brazil to increase awareness with adult, mom, and teen consumers. Globally, we delivered 6.45 billion impressions, growing 42% year-over-year, resulting in a 70% year-over-year increase in unique visitors to our websites. In the U.S., we connected with teens on Snapchat, YouTube, and Twitch, with our Invis is Not Your Parents Braces campaigns. These campaigns continue to feature some of the largest teen influencers from our Invisalign SmileSquad, like Charlie D'Amelio, Marci Martin, Michael Leon Collins, and Devin Key. These influencers share their personal experience with Invisalign treatment, including why they chose Invisalign treatment to shape their smiles. As part of our focus on teens, with our Invisalign teens makers program, we hold a recognition event hosted by Marcel Martin with teens across the country to celebrate and recognize 100 teens across the country who drove positive change within their communities. To continue growing for our young adult businesses, we expanded the Invis is a powerful thing campaign, which highlights how powerful the smile transformation with Invisalign treatment can be for their self confidence.  In U.S we expanded our Invisalign smile squad to include young adult influencers such as Cody Rigsby, Lana Candor, and Emily Hampshire, who help to deliver over 405 million impressions. Additionally, our influencer partnerships with TikTok creators helped increase traffic to our sites, with a 127% increase in click-through rates. In Brazil, we launched the Invis is a Powerful Thing campaign, and teamed up with mega influencer [Indiscernible] to increase website traffic by 30%. In the EMEA region, we expanded into new media channels such as TikTok and Snapchat across the UK, Germany, and France to drive engagement. These efforts led to more than a 153% increase in unique visitors. We also started consumer advertising in Russia, which resulted in more of a 1000 increase in unique visitors to our website. In Q3, we continue to expand our consumer advertising across the APAC region, experienced a 132% increase in unique visitors to our websites. And Australia, we expanded our media mix to include partners such as TikTok and Snapchat. Which resulted in 250% -- 250% growth year-over-year in unique visitors to our website. In Japan, we continue to see a strong response from consumers to our [Indiscernible] campaign, resulting in more than an 800% increase year-over-year in unique visitors to our website. Adoption of our consumer in patient app, my Invisalign continued to increase in Q3 with 1.2 million downloads to date. Usage of our 4 digital tools also continued to increase. For example, our Invisalign virtual appointment tool was used over 15,000 times and our insurance verification feature was used 14,000 times in Q3. Furthermore, we received more than 1.5 million patient photos in our Virtual Care feature today globally, which continues to provide us with rich data to leverage our AI capabilities and improve our services for doctors that is used to enhance their patients care. For our systems and services business, Q3 revenues grew 57.3% year-over-year, reflecting strong scanner shipments and services, and was up 5% sequentially. This is the fifth consecutive quarter of sequential revenue growth for our systems and services business. The iTero Element 5D Plus Imaging system continued gaining traction across all regions, with the most recent launch in Japan in Q3. The iTero Element 5D Plus Imaging System will be available in China in Q4 of this year. Additionally, The iTero Element Plus Series was launched in Korea in Q3. The series expands the portfolio of iTero Element Scanners and Imaging Systems to include new solutions that serve the needs of a broader range of doctors and patients in the dental market. Moreover, I'm proud to say that in a recent clinical study, the iTero Element 5D Intraoral Scanner was found to be more sensitive than bitewing radiology. in detecting early enamel lesions, providing further evidence of the benefits of iTero 5D Scanner in detection and monitoring of interproximal caries lesions or cavities above the gingiva, without exposing patients to harmful ionizing radiation.  This is great news for our iTero business, as a study further supports the diagnostic ability of Near-Infrared imaging technology offered by the iTero 5D Scanner for early proximal caries detection. The findings also underscore the valuable role that NIRI technology can have in dental health assessment and early detection of cavities, which is important to the overall oral healthcare treatment options. And a comfortable, safe experience for a broad population of patients. A strong indicator of the digital acceleration with dental offices is a number of intraoral digital scans used for Invisalign case submissions. Total worldwide intraoral digital scans used to start an Invisalign case in Q3 increased 84.2% from 78.3% in Q3 last year. International intraoral digital scanners for Invisalign case submissions increased 79.3% up from 72.1% in the same last year. For the America's, 88% of cases were submitted using an intraoral digital scan compared to 83.2% a year ago.  Cumulatively, over 44.9 million orthodontics scans and 9.3 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners. Our Q3 systems and services revenues also includes Exocad, CAD CAM products and services. Exocad expertise -- expertise in restorative dentistry, implantology, guidance surgery and smile design, extends our digital -- our digital dental solutions and broadens Align digital platform towards fully integrated into disciplinary and workflows, we remained excited about our continued integration progress and product plans with Exocad. During the quarter, Exocad launched, chair-side CAD 3.0 Galloway.  The next-generation of Exocad, easy-to-use CAD software for single-visit dentistry. The software has improved automation for fast crown design enables users to integrate open hardware and material s of choice. Exocad, chair-side CAD received 2021 seller best-of-class technology award for the third consecutive year. Also during the quarter, Exocad has its largest ever presence at IDS, International Dental Show, where they showcased their seamless digital workflows, and the simplicity of the use of Exocad Galway software release. Exocad was the only Company at IDS to showcase live patient treatment with a smile creator experience station, featuring iTero scans, instant smile makeovers, and production of clip on smiles. With that, I will now turn it over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q3 financial results. Total revenues for the third quarter were $1.016 billion, up 0.5% from the prior quarter and up 38.4% from the corresponding quarter a year-ago. For Clear Aligners, Q3 revenues $837.6 million were down 0.4% sequentially, and up 34.9% year-over-year, reflecting Invisalign volume growth across all geographies. In Q3, we shipped 655,100 Invisalign cases, a decrease of 1.6% sequentially with an increase of 32.1% year-over-year. In addition, we shipped to a record 85,500 Invisalign doctors worldwide, of which approximately 7200 were first-time customers.  Q3 Clear Aligner revenues reflect strong growth across the Invisalign portfolio, led by comprehensive products. Q3 comprehensive volume increased 1.3% sequentially, and 30.3% year-over-year. And Q3 non-comprehensive volume decreased 8.1% sequentially, and increased 36.8% year-over-year. Q3 adult patients decreased 7.3% sequentially, and increased 34.7% year-over-year. In Q3, teens or younger patients increased 13.8% sequentially and 26.6% year-over-year. Clear Aligner revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $1.5 million or approximately 0.2 points sequentially. On a year-over-year basis. Clear Aligner revenues were favorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $16.1 million or approximately 2.6 points. For Q3 Invisalign comprehensive ASPs increased sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Invisalign comprehensive ASPs reflect higher additional aligners. On a year-over-year basis, comprehensive ASPs reflect favorable foreign exchange, partially offset by the increase in net revenue deferrals for new Invisalign cases versus additional Aligner shipments. Q3 Invisalign non-comprehensive ASPs increased sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Invisalign non-comprehensive ASPs reflect higher additional Aligners, partially offset by higher discounts. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign non-comprehensive ASPs were favorably impacted by foreign exchange, higher additional Aligners, and lower discounts. Clear Aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet increased $84 million or 9.3% sequentially, and $347.3 million or 53.9% year-over-year, and will be recognized as the additional Aligners are shipped. Our Systems and Services revenues for the third quarter were a record $178.3 million, up 5% sequentially, and up 57.3% year-over-year. This marks the fifth quarter in a row of sequential revenue increase. The increase sequentially can be attributed to increased scanner shipments, and increased services revenues from our larger installed base. The increase year-over-year can be attributed to increased scanner shipments, increased service revenues from our larger installed base, as well as higher ASPs from a favorable mix shift towards higher price iTero 5D scanners and imaging systems.  Our systems and services deferred revenue on the balance sheet was up $27.2 million or 17% sequentially, and up $100.1 million or a 115.2% year-over-year, primarily due to the increase in scanner sales and deferral of services revenue, which we recognized ratably over the service period. Moving on to gross margin. Third quarter overall gross margin was 74.3% down 0.7 points sequentially, and up 1.6 points year-over-year. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation and amortization of intangibles related to our 2020 Exocad acquisition, overall gross margin was 74.7% for the third quarter, down 0.7 points sequentially, and up 1.4 points year-over-year. Overall, gross margin was favorably impacted by approximately 0.5 points on a year-over-year basis, due to foreign exchange and relatively unchanged sequentially. Clear Aligner gross margin for the third quarter was 76.2%, down 0.7 points sequentially due to higher manufacturing costs, and higher additional Aligners, partially offset by higher ASPs and lower freight. Clear Aligner gross margin was up 1.5 points year-over-year due to improved manufacturing efficiencies from higher production volume, partially offset by higher ASPs.  Systems and services gross margin for the third quarter was 65.6% down 0.3 sequentially, primarily due to lower ASPs and higher manufacturing variances, partially offset by higher service revenue. Systems and services gross margin was up 3.6 points year-over-year due to higher ASPs from product mix shift to iTero 5D and 5D Plus series and service revenues, partially offset by higher freight costs. Q3 operating expenses were $494 million up sequentially, 0.9% and up 38.4% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were up slightly by $4.4 million. Year-over-year, operating expenses increased by $137 million, reflecting increased headcount in our continued investment in marketing, sales, and R$D activities. and invents -- investments commensurate with business growth. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation, and amortization of intangibles and acquisition costs related to our 2020 Exocad acquisition, operating expenses were $466.1 million up sequentially 1% and up 40.3% year-over-year due to the reasons described earlier.  Our third quarter operating income of $261.1 million resulted in an operating margin of 25.7%, down 0.9 points from the prior quarter, and up 1.6 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating margin was attributable primarily to lower gross margin. The year-over-year increase in operating margin was primarily attributed to higher gross margin and operating leverage, as well as the favorable impact from foreign exchange by approximately 0.7 points, partially offset by continued investment as mentioned earlier. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and amortization of intangibles and acquisition-related costs, the operating margin for the third quarter was 28.8%, down 0.9 points sequentially, and up 0.8 points year-over-year. Interest and other income and expense, net for the third quarter was a gain of $0.8 million up sequentially by 0.9 million and down year-over-year by $6.6 million.  On a year-over-year basis, interest and other income and expense decreased primarily due to net foreign exchange losses in the 3 months ended September 30th, 2021, as compared to net foreign exchange gains in the same period in 2020, which was partially offset by an unrealized gain and an investment held in a private Company recognized in the three months ended September 30th 2021. The GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter was 30.9%, compared to 25.7% in the second quarter, and 24.5% in the third quarter of the prior year. On an non-GAAP -- our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 22.2% in the third quarter, compared to 19.5% in the second quarter, and 16.6% in the third quarter of the prior year. The third quarter GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rates were higher than the second quarter, primarily due to our foreign income being taxed at different rates and tax true-ups. Our GAAP and non-GAAP third quarter effective tax rates were higher than the third quarter of the prior year, primarily due to lower tax benefits from foreign income tax at lower rates and a tax benefit recognized last year resulting from an income tax audit settlement.  Third quarter net income per diluted share was $2.28, down sequentially $0.23 and up $0.52 compared to the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.87 for the third quarter, down $0.17 sequentially and up $0.62 year-over-year. Moving onto the balance sheet. As of September 30th, 2021, cash and cash equivalents were $1.2 billion, up sequentially $151.5 million, and up $622.3 million year-over-year. Of our 1.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents, $607.5 million was held in the U.S., and $630.3 million was held by our international entities. Q3 accounts receivable balance was $855 million, up approximately 5.8% sequentially, our overall days sales outstanding was 75 days, up approximately three days sequentially, and down approximately two days as compared to Q3 last year. Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $355 million. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $124.3 million. As we continue to invest in increased in the liner capacity and facilities. Free cash flow defined as cash flow from operations, less capital expenditures amounted to $230.7 million. We also have $300 million available under our untapped revolving line of credit. Under our $1 billion repurchase program announced in May of 2021, we have $825 million remaining available for repurchase of our common stock. Now let me turn to our outlook and the factors that inform our view for the remainder of the year. We're very pleased with our Q3 results and strong year-over-year growth, which reflects continued customer adoption of the iTero scanners and increased Invisalign utilization across customer channels, including teens, adults, and young patients. Over the last 18 months, our investment decisions have helped drive and capture demand across all regions and customer channels. We continued spending in many areas, and have seen good return on our investments and strong revenue growth. Consumer interest in improving smiles is high, and doctor acceptance into Align Digital Platform is helping drive growth across all regions and market segments. As anticipated in our Q3 outlook, we experienced more pronounced summer seasonality, more noticeably in September and continued into October as practices took more extended vacations, and patient traffic low was sporadically interrupted by regional COVID resurgence, restrictions, and other lockdowns. We anticipate these COVID challenges and the general macroeconomic uncertainties to continue into Q4.  Taking this all into account, as we look at the remainder of 2021, we expect revenues for the year to be in the range of $3.9 billion to $3.95 billion, at the high end of our original guidance range. We also expect our outlook in revenue growth for the second half of 2021 to be in the high end of our long-term operating model of 20% to 30%. On a GAAP basis, we anticipate our 2021 operating margin to be around 25%. On a non-GAAP basis, we expect 2021 operating margin to be approximately 3 points higher than our GAAP operating margin, after excluding stock-based compensation and intangible amortization from our 2020 Exocad acquisition. We remain confident in the huge market opportunities for our business, our industry leadership, and our ability to execute. We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, innovation, and manufacturing capacity to drive our growth and accelerate adoption in a huge under-penetrated market. In addition, during Q4 2021, we expect to repurchase up to $100 million of our common stock through either a combination of open market repurchases or an accelerated stock repurchase agreement.  For 2021 we expect our investments in capital expenditures to be above $400 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building construction improvements, as well as additional manufacturing capacity to support our international expansion. This includes our planned investment in our new work -- our new facility in Wroclaw, Poland, the first in the EMEA region. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John. Summary, Q3 was a strong quarter and we're pleased with our performance across the business. Align is uniquely positioned. We have a clinical capability and product portfolio supported by doctor and patient workflows only accessible through the proprietary Align Digital Platform, to address the broadest range of orthodontic cases with the Invisalign system through a network of trained Invisalign doctors who had the expertise to reach more than the 500 million potential global patients.  As we develop our annual plan for 2022 over the next few months, it's important that we continue to expand our commercial manufacturing, R&D clinical treatment planning and manufacturing operations, and continue to leverage our global quality and regulatory muscles in existing and emerging markets. Which millions of consumers who want to transform their smile with the most advanced Clear Aligner systems in the world.  Through advertising, PR, digital, social media, and influencer marketing to drive demand and conversion through Invisalign trained doctors. Increased ortho adoption and team utilization of Invisalign treatment, and train and educate GP Dentist on how the iTero Element family of inter-oral scanners in imaging systems propel today's dental practice into the future by enhancing patient experience and elevating clinical precision, and in the benefits of digital dentistry with the Invisalign system, trusted by more than 11 million people worldwide to improve their smiles. Remained focused on strategic execution, accountability, agility, customer service excellence, and continuing to make investments to grow our business. This is a multi-variable equation that we continue to talk about, and that in combination where we remain uniquely able to offer. As we continue to stay the course with our strategic initiatives, we also continue to navigate the COVID-19 environment and the challenges and uncertainty that go with it. Throughout the pandemic, our top priority has been consistent. The health and safety of our employees and their families, doctors and their staff. And that has not changed. The situation with COVID remains very fluid, and with the rise of the Delta variant, many cities, states, and countries have issued or planned to issue new guidance, including mass requirements, regular testing, capacity limits, and vaccination mandates.  Operating in this evolving environment is challenging for everyone, and we're staying as close as we can to the situation. The shift from traditional analog wires and brackets to a fully end-to-end digital platform is not easy and cannot be done without very complex and industry-leading technology, and talented passionate people. But the digital transformation in orthodontics is inevitable. Our technology is prevalent, touching every aspect of what we do from manufacturing excellence, where we currently produce over 750,000 unique Aligners a day, to expanding our geographic footprint to over a 100 markets, to building a network of over 210,000 trained Invisalign doctors, and providing a technology to our doctors and a complete digital system, the Align Digital Platform. As the inventor of the leading Clear Aligner system, we've been investing in this therapy for over 24 years to get it to where it is today, and yet the majority of the market opportunity remains largely untapped. with over 500 million potential cases starts globally. Align is in a rare position to address this market with the Align Digital Platform, powered by two decades of research and development, manufacturing excellence clinical data based on more than 11 million patients, with AI machine learning and digital tools to help our doctors efficiently communicate with our patients, show and explain any issues and visualize potential treatment options.  And together with doctors, we're going to unleash the power of digital for dentistry in orthodontics more than ever. Thank you for your time today. I look forward to speaking with you on Friday at our Investor Day where we'll share more details on the Align Digital Platform and our vision and strategy to make Clear Aligner treatment available to everyone through doctors. Now I will turn the call over to our operator for your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions]. We ask that you please limit to 1 question and 1 follow-up. [Operator instructions]. For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys. One moment please while we pull for questions. Our first question comes from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Rich: Hi, good afternoon. Hey, Joe. Joe and John, you highlighted the seasonal softness in September and that extended into October. I wonder if you could maybe just provide a little bit more detail on what you've seen in October so far, maybe how that compared to September. And then as we've seen the latest COVID case spikes subside in recent weeks, have you seen -- the patient traffic flow that you mentioned, has that started to pick up as COVID cases have ticked down?
John Morici: Yes. Hi, Nate. This is John. As we said, the extended seasonality continued into September and October. And then some of the COVID uncertainty still remains. And some places more back to normal than others, and -- but that uncertainty remains. Taking all that together, our forecast reflects that. So the total year -- the remaining for total year reflects everything that we've seen to this date.
Nathan Rich: Okay. That's fair, I guess. Joe, maybe a follow-up. I mean, you've continued to have confidence in that 20% to 30% long-term range. Maybe we'll hear more on Friday at the Analyst Day. But do you have an initial view on growth for next year, and do you feel like once this period of more pronounced seasonality is behind you, we get back to a more normalized trajectory for the business as we head into next year. Thanks for the questions.
Joseph Hogan: Well, Nathan we are growing at a pretty good pace right now. So it's actually above our long-term growth model, which is 20% to 30%. And as we move into 2022, we'll retain that 20% revenue growth target, and we're happy to discuss it more in detail on Friday.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Nathan. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from John Block with Stifle. please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Block: Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. John, I just might follow in Nathan's path, but let me take a different approach. The new rev range that you gave for this year, you clearly brought it up a little bit, it seems to imply a bit over a billion dollars for the fourth quarter. If I assume the scanner up sequentially from the 178, and 55 million - ish give or take in non-case revenue. And it looks like case volume is expected to be flat to maybe even down low-to-mid-single-digits sequentially. So a couple of things there, is that the right way to think about things specific to case volumes? And if so, I know you touched on this a little bit, but why sort of the different trend line versus prior to COVID, if you would, where that was more up mid-single-digit plus?
John Morici: Yeah, Jon. I think when you look at prior years with COVID not in the mix, things were maybe more seasonal. And you could see some of the standard patterns from let's say a Q3 to Q4, given COVID and given some of the uncertainties that you have. And certain economies and how they are responding and opening up, Things don't always apply to mainly what's happened in the past. So that guidance that we gave is a reflection of what we've seen.
Jonathan Block: Okay. Got it. And Joe, just a follow-up, we keep on hearing about the iOS changed from Apple on privacy and you guys have such a broad reach in terms of marketing. But I am curious if you're seeing any impact? Is it impacting leads? Yes or no, and if so, could that actually continue into 2022? We'd love your feedback there. Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: John, it's a good question we've seen an impact on it. The thing is a lot of other media you can -- you can pivot to in order to find those patients. So have we seen it and have we had to do a certain amount of pivot to do that? Yes. But you know as far as our marketing efforts, I wouldn't discount them in any way in this sense of that change being material in some sense in the near future.
Jonathan Block: Fair enough. See you on Friday.
Joseph Hogan: [Indiscernible]
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John Kreger: Hey, guys. Thanks. I'm curious now that you've exited another typical teen season what penetration do you think Invisalign has of total teens starts at this point?
Joseph Hogan: Well, I mean globally -- hey John, it's Joe. Globally, it's less than 5%. When you look at -- we'll show on Friday exactly what we think that is. In United States, I think our current number is the mid-teens. Yes. John, I think that too. We have so far to go, right. This is a superior treatment, like I said in our script, we can do 90% of the orthodontic cases that are out there. It's just us continuing to work really closely with the orthodontist, and advertise to consumers to explain the benefits of digital orthodontics and move this forward. But like I said, this is inevitable. Digital is better. We know it's better. We've made it better. It's more comprehensive than it was before, it's faster, less invasive. I could go on all day. And that's what drives this Company, that's our purpose. We know we'll hit it. It's just -- there's just a lot of work to get from here to there.
John Kreger: Thanks.That was Joe, that was my follow-up. As you talk to your power users or maybe people that are just getting started. You've made the product better. You made the software better. What do you think is the key point of friction at this point to get that adoption rate up where I think most of us on this call assume it can get to longer-term?
Joseph Hogan: But John, I think it's the classic early adopter syndrome. The doctors who use our product almost exclusively 100% can't imagine not using our product line. But they're early adopters in the classical sense. There's 2 things; 1, there's the clinical confidence people, people that are out there that we have to convince. It's much easier that it is today than it was five years ago. Given products like first giving products like [Indiscernible] those kind of things that extend it. And then the predictability of our products.  Secondly, it's the business equation inside the orthodontic practices that they're convinced they can actually keep up the margins and the growth capability they have for their practices, we understand that. And that's why we have programs like adapt that we put together, John, that orthodontist who want to engage with us we can show them how to really operate in a digital environment and actually exceed from a margin standpoint, and growth standpoint.
John Kreger: Sounds good. Thank you.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. Thanks, John.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Bednar: Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on the record quarter here.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks Jason.
Jason Bednar: A couple of questions from our side. One big picture. First for you, Joe. One of the key drivers of growth, the past year has been really the adult category outpacing that of teens. It really seemed like heading into this quarter could be the proof-point quarter and whether that growth would flip back to teen, but adult was again stronger than teens here. It seems like some good staying power. So I guess Joe, how do you think about these -- how these 2 segments play out from Here, both obviously have a ton of growth potential, but as the business for Align shifted to where we should be thinking about adult growth, outpacing that of teens. As we look forward to the coming quarters and years?
Joseph Hogan: Yes. Jason, it's a good question, but I think it's -- and you'll hear a lot about it this Friday, is the demand equation on this business is incredible, right. The 500 million patients we've talked about, they'll primarily be serviced at the general dentistry area, and then the over 20 million, that's on the -- in the orthodontics side. That mean -- that's -- you look at that. It's a wide open marketplace. Adults have done well, teens will do well. I just think you have to have them both go up. And remember their dealer from different basis in the sense of, traditionally, 75% of our cases have been adults and 25% teens, so there is a large number on the adult side, but the growth potential is amazing. And we'll just going to go after both ends of that equation as aggressively as we can.
Jason Bednar: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. I look forward to more on Friday then. And then maybe some more of a real-time look and also following up on Nate's question there to start out, but asking also a different way. Maybe wonder if you could talk about how utilization trends have gone here month-to-month on a regional basis, September, October, and then maybe based on the treatment plans and missions, other measures of your funnel. What does the utilization look like as we shift from October and November? Thanks.
John Morici: Yes, Jason, this is John. We've seen some improvements in utilization and it's a reflection of kind of coming out of that seasonality piece of what we've talked about and kind of navigating through COVID. But we've been happy with the utilization that we've seen as of late.
Jason Bednar: All right. Thanks so much.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Hogan: Hi, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. I had a question on the gross margin line. I think you guys talked about how you're seeing maybe slightly higher manufacturing costs in Clear Aligners and then lower freight and higher freight in iTero that has other -- the higher freight costs there. So I was just wondering, as we think about some of the global supply chain issues that we've been reading about and hearing about from other companies, if you could just elaborate a little bit on what you're seeing in both of those areas. Thanks.
John Morici: Hi, Elizabeth. This is John. I can take that. I think when you look at our overall gross margin, broadly impacted as we've talked about. Additional liners, as we now have ramped up and we've seen those cases from the last several quarters as doctors make refinements and get patiently in to make refinements to the care. We see an improvement there in ASPs, but there's some offset in gross margin.  But broadly, when we look at some of the inflationary [Indiscernible] and so on, we have long term contracts, we have got a supply chain where we're driving a lot of productivity and efficiencies through. So, we feel we're pretty well balanced as we see some of these inflationary headwinds, not that it's not a challenge out there for everybody, but we feel that between the contracts we have and the efficiencies we can drive, we balance it.
Elizabeth Anderson: That's really helpful and maybe I saw that in your outlook, you're obviously talking about around a $100 million in share repurchases in the fourth quarter. But your cash balance is moving up nicely and I was wondering if you could comment on what you see sort of how preferred level of cash balance and if there's any potential for acceleration on the share repurchase line or, things that we should consider in thinking that should be a little bit higher than where it's been traditionally.
John Morici: Yeah, I think when you look at -- I'm balanced, Elizabet, we're very pleased with the cash generation, almost 900 million of CFOA, 3 quarters of the year. It's phenomenal cash. A lot going back into the business to grow our business, make investments in some of the operating expenditures to grow our business, continue to make investments in capacity and adding capacity, getting closer to our customers. And then as we've said with our cash, we'll give back to shareholders through repurchase. So we're very happy with how things have progressed. We don't have a magical number in terms of how much cash we should have, but all things in balance. We feel like we're executing to our strategy.
Elizabeth Anderson: Perfect, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird, please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Joe, I wanted to start maybe on system and services, or maybe John this is for you, but where are at, as what portion of that revenue is the recurring services' side as opposed to system sales? And in 4Q, we're still hearing about a decent amount of PPP money floating around. Obviously, you've got the incremental launch coming in China and that of 5D. Should we think of 4Q being a better system quarter sequentially again, just with seasonality there?
John Morici: Yeah, Jeff, this is John. We've been very pleased with our sequential improvements that we've seen in the systems and services -- in scanner services business. When we look at five quarters in a row of kind of really helping us lead the recovery out of COVID. And a lot of investments that doctors are making -- our doctors are making in the Digital Platform, there's an excellent reflection of that, we have a lot of new doctors that started Invisalign this quarter with us and many of them start with getting an iTero and being able to utilize that within their practice. So we feel very good about the scanner and services business. About a third of that business is services. So that's the reoccurring. And as we improve and have more of an installed base, that just grows that business. So you got a very big and growing installed base coupled with great products that are really driving that adoption. And especially among newer doctors coming in, they're coming in with that scanner to really incorporate that digital technology into their practice.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yeah. Understood. And then Joe, maybe bigger picture question just on the return in the chair and what docs are seeing for Clear Aligner and this a line of specialty relative to braces. But we've talked more and more docs just even over the last maybe few months who seem to be really spacing those follow-up visits in Invisalign out to 3 or even 4 months. It's cutting the chair time even in half relative to pre - COVID levels and well below braces.  Are you seeing the same thing? I know virtual is helping that a little bit. I think some docs even doing it without virtual, just given their confidence and outcomes. But how much is that driving the argument in that secular push into Clear Aligner, especially with staffing issues that maybe you guys are hearing about at some of the offices, things like that?
Joseph Hogan: Yeah, Jeff, that's one of the key ingredients, is the productivity of a doctor's time and the productivity of the real estate within that office. And in digital kind of situation, you can remote monitor like you do on Virtual Care, some other products that are out there and doctors are taking advantage of that. But also there's a lot of confidence doctors have too if their patients are using the Aligners they will bring them back every so often and take a look to that. That's a big part of it. Secondly, Jeff, is it -- you can actually work with less labor content, and less doctor content and people in the office.  And also size of the office too. You see a whole lot of orthodontists understanding that, and really embracing it. There's a whole referral aspect to Invisalign, is once a patient has an experience with Invisalign, they are often ready to refer another patient to that doctor much more so than wires and brackets. And they said they benefit from that because they see an increase in their sales too. And we see that constantly and adapt and we focus on that, and can actually predict it to a certain extent of time. So I hope I'm answering your question, Jeff, but that is the whole idea of Digital. And then we keep talking about our Align Digital capability, and being able to service a doctor through iTero, being -- having Virtual Care on both ends, and having the kind of capability and horsepower that we can provide with our algorithms in the extent of our clinical capability, is just -- it gives us a huge amount of breadth and capability at orthodontist.
Jeffrey Johnson: Sure. I understood. Thanks, guys.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks [Indiscernible]
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jeffrey's, please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks.Good afternoon. I actually want to switch gears, you talked quite a bit about the non-case business and the retainer business. Can you help us understand why your share has historically lagged there? Maybe a sense of what your capture rate is today in terms of the cases that also have a follow-on retainer. And how would you frame the revenue opportunity from these newer initiatives?
Joseph Hogan: Brian, it's a good -- it's why we highlighted it and it's obviously why we've put money into this thing and our focus on it over the last years. There's certain things in this business that we all know, but there's so many things to do and focus on it. Sometimes something it's so obvious like that, lacks the attention that you want to give to it. And we've been talking about this over time. So, beginning of this year, put a team together to really go after those things. It's hard to say the reason why. It's just we haven't been as focused on retention as we need to be. And many orthodontists, they make their own retainers.  They do it because we just haven't been competitive in the sense of how we can deliver, how fast we can deliver, how easy we make it for them. But I guarantee you if you go out Brandon and you query even orthodontist that seldom use our retainers, they'll tell you we make the best retainers in the world. And we should when we make a 750,000 unique parts a day, right? We know what we're doing. The fits are exquisite. When you have an iTero scanner, it'd be able to do that. And we've set this thing up as a play for doctors that they can feel confident that we'll get these retailers to them in a quick amount of time. They're going to be terrific retainers, something they are proud to really get to their patients. And we've had great feedback on this so far. So I can't apologize for the past or give you the whole history why we haven't done it, but I feel really good about the progress we've made so far.
Brandon Couillard: Fine. And then just a question on scanner business. I mean, pretty remarkable strength for a while now. Can you just help us understand where the sources of this momentum, and is the NIRI study the type of data set that can move the needle with GP that?yield loss? can talk about clinical studies, especially within?Joel's? beginners, but just trying to get a sense of how significant you'll be able to go in and have this data there might be for a GP that doesn't use digital impressioning today, or might be on the fence.
Joseph Hogan: Yeah. I think NIRI really helps. I really do. It's one of those -- you know in electronics we all know there's killer apps, right? Killer applications. When you can see?carriers?, cavities, right? We use the clinical term, but when you can see cavities without ionizing radiation and Brand of what's amazing when you see this to what happens is the enamel almost becomes invisible, it's almost translucent. You can see through the enamel right to where the carriers is. And there's certain amount of training that has to be done in order to do it and -- look, I grew up in ionizing radiation business.  I know what it is and CT and x-ray and it's that radiation component is better today than it used to be, but it's still exist and patients are still concerned with it over time and to be able to do this in a sense, in a safe way, and as a quick way like we do it. You know what it is to put bitewings in a chair. I mean, it's terrible in a dentist chair, right. Bite down, turn your head sideways. I could go through it all day. And this is a quick scan, one minute scan. minute and a half scan. It pops up on the screen. You can have a conversation with a patient, say there it is, what he deals with. So yes, I think it's a killer application. We'll convince all GPs to buy iTero, no. But then you have to look at Exocad, that critical workflow between labs and GPs really sets us up nicely for restorative pieces. Soon to announce [Indiscernible] architect, which really allows doctors to use restored of Orthodontics as a standard of care, we'll talk about that more Friday. Look, I'm biased. I've been in the -- I'd say the medical imaging equipment business for 15 years of my life count, and iTero, this is the best scanner in the marketplace. And we're just out to show it and to prove it.
Brandon Couillard: Thank you.
Joseph Hogan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Cooley with Stephens, please proceed with your question.
Chris Cooley: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the questions. Congratulations on the record quarter.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Chris.
Chris Cooley: Just from me as we all start looking forward to upcoming event here this Friday, and Saturday maybe a bigger picture question. As we think about the business you've made significant investments in technology, not only pioneering the category, but expanding its indications for use. You subsequently invested in chair-side, really facilitating the diagnostic aspect. And as the businesses now kind of inflecting here, two straight quarters of a billion dollars plus, do we think about the next stage of investment really kind of going back to a prior question being tools that enable or enhance the productivity of the clinician or patient flow. more to marketing at the consumer and clinical level? I'm just thinking about how the business now pivots for that next stage of continued growth at this greater scale. And I have just one quick follow-up after that, if I may.
Joseph Hogan: Chris, it's really good question, because obviously as we're going through our AOP for next year and putting those things together. But when you say pivot.I wouldn't use the word pivot. I'd say that we extend to what we're doing. And then we place bets accordingly and where we think we'll get the best return. We -- I got to continue advertising. We have a superior system. We have a wonderful brand. We have to leverage that piece. But specifically, and this goes to last questions we had too, doctor productivity is a big deal.  And when you look at our Align Digital Platform, inherently that's what it's about. It's how do you make doctors more productive to make sure that we don't go back and forth with 8 clean checks, or how do we make sure that from our standpoint that we can respond quickly to customer issues. And we're investing heavily in all those things and making good progress. It's expensive, the lot of things that you have to do when you really grounded in software and making those changes. We have really great talent here that knows how to do that. We've been actually working the productivity of clean checking those things for 3 to 4 years. And it's just starting to bring technology to the marketplace. So you're right. We're not pivoting toward that. We've been investing in it, but you'll see the combination of that more and more as we enter next year in the second half of next year too. John, anything to add?
John Morici: No. I think that's the investments that we continue to make. It's about productivity. It's about growing in this Digital orthodontics, and our doctors expected and our tools will provide that.
Chris Cooley: That's great. And if I could just squeeze in a quick follow-on, just want to make sure, doesn't look out of proportion, but I just want to make sure we didn't miss something there on the deferred piece in the quarter, I think was approximately 84 million. Anything just COVID-related that we should be mindful of there is that just normal course of business when we look at the deferred revenue component for the 3Q. Thanks so much for wrapping the quarter.
John Morici: Thanks, Chris.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Chris.
John Morici: It's completely normal course of business, nothing COVID related within there, just deferred revenue that we'll recognize in future periods.
Chris Cooley: Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ryskin : All right. Thanks for taking the question, guys. Couple of quick ones from me, but I'll try to tie them together into one. On the scanners and service revenue, I've noted that your digitally submitted cases continues to grind higher, pretty close to hitting 90%, maybe in a year or 2. I am just wondering as you continue to play iTero into the field, How often are you surplacing a second or third unit, versus getting a new one out there, versus a competitor placement where you're displacing someone else potentially. And then as a follow-on to that, sort of building off of I think Elizabeth question earlier on the supply chain. Any specific to semis that we should be thinking about, this is the question that's come up a lot some of other names, and want to make sure we tie that off as far as it relates to scanners. Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: Hey, Mike. From a scanner standpoint is -- obviously we have a great scanner, and I think your question asked more about saturation, more than anything. Our feeling is you got 2 million dentists out there and orthodontist. And each of them actually, if you're going to run a digital practice, you need more than one scanner, you need a scanner per chair. You think, let's just say the average doctor has three chairs and there's 2 million doctors out there, we're just touching this thing. We got a 50 thousand unit installed base. And obviously this is a growth equation. It's not one where we're looking to playing out in some time, and obviously it's a portfolio insurance over time, because the technology moves fast too. So, it creates some of its own demand through our solar system. John, I'm done.
John Morici: And from a supply standpoint, obviously, we're mindful of concerns and things that go on from a global supply chain. But we feel comfortable that between the inventory we have and some of the things that we've been able to do that we can manage to, in a supply chain concerns that are out there.
Michael Ryskin : All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Devin Misra with Birenberg, please proceed with your question.
Doug: Hey Devin, Doug here for Ravi from Berenberg. Thanks for taking my question. I want to revisit the marketing side. I think you guys have been ramping up marketing spending and there was a long list of things with very large percentage increases noted earlier. Where are you seeing a higher ROI in regards to marketing? Are there any specific regions? And then also just going back to a question on growth of teens versus adults, if we look at the marketing spend on things that you noted, it seems like a focus is on the teen side, which is indicative that that's where you see more growth and stronger returns. So any color around that and then I have a quick follow-up.
Joseph Hogan: First of all, from a marketing spend standpoint, we really do understand by region our return on investment and what we get. I'm not going to share that over the phone but we're very aware of that and what it is. We also -- when you asked about the teen advertisements, there's a seasonality for teams around the world too. So you'll see like in the quarter we just came out of and the second quarter we were going into, that's teen season.  It's big in China, big in the States. And so you'll see a larger part of our advertising budget go towards that in order to capture that demand. This is part of how we go-to-market. We have a great brand. That brand needs to be enhanced with patients and we want those patients go into doctors asking for Invisalign. We have some very good capability here from a marketing standpoint to exercise that. John?
John Morici: And what we've learned over time is, we're -- it's not one size fits all across all the markets. You're trying to maximize return on investment and in certain markets you are doing things that are different than others. Maybe more established markets, you try something different. Maybe other markets that we have where we can advertise. we try different things. But I think the key is we understand what levers to pull.  We've learned a lot over the last several years. We're very excited about these opportunities. And as Joe said, we have the best brand -- best global brand out there, and we want to be able to reach those potential patients in the way that they are living their lives. That's the philosophy that we have, and we talked a lot about that front-end at top of the funnel metrics, and we're very excited about what we're seeing as we've gone due to the last several quarters.
Doug: Okay, great. And then kind of following up on that direct-to-consumer focus question early on, there was launch of that team -- of teeth whitening solution and hopefully they would go to their Align shops that be litigation with the SCE. it's a focus point there. As we envision where the direct-to-consumer side of Align business goes, how does that teeth whitening solution, and -- how does that fit in? I'm trying to see -- it seems like there's a big push to a dredge consumer with the -- with that side coming up. So any color on that would be helpful.
Joseph Hogan: Well, if your question implies a direct-to-consumer kind of a mode, that's not us, it's not what we do. It's not what -- but you know, we obviously have an e-commerce site. We have a great brand called Invisalign. Patients ask us all the time for whitening, cleansers, chewys, things associated with it. And what is exercising that capability? It's one with the whitening standpoint, we probably should have been more aggressive on before. But again, it's one of those things that we decided to focus on recently. And we're getting great feedback from the doctors in doing that. It only makes sense. It's classic brand extension, and we're going to leverage that and use Align brand as well as we can.
Doug: Great, thanks.
Joseph Hogan: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Shirley Stacy for closing comments.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, Operator. And thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. We look forward to speaking to you again on Friday at the Align 2021 Investor Day, in conjunction with our GP Growth Summit here in Las Vegas. If you have any future questions, please contact Investor Relations. And thank you for your time and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 18:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Align Technology, Inc. Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued second quarter 2021 financial results today via Globe Newswire, which is available on our Web site at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our Web site for approximately one month. A telephone replay will be available by approximately 5.30 PM Eastern Time through 5.30 PM Eastern Time on August 11. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13720779 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available on our Web site and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our second quarter 2021 conference call slides on our Web site under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the second quarter, then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, Systems and Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. I'm pleased to report our first $1 billion revenue quarter with record volumes reflecting continued momentum from both Clear Aligners and Systems and Services. For Q2, Systems and Services revenues reflect strong growth across all regions and the strategic value of the iTero business with continued adoption of the iTero Element 5D Plus Series of next-generation scanners and imaging systems which launched in February. Increasingly, doctors are seeing the strategic impact and value of iTero scanners in their practices. In addition to its role in Invisalign case submissions, it is a true workhorse and digital enabler in every type of practice and across every type of orthodontic and restorative workflow. Q2 sequential Clear Aligner volumes were primarily driven by strength in both adult and teen market segments and across customer channels and regions, especially from the Americas and EMEA regions, reflecting the expanding opportunity for Invisalign treatment among adults globally, as well as the underlying orthodontic market as we continue to build awareness of the Invisalign brand and drive utilization among teens and younger patients. For Q2 '21, Invisalign Clear Aligner volumes for teens were up 9.5% sequentially and 156% year-over-year to 181,000 teens, representing one-third of total cases shipped, with strong growth from North America and EMEA orthodontists. During the quarter, we hosted several team-focused, peer-to-peer events designed to build clinical competence in teen treatment and highlight the teen digital treatment journey with Invisalign treatment.  The recent APAC Virtual Symposium featured leading providers focusing on clinical excellence with teen treatment, and North America hosted the Invisalign Teen forum; Virtual Edition for Invisalign doctors bringing together clinical speakers, digital industry experts and teen patient panelists to share their insights.  In May, Align focused on the Align Digital Platform at the 2021 AAO annual session, featuring a dynamic virtual line-up of Invisalign doctors describing how they have grown their practices through adoption of digital technology. Our Q2 results also reflect the positive impact of our investments in consumer marketing, generating billions of impressions and 33% year-over-year increase in leads for Invisalign doctors. During the quarter, we launched the next phase of our Mom/Teen multi-touch campaign, as well as the new Invis is a Powerful Thing campaign designed to engage teens and young adults.  We also deepened our partnership with influencers like Charli D'Amelio with the first limited-edition aligner case as part of our new e-Commerce initiative featuring custom cases, cleaning and oral care products, as well as accessories like Invisalign Stickables, all of which are available on Invisalign.com.  These and other consumer initiatives are important in supporting doctors practices especially through the busy summer teen season and beyond. They also build on our investments in digital technology and innovation that are the foundation of the Align Digital Platform, including integrated digital workflows and virtual tools designed to improve clinical confidence, treatment efficiency, and patient outcomes. A year ago, we released Invisalign Virtual Appointment and Invisalign Virtual Care tools within our My Invisalign app, in response to the global pandemic to enable Invisalign doctors to provide continuity of care for their patients. Today, Invisalign Virtual Care is available globally in 60 markets and the My Invisalign app has been downloaded 1 million times with Invisalign patients worldwide.  It was recently recognized as the Best Virtual Care Platform by the MedTech Breakthrough Awards program and as Digital Innovation of the Year by Healthcare Asia Medtech Awards. As part of Invisalign Virtual Care, patients use My Invisalign app to stay engaged with their treatment and convey progress photos to their doctor, fostering two-way communication with their doctor throughout their Invisalign treatment journey. Now let's turn to the specifics around our second quarter results, starting with the Americas. For the Americas region, Q2 was another strong quarter with Invisalign case volumes up 11% sequentially and 261% year-over-year, reflecting growth across the region especially in the United States and Canada, from both comprehensive and non-comprehensive products, and increased Invisalign utilization from orthodontic and GP channels. DSO utilization continues to be a strong growth driver as well, led by Heartland and Smile Docs. For our international business, Q2 Invisalign case volume was up sequentially 12.7% on a year-over-year basis. International shipments were up 149%. For EMEA, Q2 volumes were up sequentially 17% and 265% year-over-year with broad-based growth across all markets, led by Iberia, UK, and Italy along with continued growth in our expansion markets.  In Q2, growth from both channels was strong, with orthodontic channel growth reflecting increased Invisalign utilization, and GP channel growth driven by increased Invisalign submitters. For Q2, EMEA growth also reflects adoption of the Invisalign First product, designed to treat a broad range of teeth straightening issues in growing children, from simple to complex, including crowding, spacing, and narrow dental arches.  Aiding in treatment engagement for those younger patients, Invisalign Stickables are innovative accessories designed exclusively for use with the patented SmartTrack material in Invisalign clear systems. Available in an array of designs, colors, shapes, and themes, Invisalign Stickables are a fun way for patients to show their personal style during Invisalign treatment. During the quarter, we also hosted a successful virtual edition of GP Growth Summit attended by over 1,200 doctors from the EMEA region. For APAC, Q2 volumes were up sequentially 4.8% and 50% on a year year-over-year basis, reflecting growth across the region, led by Japan, China and ANZ, despite new and extended COVID restrictions in several APAC markets. APAC performance reflects strength in GP Channel with increased Invisalign submitters, especially in Japan which continues to deliver strong growth. During the quarter, we hosted our China Forum, attended by over 1,500 doctors from private clinics, our APAC Virtual Symposium, attended by 1,400 doctors as well as the China Public Hospital Forum in June. Our consumer marketing is focused on educating consumers about the Invisalign system and driving that demand to Invisalign doctors offices, ultimately capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles. We have provided many of our key metrics that show increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand in our Q2 quarterly presentation slides available on aligntech.com. In Q2, we launched the next generation of Invis Is multi-touch campaign driving reach and awareness with adult, mom and teen consumers yielding more than 200% growth in visitors globally to our Web sites and more than 82% increase in searches for an Invisalign trained doctor. Leading with the Invis is Not Your Parents Braces campaign, we connected with teens, utilizing digital media such as YouTube, Twitch, and social media. We also continued with our Invisalign ChangeMakers program that celebrated and recognized teens driving change in their communities which was covered by multiple media outlets such as Elite Daily, Refinery29, Yahoo! Unwind, Hollywood Life, SheKnows, J-14, Yahoo Finance, Parents.com, Glamour and NewBeauty and generated more than 600 million impressions. In the EMEA region, our new marketing campaign to drive engagement, Invis is a powerful thing, went live in the UK, Germany, and France during the quarter resulting in more than 170% year-over-year increase in unique visitors and 136% year-over-year increase in doctor locater searches. We will continue to roll out the campaign to additional markets in the region during the third quarter. We continued to expand our consumer advertising in the APAC region in Australia, Japan, and China and saw more than an 800% increase in consumer engagement and a 55% year-over-year increase in leads. Lastly, we continue to build strong relationships with global search and social media giants like Google, Snapchat, and TikTok in order to further leverage our best-in-class consumer demand programs more effective globally. These partners recognize the power of the Invisalign brand and are helping us amplify and gain efficiencies from our investments. For our Systems and Services business, Q2 revenues were up 20% sequentially and up 214% year-over-year reflecting strong scanner shipments and services. This represents the fourth consecutive quarter of sequential revenue growth. The iTero Element 5D Plus Imaging System continues to gain traction across all regions with strong adoption with new customers in the APAC and EMEA regions and with existing customers in the Americas region. In APAC, the iTero Element 2 intraoral scanner did well during the quarter, helping to transform digital workflows and chairside consults for doctors. During the quarter, we announced a new iTero Workflow 2.0 software and previewed auto-upload functionality in the iTero Element 5D Imaging System. The iTero Workflow 2.0 software advanced features, including faster scanning, improved visualization, and enhanced patient communication tools, were rolled out regionally in all markets where the iTero Element Plus imaging systems were sold. The iTero Element 5D imaging system auto-upload feature will eliminate steps and streamline Invisalign case submissions with intraoral color scan images that can be used in place of traditional intraoral photos. The auto-upload functionality is scheduled for release during the third quarter of 2021. There is great symmetry between Systems and Services business with Clear Aligner business reflected in the positive correlation between the deployment of scanners and the increased utilization of Invisalign Clear Aligners. In terms of digital scans used for Invisalign case submissions, total digital scans in Q2 increased to 82.2% from 78.5% in Q2 last year. International scans increased to 76.2%, up from 72% in the same quarter last year. For the Americas, 86.6% of cases were submitted digitally compared to 86% a year ago. Cumulatively, over 40.1 million orthodontic scans and 8.4 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners. Im also pleased to share that Align received regulatory approval for the iTero 5D Plus series in Japan on July 1, with a formal launch event planned for August. Turning to exocad. During the quarter, exocad launched the Creator Center, the new exocad one-stop-shop for online and in-person educational events with a database consisting of 35 educational webinars showcasing the highlights and add-on features of exocads software solutions, DentalCAD Galway 3.0 and exoplan 3.0 Galway. More than 2,500 users and distributors have been trained on the new software releases worldwide. exocad also expanded their market coverage with a new global OEM partner, Ivoclar Vivadent, or we call IV, one of the largest manufacturers in the dental industry. This strategic collaboration will give exocad access to thousands of new IV users worldwide and will also provide exocad users with access to production processes with removable prosthetics in the future. Earlier this month, exocad has released PartialCAD 3.0 Galway, its module for removable partial denture frameworks, which has new and advanced features for the design of high quality partial dentures. This new release enhances digital CAD/CAM possibilities for exocad users and dental technicians by providing simpler design solutions for complex cases. PartialCAD 3.0 Galway provides both experts and new users with smooth, improved integration with DentalCAD, exocads leading software for dental laboratories. Bringing the iTero and exocad businesses together makes us more viable within the GP segment and more relevant in day-to-day comprehensive dentistry for our customers. The combination of Invisalign Clear Aligners and iTero scanners have long provided a seamless workflow for orthodontic treatment.  The integration of exocads expertise in restorative dentistry and implantology, guided surgery and smile design takes the Align technology portfolio beyond our established footprint in orthodontics to ortho-restorative and restorative treatment, and paves the way for new, cross-disciplinary workflows that span from visualization and treatment planning to lab production to chairside. exocad also broadens Aligns platform reach in digital dentistry with over 200 partners and more than 40,000 licenses installed worldwide. With that, Ill now turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Let me begin by reminding everyone that for Align and many companies, Q2 2020 was significantly impacted by COVID-19 business disruptions, and comparisons of our results for Q2 2021 should be considered accordingly. Now for our Q2 financial results. Total revenues for the second quarter were $1 billion, up 13% from the prior quarter and up 186.9% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. For Clear Aligners, Q2 revenues of $841 million were up 11.6% sequentially and up 181.9% year-over-year reflecting Invisalign volume growth in most geographies. In Q2, we shipped a record 665.6 thousand Invisalign cases, an increase of 11.7% sequentially and 200% year-over-year. In addition, we shipped a record 83.5 thousand Invisalign doctors worldwide, of which approximately 7.2 thousand were first-time customers. Q2 Clear Aligner revenues reflect strong growth across the Invisalign portfolio for both Comprehensive and non-Comprehensive products. Q2 Comprehensive volume increased 11.4% sequentially and 181.9% year-over-year. And Q2 non-Comprehensive volume increased 12.3% sequentially driven by strength in Invisalign Moderate and Invisalign Go and up 251.7% year-over-year.  Q2 adult patients increased 12.6% sequentially and 220.4% year-over-year. In Q2, teens or younger patients increased 9.5% sequentially and 156.3% year-over-year. Clear Aligner revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $3.4 million or approximately 0.5 points sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Clear Aligner revenues were favorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $36.7 million or approximately 12.3 points. For Q2, Invisalign Comprehensive ASPs decreased sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Invisalign Comprehensive ASPs reflect higher discounts, credits, and foreign exchange, partially offset by regional mix. On a year-over-year basis, Comprehensive ASPs reflect the increase in net revenue deferrals for new Invisalign cases versus additional aligner shipments partially offset by foreign exchange.  Recall Q2 2020 ASPs increased as a result of more additional aligner shipments as doctors were focused on maintaining treatment progress for existing Invisalign patients. This trend reversed itself after practices reopened in Q3 and demand for new cases ramped up significantly. Q2 Invisalign non-Comprehensive ASPs increased sequentially and were flat year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Invisalign non-Comprehensive ASPs reflect lower discounts partially offset by foreign exchange.  On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign non-Comprehensive ASPs were favorably impacted by foreign exchange offset by higher mix of new Invisalign cases versus additional aligner shipments. Clear aligner deferred revenues on the balance sheet increased $101 million sequentially and $337 million year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped.  Our System and Services revenues for the second quarter were a record $169.8 million, up 20% sequentially and up 214.7% year-over-year. The increase sequentially and year-over-year can be attributed to increased scanner shipments, higher ASP and increased services revenues from our larger installed base. Our Systems and Services deferred revenue on the balance sheet was up 22% sequentially and up 135% year-over-year, primarily due to the increase in scanner sales and the deferral of service revenues, which will be recognized ratably over the service period. Moving on to gross margin. Second quarter gross margin was 75%, down 0.6 points sequentially and up 11.4 points year-over-year. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation and amortization of intangibles related to our exocad acquisition, overall gross margin was 75.4% for the second quarter, down 0.7 points sequentially and up 11 points year-over-year. Overall gross margin was favorably impacted by approximately 1.1 points on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange and relatively unchanged sequentially. Clear Aligner gross margin for the second quarter was 76.9%, down 0.7 points sequentially due to higher freight costs and slightly lower ASPs. Clear Aligner gross margin was 12.4 points year-over-year due to increased manufacturing efficiencies from higher production volumes, partially offset by lower ASPs. Systems and Services gross margin for the second quarter was a record 65.9%, up 0.5 points sequentially primarily due to higher ASPs, partially offset by manufacturing variances and higher freight costs. Systems and Services gross margin was up 6.6 points year-over-year due to higher ASPs and services revenues, in addition to improved manufacturing efficiencies from higher production volumes, partially offset by higher freight costs. Q2 operating expenses were $489.6 million, up sequentially 8.4% and up 64.7% year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating expenses is due to increased consumer marketing spend, increased compensation related to additional headcount and higher commissions, and other general and administrative costs.  Year-over-year, operating expenses increased by $192.3 million, reflecting our continued investment in marketing and sales and R&D activities and investments commensurate with business growth. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and amortization of intangibles related to our exocad acquisition, operating expenses were $461.2 million, up sequentially 8.6% and up 73.6% year-over-year due to the reasons described above. Our second quarter operating income of $268.9 million resulted in an operating margin of 26.6%, up 1.4 points versus prior quarter and up 47.3 points year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating margin was attributable primarily to operational leverage.  The year-over-year increase in operating margin was primarily attributable to higher gross margin and operating leverage as well as the favorable impact from foreign exchange by approximate 1.8 points. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and amortization of intangibles, operating margin for the second quarter was 29.8%, up 1.2 points sequentially, and up 40.8 points year-over-year. Interest and other income and expense, net for the second quarter was a loss of 0.1 million, down sequentially by $36.3 million primarily due to the SDC arbitration award gain recorded in the first quarter. With regards to the second quarter tax provision, our GAAP tax rate was 25.7%, which was higher than the prior quarter rate of 23.4% primarily due to lower excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Our GAAP tax rate was lower than the same quarter last year, which was 44.8%, primarily due to foreign income taxed at lower rates. The second quarter tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was 19.5% compared to 20.2% in the prior quarter and 27.8% in the prior year. The second quarter non-GAAP tax rate was lower than the prior quarter and the second quarter of the prior year rates due to foreign income taxed at lower rates. Second quarter net income per diluted share was $2.51, flat sequentially and up $3.03 compared to the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $3.04 for the second quarter, up $0.55 sequentially and up $3.39 year-over-year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of June 30, 2021, cash and cash equivalents were $1.1 billion, flat sequentially. Of our $1.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents, $551 million was held in the U.S. and $535.3 million was held by our international entities. Q2 accounts receivable balance was $808.1 million, up approximately 12.4% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 72 days, flat sequentially and down approximately 49.1 days as compared to Q2 last year. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $317.5 million. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were $124.2 million, primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $193.3 million. We also have $300 million available under our revolving line of credit. Under our $1 Billion repurchase program announced in May 2021, we have $900 million remaining available for repurchase of our common stock. Now let me turn to our outlook and the factors that inform our view for the remainder of the year. Overall, we are very pleased with our second quarter results and our continued strong performance across regions, customer channels and products.  While there continues to be uncertainty around the pandemic and increasing restrictions related to COVID-19 in certain geographies, we are continuing to invest in our strategic growth initiatives, including sales, marketing, innovation and manufacturing capacity, to drive demand and conversion globally and are confident in our competitive position and ability to execute.  At the same time, we are also anticipating more pronounced summer seasonality across all regions than we have experienced in recent years, as doctors, their staff and patients take long overdue vacations. Notwithstanding seasonality, given our strong performance and continued confidence in the huge market opportunity, our industry leadership and our ability to execute, we are increasing our 2021 revenue guidance provided in April on the Q1 '21 earnings call to a range of $3.85 billion to $3.95 billion.  Additionally, we now expect our second half year-over-year revenue growth rate to be above the midpoint of our long-term operating model target of 20% to 30%. On a GAAP basis, we now anticipate our 2021 operation margin to be better than our prior guidance, in the range of 24% to 25%.  On a non-GAAP basis, we expect the 2021 operating margin to be approximately 3 points higher than our GAAP operating margin, after excluding stock-based compensation and intangible amortization. In addition, during Q3 '21, we expect to repurchase up to $75 million of our common stock through either a combination of open market repurchases or an accelerated stock repurchase agreement. For 2021, we expect our investments in capital expenditures to be approximately $500 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building construction and improvements as well as additional manufacturing capacity to support our international expansion. This includes our planned investment in a new manufacturing facility in Poland, our first one in the EMEA region. With that, Ill turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John. Q2 was a terrific quarter and were very pleased with the improvements were seeing in recovery in doctors practices. We truly value their increasing adoption of digital treatment approaches, their confidence in the unique Align Digital Platform that spans from iTero to the worlds most sophisticated treatment planning, the worlds largest 3D printing business on the globe to a patient app with over 1 million consumers along with the worlds most recognized orthodontic brand has driven strong performance across the business.  Our performance over the last year confirms the incredible size of our target market and demonstrates that our strategy and investments in recent years have helped further solidify our competitive position. We have numerous growth drivers in a vastly underpenetrated market. And while we continue to see some lasting impact and continued uncertainty due to COVID, we remain confident in both the enormous opportunity we have to lead the evolution of digital orthodontics and comprehensive dentistry with our doctor customers, and in our ability to execute our strategy to increase adoption of Invisalign treatment globally. Were also confident in and excited about the benefits of digital treatment that more and more doctors are experiencing by transforming their practices with Invisalign digital orthodontics and iTero scanners for chairside treatment planning and visualization. In fact, Invisalign treatment requires on an average 30% fewer doctor visits than fixed appliances, creating efficiency gains for the doctors and a better patient experience. And 85% of orthodontists surveyed agree that adopting the Align Digital Platform has made a huge difference in their practices. It provides ways to improve their efficiency and productivity. I look forward to updating you at the GP Summit and Investor Day in October in Las Vegas and sharing more examples of how Align is helping doctors transform their practices and their approach to treatment. Now Ill turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Nathan Rich: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for the questions. Joe, I wanted to start with the increased guidance and the expectations around the back half of the year being at the high end of the long-term range. I guess several of the factors that you highlighted on the call, the growth in new customers, the strong iTero placements, those have all historically been good leading indicators of growth in Invisalign. It also sounds like you're seeing better uptake from the DSO channels. That's obviously an opportunity that you guys have been going after for a long time. But I guess at this point, does that change how you're thinking about what the right target is for top line growth kind of next year, within the long-term range that you have?
Joseph Hogan: Hi, Nathan. Look, I think you said it really well what we're seeing right now, what we're experiencing overall, and we are calling strong growth for the second half of this year. But, look, our revenue guidance for the long term for the business is 20% to 30%. And we continue to work within those boundaries. So we're not prepared to change that at the moment. John, any thoughts on --?
John Morici: No, that's exactly -- we feel good about what we're seeing in the marketplace and our guide reflects that.
Nathan Rich: I appreciate that. And then, John, maybe a follow up for you. Can you maybe go into a little bit more detail around your comments on the more pronounced summer seasonality, just how that impacts your expectations for the sequential growth we're likely to see in 3Q and 4Q of this year, maybe versus what you would expect in a normal year?
John Morici: Well, as we know, there's a summer period where people take vacations, holidays and so on in EMEA and other places, and we expect and I think what we see in our own lives is you take longer weekends or maybe more pronounced vacations, people doing things in advance of shutdowns or lockdowns that might happen. And I think we're just being reflective of that. But really looking at all the variables that we normally see and talking to what we expect for the second half, which is to the upper side of our midpoint on a year-over-year basis.
Nathan Rich: Got it. Thanks for the questions.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Joseph Hogan: Hi, Jon.
Jonathan Block: Hi, Joe. Good afternoon, guys. I think, Joe, I'll start with you with the first one. I think it was 5.3 North American GPU utilization number was huge and I think we all waited for a while to get that to get to 4. Now it's towards the 5. Just talk to us on what that is? I'm assuming what? It's more scanners. Is it also just increased utilization with even those that have had the scanner for some time? Would love some color and maybe just more importantly, is that 5 handle on the North American GPU utilization, do you view that as sustainable going forward? And then I've got a follow up.
Joseph Hogan: Jon, I consider everything we do has more than a single variable to it and that's the platform that we work with that you know as well as anybody. But I'd say yes. Scanners serve that very well. Our increased advertising helps to drive that too. It brings more patients to the GPs. And thirdly, new product like [indiscernible] and different derivatives of that product line that are very efficient for GPs to use. And it gives them a huge amount of confidence in our product line when they use it, Jon. So it's a combination of our brand, it's a combination of our digital platform with iTero. It's a combination of product piece. And then we don't talk about it a lot, but we split our sales force years ago. And we have a specific focused sales force on GPs. And GPs speak a different language, Jon. It's different than orthodontists altogether, and that team has been incredibly effective being able to work with doctors, how they can integrate Invisalign into the workflow. And from a restorative standpoint, how you use this proactively. So I'm confident that's a great market for us. We know that 500 million patients we talk about globally sits broadly in that segment, but you need a different kind of a product approach, a different sales approach, and a strong platform geared to those guys to keep that going. And we feel good about that.
Jonathan Block: Okay. And actually you brought up an interesting point. I think the sales force is I believe bifurcating international more recently in North America. So I guess we're starting to see that come through. Second question, John, just let me try to be as detailed as possible. So you've got solid 2Q '21 sales upside that you just reported. Then you raised the back part of the year from roughly 25% year-over-year revenue midpoint growth to closer to 27%. Yet you call out some more pronounced summer seasonality, and those seem at odds with one another. So can you just reconcile those two data points? In other words, you're alluding to more seasonality, yet you just took up the forecast in the back part of the year even in the face of that. So any color would be great.
John Morici: I think it really reflects just the timing between quarters and not kind of as you said looking at the second half in a way, not knowing how vacations and holidays and lockdowns potential might play out but by looking at it in totality and kind of looking at from a second half standpoint.
Jonathan Block: Thanks, guys.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please state your question.
Jason Bednar: Hi, everyone. Good afternoon. Congrats on the strong quarter here. Joe, I want to follow up on Nathans question there going back to the first one. Maybe if you can unpack a bit further what you're seeing here as we look ahead in the next couple quarters, especially now that we've lapped the easiest of your comps, your guide here with suggest momentum strong across the business. But the key question I keep getting from investors is really how that adult consumer in the second half of the year and then into '22, how they're going to respond? So the question I guess for you is just how you're seeing the adult consumer respond in your various geographies as economies have opened back up and as we start staring down some tougher paths on the adult side? Then I've got a follow up.
Joseph Hogan: Well, I think, Jason, in what we see with adults, and we see this really all over the globe, is we obviously had a big uptake from an adult standpoint, but you can see our team numbers up pretty substantially too at the same time. So there's a good balance. The previous question that Jon asked too with GPs, it comes into broadly an adult segment and that segment also. And my explanation in the sense of why we've been effective in that segment, we think we can continue to be helps to contribute to that. Now when we talk about third quarter and seasonality that Jon's talking about whatever, a lot of that is around adult patients and vacations and different things too and it affects different parts of the organization, and how we go to market. But in general, we just feel good about the direction of the business, the signal and words that we're getting from our doctors and what they're explaining they're seeing out there. And that's all incorporated into what we've been forecasting for you. And the one thing to never forget about too, Jason, is the size of this marketplace. We talk about 500 million patients and I know you hear from a lot of other companies in different industries about oversize, SIMs and whatever. This is true. If anything should have shown, like I mentioned in my closing comments, that this market is as big as we talk about being is what you've seen from this business over the last year in the adult segment of that part too, which is a big part of that 500 million patients that we talk about.
Jason Bednar: That's helpful, Joe. And then just looking at least relative to our model in the quarter, it looks like -- most of the outperformance or disproportion amount came from the Americas. I'm sure that's U.S., but also maybe Brazil. And you made some pretty strong comments in the past on what Brazil could do for your business in a pretty short window of time. So just wondering if you could update us here on where you're at with expansion in Brazil, maybe how much that market in particular is contributing to sequential case growth?
Joseph Hogan: Yes, no statistics for it. Brazil continues to be strong. I think you know it's a big aesthetic market, one of the biggest aesthetic markets in the world. It parallels Iberia in a lot of ways as we -- how we have to go in there and move. We're primarily in the orthodontic segment there and not in the GP segment right now on how we have done it. It's a different market that way because ortho play in a much more broader sense in that country than we do here. But we have a very experienced team there. We funded it well. I feel good about our position from a product standpoint and iTero scanners. And it's a big market for us. And don't just think about Brazil too. Latin America in general, it's been a big expanding market for us. So Brazil leads because of the size, population and essentially talked about. But overall, our LATAM market is extremely strong and we're well positioned there. John, any thoughts on that?
John Morici: I think you covered it.
Jason Bednar: All right. Thanks, guys.
Joseph Hogan: All right, Jason. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Erin Wright: Great. Sticking with that international topic, can you speak to the growth in the quarter in Asia Pac and what you're seeing across that market? Are you still seeing some COVID related lingering headwinds there? And can you speak to some of the competitive landscape dynamics as well? And then also your efforts in terms of expanding the consumer advertising effort across that geography as well? Thanks.
John Morici: Hi, Erin. This is John. I can address the start of that. Look, APAC is an important region for us, a huge market opportunity. We've invested, as we've talked about, with manufacturing and treatment planning and other places. We recently have added some additional advertising in APAC, and we see great results where there's a lot of interest, a lot of awareness that it drives, people come to our Web site and look for doctors and so on. And we think that translates very well. We're very happy with the quarter for Q2. You do have pockets of areas where there's COVID, more of a COVID impact; Southeast Asia, parts of China, other areas that we're always mindful of. But when we look at the investments we're making, the return that we're getting from those investments, we feel really good about APAC.
Erin Wright: Okay. And then how should we be thinking about the quarterly progression of the gross margin from here and the run rate going forward? Is there anything to call out in terms of mix or ASPs? Are some of those seasonal dynamics you were talking about that we should be thinking about as we think about the third and the fourth quarter gross margin trends? Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: Nothing of major note, Erin. We've seen that -- as we drive utilization, have more coming through our factories, its very productive for us. We're very mindful of the tradeoffs that affect our margin, and you're seeing that come through. So as we look at some of the investments that we're making and how we're going to market products that we have, how we view things, there's nothing that should be too different than what we've seen from a gross margin standpoint.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. Thank you.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Erin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird & Co. Please go ahead.
Joseph Hogan: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Johnson: Good afternoon. Hi, Joe. How are you? A couple of questions here I guess. One, on the seasonality, again, I hate to keep harping on that. But typically by this point, late July, you guys now know July numbers, you probably know pretty much what's lined up for August given cases that are in treatment planning phase right now. So are the seasonality comments driven by something you're seeing so far in the numbers? Is it something that you're just expecting could come in late in the quarter? Is it focused on the adult side, just kind of any more color there would be helpful as well?
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, it's based on our experience with the season. I think you know. You've been following our business long enough. Third quarter is a real transition quarter from a vacation standpoint, teams coming in here. European vacations, which are really big. And our comments are just reflecting what we're hearing from our customer base, our doctor base not just in the United States, but all over the world. And we're just trying to share that with you. But at the same time, the guide that we've taken up, you have to remember we're at the upper end of our growth model for the second half. And when you think about it, we have two real strong quarters last year, Jeff, third and fourth quarters. So it's just a lot of confidence in what we see and what we feel.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes, understood. And then on ASPs, John, maybe for you. It sounds like some of the rebaiting or some of the promotional activity, I guess I should say, maybe has stepped down just a little bit. Obviously, you're running some bigger trading programs in that late last year and the early part of this year. Is that an opportunity then for ASPs to float a little bit higher into the back half of next year, or do other promotions pop up and just think about ASPs kind of straight lining from here? Thanks.
John Morici: Yes, I would say the latter. Look, there's always promotions that we're running to drive that right utilization, and you try to find that right mix. And what we talk about and I think everybody gets is, it has to translate to gross margin, and we feel good about the gross margin that it's ultimately driving and our op margins that it brings to our bottom line. So there will be some tradeoffs, but I don't expect too much of a change in ASP. And the way we've looked at it, and just because some grow faster than others, look at it from a Comprehensive standpoint versus a non-Comprehensive standpoint to be relatively stable.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes, understood. Thanks, guys.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Joseph Hogan: Hi, John.
John Kreger: Hi, guys. Thanks so much. Maybe just one more follow up. I would assume the seasonality comment is mainly sort of one about adults. But curious if you've got any thoughts on how the teen season might differ this year? Is it shaping up to be sort of a normal year as we assume schools are open again, or maybe more spread evenly across the second half?
John Morici: I think you look at it, John, just from the standpoint that there are unknowns around COVID and vacations and other things. COVID is one of them. Some places we hear some of the countries and regions, school is going to open up earlier; some are saying that it's later. So we're just trying to be mindful that there's going to be changes that happen to this and try to give as much information about that as possible.
John Kreger: Great. Thanks, John. And then maybe one follow up on ASP. It seemed like the year-over-year trend was different in Comprehensive versus non-Comprehensive. Can you just explain that again? Why would the Comprehensive change have been greater than a non-Comprehensive? And when you think about that metric longer term, do you assume the trajectory is similar across those two buckets or not?
John Morici: Yes, the biggest change from last year to this year is really around the additional treatment that doctors were provided. So remember, last year, they didn't have as many new patients coming in, but they were still keeping existing patients along in treatment. It doesn't count as a new case. It really just counts as additional revenue. And therefore ASPs are higher as a result of that. Conversely, as now they've focused more on primary cases and new patients coming in, we see that shift -- we saw that shift. It really started in the third quarter of last year. It's kind of progressed relatively steady from third quarter on. And that's kind of how we think of it. There's not a -- it's not a promotional change or there's nothing of that nature. It's just really more just on how we're recognizing revenue between a primary shipment and then an additional treatment that a doctor provides.
John Kreger: Okay, makes sense. Thank you.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. So my question is in terms of the second quarter, could you talk about how you saw volumes progressing maybe in the U.S. across the three months?
John Morici: I think when we look at -- hi, Elizabeth. Its John. We saw strength across our business. We're not going to get into kind of month-by-month, but I think what we saw and you saw in the print for second quarter, very strong across geographies, products and so on. And what we're seeing is a reflection of that with our guidance.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay, that makes sense. And then turning to the cash flow, I appreciate the CapEx increase this year is largely a function of the new facility in Poland. Is that something that should continue on at that kind of pace going forward, or do you see kind of all of that wrapped up in this year's expense? And then we should go back to sort of more normalized levels afterwards.
John Morici: Yes, I think what you'll see with kind of the convergence of what we have now, we have a lot of capacity that we're adding to meet the demand in the markets that we have. And we have that unique event with Poland kind of going on from a land, purchase, building and equipment that goes in. So this year will be a little bit heavy from that standpoint. And then going forward, it should just be more of the expansion and growth that way, but not as much as this year with the building as well.
Joseph Hogan: Elizabeth, this is Joe. And thinking about -- were talking about 200% growth rates, right. And we're talking about growth rates on the upper end of what our revenue models have been given to you guys. So it requires actually that kind of investment. And it's a good question. But like John said, well hit it hard this year, build some more capacity and this will lay in over time.
Elizabeth Anderson: Yes, that certainly makes sense, especially as you have to build it ahead of the growth. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liza Garcia with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Liza Garcia: Hi, guys. Can you hear me all right?
Shirley Stacy: Yes, we hear you fine.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. Hi, Liza.
Liza Garcia: So I guess just digging into kind of how you're thinking about the exocad expansion with the [indiscernible] and kind of how you see the opportunity building there. You've mentioned a couple of things. And also should we view this kind of as like a first move for exocad and going forward strategy into more CAD/CAM?
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Liza, that's a good question. When you think about -- we talk about the GP segment, we talk about ortho-restorative and I think most people, if you study this, you know the exocad is one of the few companies out there that actually offers a digital type of restorative platform for dentists all around the world. Our vision for our business, as we become a big part of restorative and saving enamel and moving teeth, before you actually do implants, you need to do different things. And that's what -- like that's we think is the revolution of orthodontics, because that wasn't a tool that was really used before. And so exocad and iTero plug in really well behind that. Never forget that our strategy is always about selling more Invisalign. That's what exocad is about. That's what iTero is about too. But they also have to have credibility as units in those segments. And that's when we talk about what we're doing with exocad and iTero, we're expanding our technology but always with a thought of how we can be more effective in ortho-restorative. John actually runs the business. Ill let him talk about it.
John Morici: No, I think you summarized it well. This is a -- it's been just over a year. We're very pleased with how the business stands, as it stands alone, and then the technical and commercial integration that's been going on. And we see more and more synergies and feel good about the digital platform that this helps us move forward. So more to come on this. But after a year, we're very pleased.
Liza Garcia: Great. Awesome. And then I was just wondering if you're hearing any indications from your customers about staffing as a potential issue, that's kind of limiting their availability anywhere? It doesn't -- obviously, the report doesn't certainly seem that way. But channel checks have kind of indicated some more limited staffing.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. Liza, its Joe again. I wouldn't call it a hindrance right now. They have to pay more to find these people. There is concern out there in the sense of how much people have to pay to bring them in. But we haven't had that as an excuse of doctor saying, I can't do more cases because I can't find staff. It's just harder to spend more time doing.
John Morici: The one thing that you do hear and it's just the reality when we talk about some of that seasonality, people take vacations or doctors on vacation as well as staff and patients. So they might fall into that bucket as well to limit some of that staff at their offices.
Liza Garcia: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Newitter with SVB Leerink. Please go ahead.
Jamie Morgan: Hi, guys. It's Jamie on for Rich. A quick question for me on teens. Obviously, our checks, specifically within the ortho channel have been very bullish over the last couple of months. And now with it representing greater than a third of total case shifts, is it fair to say now that teen adoption is finally hitting that inflection point in the U.S.? And if not, kind of what are some of the things that you think still need to happen to really start to take on this sort of viewpoint?
Joseph Hogan: Its Joe. Look, this is not a tipping point as you referred to it. It's been a ground war actually. And that ground war is basically started with product liability. And obviously, with Invisalign First and mandibular advancement and some of our other innovations that we've had, we've really opened up that segment and made it available to us too. Now the work is primarily with orthodontists to make them confident that they can service these teens, not just clinically but from a business standpoint also. That's why our programs like ADAPT and different things we put into place. And remember the war here is not against other clear aligner companies, it's about braces and fixed appliances. And that's what we really have to break through and get done. And honestly, orthodontists just have to be comfortable, not clinically but also from a business standpoint. And I feel like we're making progress in educating teens and educating mom, but on the other end, educating orthodontists to how they can properly do this clinically and also be efficient in their practices in doing it, and that's the ground war part. I feel we're well positioned. And obviously our numbers say we're making progress, but we're not declaring victory here at all.
Jamie Morgan: Got it. And then just one follow up back to kind of some of the more pronounced summer seasonality. If I look back kind of through 2017 through 2019, it seems like you guys have seen anywhere from flat to maybe mid-single digit sequential improvement. Consensus is currently standing at something that would imply a decline. So is there any reason to be thinking that it shouldn't at least fall within the bounds of zero, a flat, mid-single digit improvement versus what consensus is currently implying, which would be a decline, just trying to get better calibration there.
John Morici: Yes, Jamie, this is John. Look, we're trying to give you color to the second half because it's implied in our total year, and you can kind of defer or kind of infer what that means from third quarter and fourth quarter, but just trying to give you as much color without giving quarterly guidance is all that has been.
Jamie Morgan: Okay. Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Ryskin: Hi, guys. How are you doing? Congrats on the quarter of the guide raise. I want to ask first on the -- I guess for John on the operating margin, especially on the non-GAAP side, had another really good quarter there. You bumped the guide a little bit, but you're still sort of -- your outlook for the second half still implies a pretty decent step down in operating margin. So I'm just wondering what's going on there? Is there any incremental spend that you're budgeting? And just in general, sort of expand on that? Can you talk a little bit about consumer marketing spend? How are those costs trending? How's the return on that going?
John Morici: Yes, good question. Look, we're very pleased with our margins that we've seen through the first half, as you noted, very strong performance, a good reflection of a lot of the investments that we made, and we continue to make to help grow our business. And we look at the second half as continuing these investments to expand from a sales and marketing standpoint. There's some operating costs that we have to be able to grow our business, like we have. It reflects those investments and we're trying to continue to position ourselves so that we would continue momentum and be able to start next year with that momentum. So it's really more of a reflection of that. And obviously, as we go through the second half, we'll update on what that means for margin.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. And then on the gross margin line, again, just on the -- you got the manufacturing facility in China. You're talking about the plant in Poland up in 2022. Could you give us an update or reminder of sort of how we should think about progression there in terms of shifting some of the manufacturing there, and how they should work its way through the gross margin lines? And when do to those plants reach more or less full capacity and sort of you work through the ramp up there?
John Morici: Yes, you're right. When we go live, there is -- until you get that capacity up, and we're really -- we know how to do that manufacturing, we've learned as we've gone through some of the China facility ramp up, that will get applied to how we ramp up in Poland. We'll move doctors over kind of country by country and ramp things up. That will happen in the first half next year. But very mindful of what it means from a margin standpoint and do everything we can to minimize that inefficiency that you have when you first start up, and be able to get those facilities up and running at near 100% capacity.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. And one of the things that John knows better than me on this one, Michael, is when we ramped up China, remember we started with a rental temporary facility that was not even close to scale, and it just pounded our cost. But we just wanted to get in place, get the workflow done. We built a building next to the where that area was, then transitioned into it. So that was a pretty big bump that we took there. We're not anticipating, John, the same.
John Morici: Right. And that would happen, Michael, when we kind of quietly went live in Q2 of last year with that new Greenfield facility. And it's all about running that factory with a high utilization. They have an efficient labor and productivity there that we know how to drive. But there is some ramp up period, but we'll look to that in kind of the first half, and then see improvement as we go into the second half.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. Fantastic. Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ravi Misra: Hi, team. How are you doing? Can you hear me?
Joseph Hogan: Hi, Ravi.
Shirley Stacy: Hi, Ravi.
Ravi Misra: Hi. So I guess I have two questions. One is more on the R&D side and one on China. So just on the R&D, one of your competitors announced a new polymer. And I think one of the things that's actually turned up in our checks with orthos at least is that SmartTrack gives you an edge. Just curious on your view and whether that's kind of starting to have any sort of impact, or is it too early? And then how you plan to maybe position yourself to kind of keep ahead of the peers? And then secondly, just around China, I guess its another kind of competition question with I guess your largest facility, a relatively small competitor going public? How are you kind of viewing that market now with kind of another I guess well funded competitor out there in terms of the ability to grow the market or kind of go after potential segment of that market, whether it's the more luxury focus patient or how are you kind of segmenting the population there? Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: On your first question on a new polymer, we do multi-layer material. So it's various polymers that you put together and we were balancing the equation between elasticity and overall rigidity or retention [h] strength. And it's like our other competitors are starting to figure that piece out and see pieces of it. We have strong patents around SmartTrack and obviously improving over time is a real important part about not just having the right materials, but having the right kind of system in place. And that's the treatment planning part that we talked about, 25 years of understanding how to really activate those aligners and make that plastic actually work through those algorithms. And we don't use a displacement methodology, which is basically built on aligner that kind of leads things. It actually engages with these things in a different way. So I expect more companies to come out and work different polymers or whatever. We have a huge amount of experience of that, but don't forget about the entire system, the algorithms, how it works together and how it works the attachments, the exactness of the attachments, where you put those attachments, how they're shaped, so a lot going on there. We feel good about our position, and we'll continue to innovate in that space across all those spectrums. But there's nothing in the competitive marketplace that we are concerned with that would change the trajectory of where we're investing right now. From a China competitive standpoint, obviously Angel Align IPO, we watched that closely and get some clarity to everybody in that marketplace as they IPOed and what's going on. And I think you see they're strong in Tier 3 cities, they're strong with public hospitals in different areas. But look, I feel good about our position in China. Our manufacturing is strong. Our training centers there are strong. Our treatment planning is strong. It's close to accounts. We had good growth in the quarter overall, good sequential growth, good year-on-year growth. You might want to [indiscernible], John.
John Morici: Yes, just to add in China, we've been competing in China with various companies since we've been there. So it is nothing new really with the IPO. It's really more of a reflection of this under penetrated market in China. China is a huge opportunity for the clear aligner business. And so we feel very good about our positioning there. Primarily cases are done with wires and brackets. And so this is less about share shifting amongst clear aligner and more about growth in the category.
Ravi Misra: Thanks.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Ravi. Well, listen, thank you everyone for joining us today. We really appreciate your time. Look forward to speaking to you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings, including the International Dental Show in Cologne, Germany, September 22 through 25, where we'll be showcasing Align, exocad innovations and a hybrid and multimedia exhibition space through physical and virtual experiences. We'll also be hosting an investor meeting in conjunction with our GP Summit in October in Las Vegas in Nevada. We'll have that October 29 and 30. So look for more information. And if you have any additional questions, please follow up with our Investor Relations Department. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Align Q1 '21 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, Vice President, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO.  We issued first quarter 2021 financial results today via Globe Newswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 1 month. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on May 12. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13718065 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number.  As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable, and our first quarter 2021 conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. Please note, as of Q1 '21, we are no longer including number of doctors trained, Clear Aligner shipment volume by region and total worldwide average selling price. We will continue to share information management uses to evaluate the business and metrics to help investors and analysts assess our financial performance.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the first quarter, then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Clear Aligners and Systems and Services. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the full year. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions.  I'm pleased to report another strong quarter with record revenues and volumes reflecting strong growth for both Invisalign Clear Aligners and iTero Systems and Services across products and customer channels worldwide. Q1 sequential Invisalign Clear Aligner growth was driven by strength in both adult and teen market segments across products, customer channels, especially in North America and the EMEA region. The year is off to a great start, and Q1 reflects increasing momentum and the benefit from continued investments in our strategic initiatives focusing on: expanding our operations globally in existing and emerging international markets; increasing ortho adoption and utilization of Invisalign treatment, especially with teens; training and education GP dentists; an increasing conversion to Clear Aligners; and building Invisalign brand preference with millions of consumers through advertising, PR, digital, social media and influencer marketing to drive demand and conversion through Invisalign-trained doctors.  For Q1, total revenues were $894.8 million, up 7.2% sequentially and 62.4% year-over-year. Q1 System and Services were $141.5 million, up 5.8% sequentially and up 104% year-over-year. Q1 '21 Clear Aligner revenues of $753.3 million were up 7.5% sequentially and increased of 56.4% year-over-year.  In Q1, we shipped a record 595,800 Invisalign cases, an increase of 4.9% sequentially and 65.8% year-over-year. In addition, we shipped to a record 78,600 Invisalign doctors worldwide, of which approximately 6,600 were first-time customers.  During the quarter, we reached a significant milestone with our 10 millionth Invisalign patient, Gabriela Silva, who recently began our treatment with Dr. Eunice Blind, an Invisalign-trained orthodontist in So Paulo, Brazil, one of our fastest-growing country markets. It's remarkable to think about the pace of growth and adoption that we are experiencing worldwide, especially when considering it took 10 years to achieve our 1 millionth Invisalign patient milestone and now we're adding 1 million new Invisalign patients in less than 6 months. We're grateful to our doctor partners and their patients and to our 20,000 employees around the world who have helped us reach this milestone.  In recognition of our 10 millionth Invisalign milestone, we have donated $10 million to the Align Foundation donor-advised fund, are kicking off a campaign called 10 Million Smiles, 10 Million Thanks centered around the transformative power of Invisalign treatment through the eyes of Invisalign patients.  From a product perspective, Q1 clear aligner revenues reflect strong growth across the Invisalign portfolio for both comprehensive and noncomprehensive products. Q1 comp volume increased 4.9% sequentially and 62.3% year-over-year, and Q1 non-comp or noncomprehensive volume increased 5.0% sequentially and 74.4% year-over-year. Invisalign Clear Aligners address a wide range of case complexity and can treat approximately 90% of case starts for adults and teens and phase 1 treatment for kids as young as 6 years old. Q1 adult patients increased 5.8% sequentially and 68.5% year-over-year. Q1 teens or younger patients increased 2.7% sequentially, 58.9% year-over-year. Teenage cases made up nearly 75% of the 15 million ortho starts each year and despite our rapid growth and adoption, Invisalign treatment is still only single digits worldwide, so we continue to see significant runway here.  Our strong Q1 results also reflect our multimillion-dollar consumer marketing investment across key media channels with broad reach to drive consumers to Invisalign doctor practices. Our teen and mom-focused consumer campaign generated 138% year-over-year increase in unique visitors to our website and 35% increase in leads generated. In addition, Invisalign social media influencers like Charli D'Amelio, Avani Gregg, and Tan France and many other content creators/influencers enabled a delivery of 4.2 billion impressions in Q1 '21, delivering exciting new content and increased engagement for the Invisalign brand among their millions of followers.  The consumer insights and data we receive from our programs suggest adults are also continuing to invest more in themselves for their overall health and well-being and have more disposable income to do so. They are seeking Invisalign clear aligner treatment from our Invisalign doctors and sharing their positive experiences with their friends, family and social networks, becoming influencers themselves.  Now let's turn to the specifics around our first quarter results, starting with the Americas. For the Americas region, Q1 was another strong quarter with Invisalign case volume up 8.4% sequentially and 53.8% year-over-year reflecting increased Invisalign submitters and utilization growth for both orthodontic and GP channels. Q1 results also reflect continued investment in digital marketing, sales programs, our channel focus around GPs, orthos and DSOs and other initiatives to help drive utilization.  In the GP channel, Invisalign Moderate and Invisalign Go continue to gain traction. This was especially true for GP dentists that enrolled in the iPro program as well as doctors that have installed iTero scanners. The GP Accelerator program, designed exclusively for GPs, provides an all-encompassing support plan based on practice needs that is centered around maximizing iTero integration, clinical support needs and implementing new marketing strategies. DSO utilization also increased and continues to be a strong growth driver and outpaced non-DSO practices.  Today, we announced that we have extended our relationship with DECA Dental Group and have signed a new multiyear agreement for the Invisalign System through early 2025. In addition, DECA Dental Group is extending utilization of iTero Element 5D imaging system across its affiliate practices in the United States. This provides DECA Dental doctors and clinical support team members with access to Align's customized clinical education for the Invisalign system and the iTero Element 5D imaging system to support practices in adopting new workflows for restorative dentistry and for digital orthodontics.  In the ortho channel, the Teen Awesomeness Centers program direct patients to Invisalign doctors who are experts are treating teens and are seen as the go-to doctors in their markets, helping to drive increased comprehensive treatments within the North American ortho channel. Tomorrow, registration opens for the 2021 Teen Forum: Virtual Edition to be held on June 10 and 11, which combines 2 days of all new dynamic sessions focused on the Invisalign teen patient journey. Sessions will focus on building clinical confidence, efficient workflows, teen and parent conversion and the overall digital treatment experience that teens expect. The timing of the forum is designed as a strong lead to the busy teen season, and attendees will have the option, at the post forum mentoring by Invisalign teen experts, to help orthos and their staff apply the tools from the teen forum to their practices and get additional support through their busy summer.  For our international business, Q1 Invisalign case volume was up sequentially 0.9%. On a year-over-year basis, international shipments were up 83.2%. In EMEA, Q1 volumes were sequentially 3.7%, up 74.9% year-over-year, with strong broad-based growth across all markets, led by the U.K., France and Italy, along with continued growth in our expansion markets, led by Turkey, Russia, CIS and Benelux. We also saw strong performance from both ortho and GP channels, with momentum in the GP channels with adults reflected in strong utilization in shipments from Invisalign Go.  EMEA growth programs are customized by market and customers' type to encourage Invisalign utilization, such as Professional 360 Ortho and Advance 360 Ortho programs with over 2,000 orthodontist enrolled. We also had GP Move 360, a program design to be able to help move doctors along their developmental journey, with an increase in GP cohorts of over 117% compared to a prior year. We're also continuing to offer online and on-demand education events, which have reached over 15,000 GPs cumulatively.  In the region, we hosted several successful summits and forums for Invisalign doctors this quarter in all-virtual formats: the U.K. GP Forum and Ortho Summit, French Ortho Summit and the iTero Element Plus launch media event. In addition, we just held the Italian and DACH or German Ortho Summits last week.  International expansion remains one of our key strategic pillars. Last week, we announced plans to open a new manufacturing facility in Poland, which will be our first Aligner plant in the EMEA region and our third plant worldwide joining Juarez, Mexico and Ziyang, China. The new facility is expected to be supplying customers in the EMEA region in early 2022, helping address the large and relatively untapped market of more than 5 million annual orthodontic case starts and more than 150 million EMEA customers who could benefit from treatment. The investment is part of our strategy to bring operational facilities closer to our customers and reflects our commitment to Invisalign-trained doctors and their patients in the EMEA region and extends our local operations in the region.  The state-of-the-art EMEA plant in Wroclaw is expected to have more than 2,500 jobs by the end of 2025, making it the company's largest investment in EMEA to date and the largest 3D printing operation in the region.  For APAC, Q1 volumes were down sequentially 3.9% as expected, reflecting seasonality. On a year-over-year basis, APAC was up 101.3% compared to the prior year, reflecting continued strong growth across the region, led by China, Japan and ANZ. Invisalign volume growth drivers were young adults, with young kids ramping faster than any other age group. In the teen segment, Invisalign volumes accelerated during the quarter and were driven by increased Invisalign utilization and case submissions from Invisalign doctors. We also continue to see good adoption of the Invisalign Moderate product for noncomprehensive treatment in the GP channel. During the quarter, we continued to offer online and on-demand education events which reached over 14,000 GPs cumulatively.  Invisalign volumes in China were flat sequentially and up over 200% year-over-year. In Q1, China volumes gained momentum throughout the quarter. The Align clinical education site is the go-to digital hub for Invisalign doctors and team education and training. The digital learning environment was relaunched in February 2020 for Invisalign doctors, offering a comprehensive learning platform with role-specific content for orthos, GPs and their teams. The site enables more online learning opportunities with spotlight features for what's trending now, recommended learning paths based on doctors' experiences and expanded categories, including digital treatment planning, comprehensive dentistry and team education.  During the quarter, over 102,000 unique users, having accessed the records lecture, completed self-paced learning modules and watched how-to videos, viewing more than 3 million pages of learning content. On the Ortho channel, over 38,000 unique users have engaged with a digital learning site and additional 63,000 unique users from the GP channel.  We also continue to see good adoption of the ADAPT program, which is an expert and independent fee-based business consulting service offered by Align to optimize clinics' operational workflow and processes to enhance patient experience, customer and staff satisfaction. As a result of the ADAPT service, practices experience higher growth and greater efficiencies for orthodontic practices as well as improved profitability after implementation. To date, we've seen a 50% increase in Invisalign cases among doctors' cohorts within 6 months of participation in the ADAPT program. In addition, while still early in the program, we're also seeing a strong correlation or halo effect on teen utilization among ADAPT doctor cohorts.  On consumer marketing, this focuses on educating consumers about the Invisalign system and driving that demand to our Invisalign doctor offices, ultimately capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles.  In Q1, we continue to see strong digital engagement globally with more than 138% increase in unique visitors, 95% increase in doctor locator searches and 35% increase in leads created on a year-over-year basis, driven by our global adult and mom-focused campaigns and teen-focused influencer content. Our U.S. Mom/Teen multitouch, multimillion-dollar campaign with influencer-led YouTube videos, a mom-focused TV spot, a custom Twitch activation and mega teen sensations such as Charli D'Amelio and Avani Gregg continued to perform well and garnered 4.2 billion impressions in Q1.  The statistics I shared previously speak to the continued success this marketing campaign is having to not only drive demand with consumers but also educate them on the benefits of Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office.  The Align Digital Platform continues to gain traction globally. Our consumer and patient app, My Invisalign, is now available in 58 markets, resulting in a more than 4x increase in app downloads and 3x increase in patients actively using our app in Q1 '21 versus the same period a year ago. Our consumer and patient feature usage continues to increase. For example, Invisalign Virtual Appointment Tool was used 86,000 times and our insurance verification feature was used 27,000 times in Q1. Further, we received more than 575,000 patient photos in our Virtual Care feature to date globally, providing us rich data to leverage our AI capabilities to improve our services for doctors and patients.  Lastly, our new consumer website has been rolled out to more than 50 markets and continues to drive increased effectiveness in lead creation. In the EMEA region, we built on the tremendous success we saw with the consumer marketing pilot in Q4 in the U.K. and expanded our media investments across the U.K., Germany and France to drive engagements, resulting in more than 335% increase in unique visitors and a 95% increase in leads.  We also expanded our consumer advertising in the APAC region in Australia, Japan and China, and saw more than a 2,000% increase in consumer engagement and a 298% increase in leads. Several key metrics that show increased activity engagement with Invisalign brand are included in our Q1 quarterly presentation slides available on our website.  Our NFL partnership continues to do well, generating over 23.5 million impressions during the quarter. It continues to be another major integral channel to reach adults considering clear aligner treatment through an Invisalign-trained doctor. During the quarter, we expanded our sports partnership marketing strategy with the Invisalign brand named the official smile partner of the Golden State Warriors. As part of the agreement with the 6x NBA Champion Golden State Warriors, the Invisalign brand also is the official smile partner of the Santa Cruz Warriors, the Golden State's G League affiliate, and the Golden Guardians, its e-sport affiliate. The sponsorship includes an omnichannel activation across TV, digital media, social, a jersey partnership with the Golden Guardians and the Santa Cruz Warriors.  Finally, on the consumer marketing front, we also launched our first ever social purpose initiative in Q1 called Invisalign ChangeMakers, an award program we developed in partnership with the National 4-H Council. This is to celebrate and highlight teens in making an impact in their communities. We were blown away by the number of recommendations and stories we received about teens, from redistributing excess food to combat hunger in their communities, to donating weighted blankets to those in the autism spectrum. Overall, it's been heartwarming to learn about each of these amazing teenagers who bring a unique approach to positively impacting their communities and following their passions to create change.  In total, we received nearly 800 ChangeMakers applications. On June 28, we will announce 100 winners, each of whom will receive $5,000 to help them continue their goodwill efforts. We'll also celebrate these young forces of change with a virtual ceremony currently slated for mid-July. We are continuing to invest in creating consumer demand for Invisalign Aligners in markets around the world. Our global campaigns include a multichannel media strategy using digital video, social media, influencer marketing and TV.  For our Systems and Services business, Q1 revenues were up 5.8% sequentially, reflecting slightly lower scanner volume following a record fourth quarter. This is primarily due to the seasonality of capital equipment sales at year-end and higher services revenue. On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services revenues were up 104%, reflecting strong scanner shipments and services.  The iTero Element 5D Imaging System continues to gain traction across all regions. Element 5D is the first integrated dental imaging system that simultaneously records 3D intra-oral optical impressions, 2D color images and Near Infrared Images or NIRI technology. Full arch scans can be completed in as little as 60 seconds, and NIRI technology scans the structure of the tooth in real-time without harmful radiation, acting as digital aid for detection of interproximal caries, or cavities, above the gingiva line.  In APAC, the Element Flex is doing well with its wand-only configuration that provides needed mobility so doctors can see patients anywhere they choose and also or perform full arch scans in even the smallest office.  During the quarter, we announced availability of the iTero Element Plus series, which expands the iTero portfolio to serve a broad range of the dental market. The new Element Plus series offers faster processing time, advanced visualization capabilities for a seamless scanning experience in a new sleek ergonomically-designed package. It's also engineered with the latest computing power, a dedicated AI chip and new AI-based features as well as an easy upgrade path for future innovation.  In terms of digital scans used for Invisalign case submissions in Q1, total digital scans increased to 80.9% from 75.8% in Q1 last year. International scans increased to 75.1%, up from 68.7% in the same quarter last year. For the Americas, 85.5% of the cases submitted digitally compared to 80.5% a year ago. Cumulatively, over 35.4 million orthodontic scans and 7.5 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners.  Turning to exocad. A year ago in April, we welcomed exocad into the Align family. I want to thank the entire team for their continued progress on integration and road map development. Together, we are working to extend exocad's position as a key technology provider for the dental CAD/CAM industry and to drive continuous innovation with the open and integrated approach that is the foundation of exocad.  During Q1, the new release of exocad's DentalCAD3.0 Galway was successfully rolled out globally with very positive customer feedback. A record number of over 70,000 verified prosthetic components were created in DentalCAD Galway, one of the largest prosthetic libraries in the industry.  exocad also reached a new milestone for the exoplan database, which now supports nearly 10,000 implants from over 90 manufacturers. The new release also includes a unique and highly innovative DentalCAD feature, Instant Anatomic Morphing, that reduces design time by up to 30% compared to previous version. It also includes new AI technology for exocad's Smile Creator, which enables time-saving automatic detection of facial features.  In addition, the new MyiTero Connector was launched directly to exocad labs. The MyiTero Connector creates an easy and integrated way to receive intra-oral scan cases from thousands of iTero doctors worldwide. New cases are downloaded automatically and will show up directly in the DentalDB case list.  exocad also co-hosted a joint dentistry event in the U.K. to showcase full workflow with ChairsideCAD titled Digital Dentistry Hands On. The virtual roadshow aimed at general dentists showcases a full digital workflow for the clinical environment with ChairsideCAD, exocad's complete open architecture CAD software platform for single-visit dentistry. Hosted by Dr. Gulshan Murgai, the participants of the roadshow series learn how to use the software for single-visit restorations and implant planning in the dental practice along the entire digital dentistry workflow.  These are just a few milestones, and we're excited about the opportunities ahead to shape the dental industry with technology and expertise that benefits all customers, labs, partners and users. We look forward to sharing more about ongoing exocad developments.  With that, I'll now turn it over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q1 financial results. Total revenues for the first quarter were $894.8 million, up 7.2% from the prior quarter and up 62.4% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. For Clear Aligners, Q1 revenues of $753.3 million were up 7.5% sequentially and up 56.4% year-over-year, reflecting Invisalign volume growth in most geographies. Clear Aligner revenue growth was favorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $14.4 million or approximately 2.1 points sequentially and on a year-over-year basis, by approximately $22.3 million or approximately 4.6 points.  For Q1, Invisalign Comprehensive and Non-Comprehensive ASPs were both up sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 Invisalign Comprehensive and Non-Comprehensive ASP decreased. Overall, on a sequential and year-over-year basis, ASPs were favorably impacted by foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis, ASPs were impacted by higher net revenue deferrals in all regions and higher promotional discounts.  Clear aligner deferred revenue on the balance sheet increased $79 million sequentially and $256 million year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped. Total Q1 clear aligner shipments of 595,800 cases were up 4.9% sequentially and up 65.8% year-over-year.  Our Systems and Services revenues for the first quarter was a record $141.5 million, up 5.8% sequentially due to product mix and increased services revenues from our larger installed base and exocad's CAD/CAM services. Year-over-year, Systems and Services revenues was up 104% due to higher scanner shipments and services and the inclusion of exocad's CAD/CAM services from the April 2020 acquisition and increased services from our larger installed base.  Our Systems and Services deferred revenue was up 17% sequentially and up 102% year-over-year, primarily due to the increase in scanner sales and the deferral of service revenues, which will be recognized ratably over the service period.  Moving on to gross margin. First quarter overall gross margin was 75.7%, up 2.5 points sequentially and up 4.1 points year-over-year. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation and amortization of intangibles related to our exocad acquisition, overall gross margin was 76.1% for the first quarter and up 2.5 points sequentially and up 4.2 points year-over-year. Overall gross margin was favorably impacted by approximately 0.5 points sequentially and 0.7 points on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange.  Clear Aligner gross margin for the first quarter was 77.6%, up 2.7 points sequentially due to increased manufacturing efficiencies from higher production volumes, higher ASPs and lower freight, partially offset by higher additional aligner volume. Clear Aligner gross margin was up 4.6 points year-over-year due to increased manufacturing efficiencies from higher production volumes and lower freight, partially offset by lower ASPs.  Systems and Services gross margin for the first quarter was a record 65.4%, up 1.2 points sequentially, primarily due to manufacturing efficiencies from higher production volumes and higher ASPs, partially offset by increased freight. Systems and Services gross margin was up 3.6 points year-over-year due to manufacturing efficiencies from increased volume, higher ASPs and services revenues.  Q1 operating expenses were $451.7 million, up sequentially 13.7% and up 39.2% year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating expenses is due to increased compensation, primarily from additional headcount and incentive compensation, consumer marketing spend and other general and administrative costs. Year-over-year, operating expenses increased by $127.2 million, reflecting our continued investment in sales and R&D activities and investments commensurate with business growth.  On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles related to our exocad acquisition and acquisition costs related to our exocad acquisition, operating expenses were $424.8 million, up sequentially 14.1% and up 40.9% year-over-year.  Our first quarter operating income of $225.4 million resulted in an operating margin of 25.2%, down 0.3 points sequentially and up 12.5 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating margin is attributed to operational investments. The year-over-year increase in operating margin are primarily attributed to higher gross margin and operating leverage.  On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and amortization of intangibles, the acquisition costs related to our exocad acquisition, operating margin for the first quarter was 28.6%, down 0.4 points sequentially and up 11.5 points year-over-year. Our operating margin was favorably impacted by approximately 0.8 points sequentially and 1.5 points on a year-over-year basis due to foreign exchange.  Interest and other income and expense, net, for the first quarter was a gain of $36.2 million, primarily driven by the SDC arbitration award gain. Excluding the SDC arbitration award gain, interest and other income and expense, net, was a $7.2 million expense on a non-GAAP basis.  With regards to the first quarter tax provision, our GAAP tax rate was 23.4%, which includes tax expense of approximately $11 million related to U.S. taxes on the SDC arbitration award received and approximately $14 million of excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. Our GAAP tax rate this quarter was lower than the prior quarter rate of 25.9%, primarily due to the higher excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation, partially offset by foreign income taxes at different rates.  Our GAAP tax rate was higher than the same quarter last year, which was negative 2,745%, primarily due to a onetime tax benefit of approximately $1.5 billion associated with our corporate structure reorganization completed during the first quarter of 2020. The first quarter tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was 20.2% compared to 14.5% in prior quarter and 33.2% in the prior year. The first quarter non-GAAP tax rate was higher than the prior quarter rate, primarily due to lower tax benefits from foreign income tax at different rates. In comparison to prior year, the non-GAAP tax rate for the first quarter was lower primarily due to higher tax benefits from foreign income tax at different rates.  First quarter net income per diluted share was $2.51, up $0.51 sequentially and down $16.70 compared to prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.49 for the first quarter, down $0.12 sequentially and up $1.76 year-over-year.  Moving on to the balance sheet. As of March 31, 2021, cash and cash equivalents were $1.1 billion, an increase of approximately $170.9 million from the prior quarter, which is primarily due to cash flow from operations. Of our $1.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents, $684.4 million was held in the U.S. and $447.3 million was held by our international entities.  Q1 accounts receivable balance was $719 million, up approximately 9.3% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 72 days, up approximately 1 day sequentially and down approximately 15 days as compared to Q1 last year. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $227.2 million. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $43.4 million, primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $183.8 million.  We also have $300 million available under our revolving line of credit. Under our May 2018 repurchase program, we have $100 million remaining available for repurchase of our common stock.  Now let me turn to our outlook. Overall, we are very pleased with our first quarter results and our continued strong momentum across regions and customer channels. It has been over a year since the pandemic began, and I want to briefly recap the actions we took to support our employees by protecting employee jobs and salaries and by supporting our customers with PPE, extended payment terms, training and many other areas of assistance.  Instead of going quiet, we accelerated our investments in marketing to drive consumer demand to our doctors' offices and stay top of mind with consumers. We accelerated our digital technology investments so that we could provide virtual tools to our doctors, enabling them to stay connected with their patients and keep their treatment moving forward. We continued to grow the business, increased our investments in R&D and product innovation and developing our plans for manufacturing expansion in EMEA. We did all these things for our customers, partners, employees and shareholders because we believe in the industry and the size of the market opportunity. Our results are the outcome of our conviction in our business model, focus and ability to execute.  While there continues to be uncertainty around the pandemic and global environment, the strength in our business reflects the purposeful decisions we made through the pandemic and fuels our confidence in continuing to invest into growth to drive demand and conversion globally.  Q2 is off to a great start and momentum has continued through April. Consumer demand trends and patient traffic across the dental industry are favorable and continue to improve. Given these factors and the positive trends we continue to see across the business, we believe it is important to share our current outlook and provide guidance for the full year. Note that the outlook we are providing does not reflect any potential significant disruption or additional costs related to any supply constraints.  With that, let's turn to our full year 2021 outlook and the factors that inform our view. We have growing confidence in our digital platform and how it is driving growth across all regions and market segments. We expect 2021 revenues of $3.7 billion to $3.9 billion, up 50% to 58% year-over-year. Consistent with past years, we expect second half revenue to make up more than half of the full year revenue, and our second half revenue to grow year-over-year around the midpoint of our long-term operating model target of 20% to 30%.  As discussed during our last earnings call, we are increasing our investments in sales, marketing, innovation and manufacturing capacity to continue to drive our growth programs and accelerate adoption in a vastly underpenetrated market. On a GAAP basis, we anticipate 2021 and operating margin to be between 23.5% and 24.5%. On a non-GAAP basis, we expect 2021 operating margin to be approximately 3 points higher than our GAAP operating margin after excluding stock-based compensation and intangible amortization.  In addition, during Q2 '21, we expect to repurchase $100 million of our common stock through either open market repurchases or an accelerated stock repurchase agreement we intend to enter into on or prior to May 3, 2021. The repurchase is intended to complete the $600 million stock repurchase authorization announced on May 23, 2018.  For 2021, we expect our investments in capital expenditures to exceed $300 million. Capital expenditures primarily relate to building construction and improvements as well as additional manufacturing capacity to support our international expansion. This includes our planned investment in a new manufacturing facility in Wroclaw, Poland, our first one in the EMEA region. We intend to fund these needs with cash generated from operations.  With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John. In summary, we're very pleased with the first quarter results of 2021. Our strong growth and continued momentum reflect our strategic initiatives and investments, including support for doctors to ensure treatment and business continuity, ramping availability of virtual tools to keep doctors and patients connected throughout treatment and increased consumer marketing and concierge programs. The benefits of digital treatment and digital tools and the limitations of outdated old analog approaches continue to drive adoption of Invisalign Clear Aligners and iTero scanners and services.  Over the past year, more doctors have experienced Align's digital platform, which made it possible for thousands of Invisalign practices and patients to continue treatments throughout global disruption, thanks to Invisalign aligners, digital treatment planning, virtual monitoring and care as well as iTero scanners.  But the shift from traditional analog wires and brackets to a fully end-to-end digital platform is not easy, cannot be done without very complex technology. And this technology is prevalent, touching every aspect of what we do from manufacturing excellence where we currently manufacture over 700,000 unique aligners per day, to expanding our geographic footprint to over 100 markets, to building a network of over 200,000 trained Invisalign doctors and providing the technology to our doctors in a complete digital system, the Aligned digital platform.  As the market leader in the clear aligner space, we have been building this industry over 24 years to get to where it is today and yet the majority of the market opportunity remains largely untapped. With over 500 million potential case starts globally, Align is in a rare position to address this market with the Align Digital Platform, powered by 2 decades of clinical data based on more than 10.2 million patients with AI machine learning and digital tools to help our doctors efficiently communicate with their patients, show and explain any issues and visualize potential treatment outcomes. And together with doctors, we're going to leverage the power of digital dentistry and orthodontics more than ever.  We remain focused on our strategic execution, agility, customer service excellence and continuing to make investments to grow our business to drive utilization of the Invisalign system, ultimately returning value to our shareholders. This is the multi-variable equation that we talk about and there's no other company in the market today that has all these capabilities combined.  Finally, throughout the pandemic, our priority has been the health and safety of our employees and their families and our doctor customers and their staff, and that has not changed. We remain dedicated to their well-being, and I want to reiterate our commitment to all Invisalign practices and our employees around the world, especially those in areas recently affected by a surge in COVID-19: India, Brazil, France, Poland, Ukraine, Mexico, Thailand and Japan. We are continuing to monitor the situations and are providing support and resources to those impacted employees.  Thanks for your time today. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question is from Nathan Rich from Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Maybe starting with the guidance for the year and your expectations over the balance of the year. I appreciate the detail that you gave. I guess, should we think about the revenue cadence as being similar to a normal year? And Joe, I mean, it certainly seems like the shift in market share that you've been highlighting has accelerated during the pandemic. I guess I'd be curious to know if you have any way of kind of quantifying the magnitude of this shift as we think about the ability of -- you just kind of sustain this momentum going forward and the gains that obviously Clear Aligners has had during the pandemic.
Joseph Hogan: All right. Nathan, we're obviously optimistic. I mean, given the guidance we had today and the strong first quarter results, we really feel good about where we are. The great thing about this growth is it's been broad and deep, okay? It is across every region. We see it whether it's in APAC, or whether it's EMEA, whether it's in the Americas overall. And then across the GP spectrum, across the ortho spectrum, too, it's been terrific. And it's also up and down. That's why we're giving you comprehensive, noncomprehensive now, all different kinds of cases.  So we just feel great about the demand patterns, the depth and breadth of this rebound and that's why we have some clarity now. We decided to give guidance, and we're excited about this year and going forward. John, any thoughts on it?
John Morici: And to add to your question, Nathan, the seasonality and things that we've seen in the past will continue. We would expect those to continue as we go through this year. So it's hard to compare year-over-year, especially in the first half. But going forward, it makes sense to look at it quarter-over-quarter.
Nathan Rich: Great. And if I could just ask a quick follow-up on the -- it seems like it's going to -- there's going to be more discussion around comprehensive versus noncomprehensive instead of the regional breakout going forward. So I was wondering if you could just level set us on the current mix of business between comprehensive and non-comprehensive cases. And how you're thinking about the growth of those two categories going forward?
John Morici: Yes. When you look at it, Nathan, it's about 75% comprehensive, 25% noncomprehensive. It can vary by quarter based on teen season and so on, but that's roughly the split there. And we're investing in both areas to be able to grow, whether it's on the ortho side or the GP side for those categories.
Joseph Hogan: And Nate, I think you know the margin on those products also. So there's not -- this is not like a margin split. I mean, you still have higher margins on the less than comprehensive product line, too. So it's a good mix.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Congrats on a really nice quarter here. I actually want to start on guidance as well. If I focus in the second half of the year, maybe when comps tend to normalize a bit and use the midpoint of that 20% to 30% long-term guide you've got out there. Are you able to talk about how this comes together from a regional or channel perspective? Is it safe to assume that teens international still grows above that mid-20s level? And then is it right to think about imaging and CAD/CAM growing at that mid-20s level as well?
John Morici: Jason, this is John. We would look at Invisalign and our System and Services to grow at that midpoint in the second half, so around that 25% year-over-year across the business. And we're making investments and continued investments, as we've talked about, to really establish and continue our growth.
Jason Bednar: Okay. And John, just sorry, anything from a regional or channel perspective, international or teens or just how that all comes together?
John Morici: I think we're not forecasting by each of the regions and so on from that. I think you can -- from our business, we're trying to grow teens. It's a great indicator for the penetration on the ortho side, and we'll continue to grow that, but not giving specifics by region.
Jason Bednar: Okay. Understood. And then just one other follow-up. I mean, the Clear Aligner gross margin was extremely strong this quarter. The Clear Aligner revenue, that grew $50 million sequentially with COGS that fell by $10 million. John, I know you stepped through some of the factors just incorporated there. But is this a sustainable level that we should be thinking about for Clear Aligner gross margin going forward, kind of in this upper 70s level? Or maybe were there some other factors that helped push that gross margin higher here just in the first quarter?
John Morici: Well, we did see some FX benefit, as we called out, but it's a reflection of investing in this business, adding capacity, adding in places where we see the growth, and this was leveraging some of that -- those investments. So it's a reflection of the work that we have, the productivity that we can drive across the business, utilizing some of the facilities that we have and then benefit a bit from FX on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Operator: The next question is from Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson: Congrats on a nice quarter. Can you talk about any changes in your DSO strategy? I know you obviously, highlighted the DECA renewal in the quarter, but I just didn't know if there -- as we come out of COVID, anything to think about there in terms of how you're working with that group of customers?
Joseph Hogan: No, Elizabeth, actually, we do, we can. We bring the entire Align digital platform together with iTero, the different -- some DSOs want to approach this thing from a comprehensive standpoint, some want noncomprehensive. So we just basically gear our digital platform and our product line based on what a DSO wants to do and what they want to accomplish, and not just in the U.S. but really all over the world.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. That's helpful. And then in terms of the new facility in Poland, should we think about the potential impact on the gross margin line to be similar to when you open the Ziyang facility? Or is there a different way that you -- that this one is different?
John Morici: I think when we look at that, we'll leverage to ramp up that facility as fast as possible as a lot of volume can come through from EMEA. So I wouldn't look at that as a model for that. Remember what we did in China was a temporary facility to move to a greenfield, and this is a greenfield new facility to start with.
Operator: The next question is from Jon Block from Stifel.
Jonathan Block: Joe, nice quarter. Two relatively quick ones. I guess to start, Joe, you called out EMEA and North America as the primary case volume, call it, upside drivers, not APAC. And just maybe if you could talk to APAC a little bit more. It was sort of first in COVID, and I think everyone was thinking first in, first out, but it seems like EMEA has been stronger. I mean, it was on a 2-year stack basis despite all the headline stuff that we hear in EMEA. Any details on APAC? Obviously, you've got a pretty big competitor in China. Any more granularity there would be very helpful. And then I've got a little bit of a tighter follow-up.
Joseph Hogan: Jon, first of all, I mean, EMEA was amazing in that way, but I wouldn't let it eclipse APAC, right? We feel really good about APAC across the board. China, obviously, being a big area, the sequential growth of China. When you look at fourth quarter versus first quarter, it's right in that 7%, 7.5% range like the entire business is. And then obviously, APAC is extremely diverse, but from Japan, ANZ, those key areas that we have in APAC, it's really strong growth.  So I really feel great about APAC. It's just there's somewhat of an eclipse right now because EMEA was extremely strong. But you shouldn't let yourself think in any way that, that means APAC was weak in some way. We feel good about APAC as we go into the first quarter and the whole year.
Jonathan Block: Okay. Yes, I guess, good problem to have. Second one is sort of a derivative of Nathan's question. But the biggest question I get from investors is this pull-forward of demand, right? In other words, is the 1Q '21 volume, call it, success, is that at the expense of future quarters? And it seems like your guidance suggests you're not too worried about that, Joe. But can you give us more detail here? Like why aren't you worried about any pull-forward? What are you hearing from sales reps? What are docs saying about sustaining the momentum throughout the year?
Joseph Hogan: Yes, John. John, first of all, it's the breadth of this growth, right? It's not like it's a singular region like we just talked about with EMEA and APAC and how strong the Americas is. We're seeing great uptake in the GP side. We see terrific growth there, the orthodontic side. You see our team numbers are good and respectable. We're moving in the teen season.  So what we feel good about is just the breadth and depth of this business. It's not just leaning on 1 or 2 legs from a strategy standpoint, it really is well positioned going forward. We hear the same thing about demand pull-forward or whatever. We -- doctors aren't talking like that. Remember, the questions back in the third quarter, fourth quarter was backlog, right? How much of this was backlog that wasn't consummated in second quarter, early third quarter. And we got way past that. Obviously, we got into the fourth quarter, whatever.  So I think we're just seeing a realization in the adult and the teen market of what digital orthodontics can do. And our company is very well positioned to take advantage of that when you look throughout the world. John, anything to add?
John Morici: Okay.
Operator: The next question is from Kevin Caliendo from UBS.
Kevin Caliendo: I want to talk a little bit about how to think about seasonality with regards to teens. You typically -- you gear up the summer, it's a big teen season historically. Has there -- do you expect that again next year as sort of back-to-school might be a little more normal? And what -- how should we think about you gearing up for another incremental teen season? What might be different? Any expectations around incremental share for teens? I'd just love to hear the strategy.
Joseph Hogan: Well, I think we have a strategy really based on every region because the teen season is different by region from a calendar standpoint. And doctors apply our technology in different ways with teens. But let's just take U.S. and Canada for a second.  Obviously, in the second quarter, beginning of third quarter, those are the really strong areas where you'll see our advertising program really kick in, in a big way. We talked about the Teen Awesomeness Centers that we put in place. That's with making sure that we have doctors that are really well-equipped to handle teens, and we direct the leads to that teams with confidence that they can be serviced properly.  Overseas, we understand what those timing are for the teens also, and we put those programs together, too. Honestly, Kevin, we have a great portfolio, right? And we can go across teens in a lot of different ways, all the way from 6 year olds, to really older teens when you get to 16 to 19 years old, and the tooth movements associated with those two. So it's just having those doctors ready. It's having the communications with the teens and the moms to make sure they're aware of a digital orthodontic option, and they really ask for that as they go into the doctors. And that's a strategy we apply just in different ways and different seasons around the world, but it specifically applies to teens.
Kevin Caliendo: That's helpful. And one -- just one follow-up on margins. The gross margin number was mentioned. You covered that already. Should we think about any of that flowing down to the operating margin? Or any sort of target for operating margins over the next couple of years? You've historically always looked to spend to grow, and it's always -- you've always been rewarded for it. There's no reason to change. But just thinking sort of where you are now, maybe if you do have a little bit of an uptick in the gross margin that you can let more of it flow through to the operating side. How do you think about that?
John Morici: I think when you look at it -- Kevin, this is John. I mean, we're looking to balance our growth opportunities with our margin. And in certain countries, you might be at different parts of that equation. But on balance, we're pleased with the gross margin. We've talked a lot about the investments, the productivity and other things that we see, and that continues. And it gives us a lot of flexibility to be able to invest.  But in a vastly underpenetrated market that we're in, making these investments to grow volume make a lot of sense to us. But we're always mindful of that balance between volume and margin.
Operator: The next question is from Ravi Misra from Berenberg Capital Markets.
Ravi Misra: So just want to press a little bit more on kind of just some of the marketing opportunities that you're highlighting. And just curious, you have the ski team now, you're talking about the Golden State Warriors. I'm sure Draymond Green is not very happy about that. But just can you help us understand, like, what do you go after when you look at the marketing opportunity? Like in terms of the return that you're searching for the particular brands that you're aligning with? And then I have a follow-up after that.
Joseph Hogan: We do a lot of work on this, just figuring out what channels, what kind of return we get by channel, how much you put in social media, sports team, how much do you put in television. But overall, John and I expect a certain return, and we know what those returns are by region. We invest a dollar here, we know what we get back.  I don't necessarily want to convey exactly what those returns are but we make sure they're positive. And you've seen us increase our advertising pretty dramatically outside the United States. The response for that has been really good. And obviously, we use a lot of what we learned here in North America to apply that around the world.  So Invisalign is an incredibly well-known brand, not just in North America, but all around the world. And being to leverage that and having that as kind of a common name around the world, it's very helpful for us in the sense of driving volumes, giving doctors confidence and patients confidence, too.  So we really feel good about our investments. And obviously, we balance that well with increased salespeople, with technology investments, all the things you have to do when you run a business like this, but it is something that obviously gains a lot of attention and a lot of analysis from us.
Ravi Misra: Great. And then maybe just one on -- on the press release, something caught my eye around your kind of Ortho Summit Case Shoot-out where the highest vote was around kind of a Class II/Class III Invisalign case presentation. Historically, that's been something -- I think maybe -- that unless you're a bleeding edge KOL or doctor that you weren't doing. The fact that, that's kind of winning the kind of peer award now, does that suggest that you're getting deeper into these more complicated cases?  And just more specifically, do you feel that you have an edge versus your competitors in the space that allow you to do this? Or is this kind of a class effect that you think has to do with comfort and ease of use of the technology as a whole?
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Ravi, it's a good question. Look, remember, we have -- we've done, what, we said 10.2 million cases. And through those 10.2 million cases, we've learned a lot, and we learn more every day. And we run AI and machine learning across those cases. And that's how we just launched GA, as we understood and defined cases. We have some issues with posterior open bite and different clinical kind of issues that would bore you to death, but we understand based on millions of cases that we have done, which is the best way to move those teeth to ensure that they end up in the right positions with the right smile at -- obviously, you want to do this as quickly as you possibly can because patients don't want to be in treatment over 5 years.  So I feel we have an incredible advantage. You look at SmartTrack, you look at how we initiate that with over 4 million lines of codes that we have in ClinCheck. You look at the accuracy of iTero in the sense of transferring information through over to our manufacturing facility in order to make this. It's so -- and I feel very confident about a 24-year first-mover advantage on what we've done.  Now obviously, there's competitors out there and competitors are coming up. But a lot of them have to crawl through the friction that we did in order to learn this. And a lot of the IP that we've put down that makes us unique in the sense of how we position ourselves in the marketplace. So back to what you started with, when you do these shoot-outs and all, it's really great to sit in the audience and look at the before and after photos. I mean it's amazing. When I first joined this business, I just said, I -- hard to believe that you can do this.  What's happening today is it's becoming more common. I mean you go all around the world. It was -- it's not 1 or 2 doctors doing this. There's hundreds, if not thousands, that are doing incredible kinds of cases. And so -- which I think that more and more, it just lends credibility to this product line. It can do what we say now 90% of all the cases that are out there. That's not just because it's plastic, right? It is the whole system from how we 3D print, what plastic we use, the algorithms we use, how we constantly tweak it by the information that we have, driving a brand like this, having the kind of training. We talked about 200,000 doctors that we've trained who've gone through these things. This takes time to do, it takes expertise. And doctors need that confidence in understanding. And we feel we can give it to them better than anyone.
John Morici: And that technology is brought about by investments, and we'll invest over $250 million this year alone in R&D to improve our systems and Invisalign for our customers. And that's an advantage. It's an advantage, like Joe said, over a period of time, but we're continuing to invest to make things better and better for our customers.
Operator: The next question is from Richard Newitter from SVB Leerink.
Jaime Morgan: This is Jaime on for Rich. Just one question for me. Appreciating that you guys are obviously focused on driving higher ortho teen utilization, overall GP adoption at the same time. I'm just curious, in your view, which of the 2 is likely to be the bigger make-or-break driver of growth over the near to intermediate term?
Joseph Hogan: You know, it just sounds like a terrible answer to you, but they're both. Really, we talk about 500 million patients out there that could use Invisalign treatment. We know that of the 15 million orthodontic cases, roughly 75% to 80% are teens -- I mean all those -- they're both huge opportunities. And there's not a difference from a technology standpoint or how you apply that technology to either of those that would make one easier to do or more beneficial than another. So honestly, both of those are great reservoirs of growth for us.
Jaime Morgan: Got it. Okay. And then just...
Joseph Hogan: Go ahead, Jaime.
Jaime Morgan: One last one for me, just on the DSO. Kind of the business model and strategy that you guys have for entrenching iTero systems in DSOs across all practices, kind of how do you approach that? And when you do see DSOs where the large majority of their practices have adopt the iTero scanner, what's the sort of pickup that you guys see in terms of utilization?
Joseph Hogan: Well, where you use iTero scanners, you train the doctors properly, you have the right products in a GP channel like iGo and different products like that. We get terrific uptake. I mean, you can't measure it the way you do share a chair at the orthodontic office. But we get -- our DSO business is significant now. It's meaningful that way. And it's one where that digital platform strategy, as you kind of outlined in your question, is what we employ. But again, we employ it in different ways, depending on how a DSO really wants to engage with us.
Operator: Next question is from Jeff Johnson from Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: John, I want to go back. You mentioned the $250 million in R&D. And I think the number we've discussed over the last, I don't know, probably somewhere in the last 6 or 9 months or so, it's like $500 million total of what you guys spend, not only on R&D, but channel support, advertising, social media, all that stuff. And on our mind, that's one of your bigger barriers to entry, even probably more so than some of the IP and what have you.  But it sounds like with some of the stuff, you're taking up EMEA, you're taking up APAC advertising, more and more sports teams and things like that. Is that $500 million number a dated number at this point? Is that barrier to entry and that spend even going well above that number in the near to intermediate term?
John Morici: You will see that. That's a good question, Jeff. We talked about that at our last Investor Day, about the $500 million combined kind of the marketing go-to-market plus the R&D. And what you'll see is as in success. And we've talked about a lot, as you know, where we see returns, where we see volume, where we see profitability, we're going to continue to make those investments. So as we go through this year, that number will most likely go up as we find success in these investments and find that right return.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes. Fair enough. And Joe, I'd be interested. I mean, we saw COVID case counts and restrictions even in the 1Q in some of the markets you called out in EMEA as being so strong, U.K., France. I'm sure some others, you called out other areas. Obviously. India that we're all watching closely, but a lot of other markets as well that are still dealing with COVID case counts and heightened risks there.  Does that even matter to case shipments to Invisalign at this point? I guess what I'm trying to figure out is, is that stuff holding back some volumes that could come through next year? Are we all just with COVID fatigue still comfortable going in and getting Clear Aligner cases even in those markets? So is COVID a risk factor, I guess, that you've had to build in some caution in the guidance for in some of those markets? Or are cases just as strong in those markets as they are in markets where maybe COVID is a little more under control?
Joseph Hogan: Yes. Jeff, it's a good question. It's just what we've seen. There's one definitive. If offices are shut down and patients aren't allowed to go to offices, we saw that. That happened in the second quarter, it happened all around the world. And then the term lockdown is used very loosely all around the world, what's a lockdown and what isn't. The situations like in India right now are a disaster, obviously, and people are very cautious. But the rest of the way around the world, what we see is it looks like communities and people have been able to manage this, okay? Is there any kind of a backlog of patients not going into dental offices because of that? I think in certain countries around the world, there is, but we can't really quantify that right now. And again, the breadth and depth of our demand pattern gives us confidence that we think we can predict around it.
Operator: The next question is from Erin Wright from Crdit Suisse.
Erin Wright: Great. Can you speak a little bit about what you're doing differently in terms of promotions or other initiatives around iTero that's really resonating with customers maybe differently now? And where is the traction mostly tied to, on the ortho or GP channel? And do you anticipate any lumpiness quarter-to-quarter across that business?
Joseph Hogan: Yes. Well, iTero's been great for us, right? You have a good services business there. We announced the Plus series iTero, which is -- Erin, it's a breakthrough. I mean, it sounds like it's a derivative as far as incremental but it is really a strong platform. We talk about the artificial intelligence we've been able to embed in that machine. We see doctors, both on the GP side and the orthodontic side, really excited about it. This is not a promotional discussion in a sense of when you ask your question about how to promote it. There's nothing tricky there. What we do is we have a broad number of products. You have the NIRI product plus, which is the very high end of the product line. Then you have a flex system, which I mentioned in my opening, which is basically a wand itself and it's used with the -- a normal kind of a computer that's adapted to that. And it helps to get flexibility in the sense of what a customer wants to use or a doctor wants to use on both ends.  So I feel it's like how we take this to market, the different products that we have and the different way that we segment that is -- and then, obviously, if you want to do Invisalign, this is the front end, the key end of our digital platform and that's very attractive to both GPs and orthos that really want to do Invisalign. They know that iTero is critical for that.
Operator: The next question is from Brandon Couillard from Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard: John, maybe just a two part question around guidance. The operating margin outlook would suggest your margins kind of moderate a bit over the balance of the year from 1Q levels. Can you sort of elaborate on your expectations for gross margins for the balance of the year? And then what should we -- how should we think about the trend of ASPs over the next few quarters? I'd just leave it there.
John Morici: Yes. Brandon, when we look at -- we're pleased with our gross margin and margins that we had in the first quarter. A lot of things came together on that. When we look at the investments and the growth opportunities we have, we're not giving specific guidance around our gross margin. What you can see as it translates to op margins, it's a reflection of the growth opportunities we have, the investment opportunities that we have to be able to invest and grow in this business. And we can update as we go forward based on what we see.  Your other part of the question regarding kind of ASPs and so on. When you look at -- we have a breakout, and we show that on a regular basis between comprehensive and noncomprehensive. We don't expect any major fluctuation across our ASPs. The only thing that comes up, and we saw it in this quarter a bit was with currency changes. But in terms of the promotions and how we go about the business and how we're trying to drive growth, there's nothing out of the ordinary that would impact ASPs.
Operator: The next question is from John Kreger from William Blair.
John Kreger: I just wanted to follow-up on Jeff's question a bit. So if you move beyond office closures, as you look at certain regions of the world becoming hot spots and then that fading, does that impact demand levels that you're seeing?
Joseph Hogan: It's not a great answer for us, John, it's yes and no, okay? Depending on the severity and where it is, I can say yes. For the most part, we say no. And that's after the second quarter when, again, the definitive piece, if you shut offices down and you won't let patients in there, we're going to have an issue. But actually, after the second quarter, early third quarter, we've been dealing with lockdowns that are basically lockdowns of time frame, lockdowns of where people can travel, but not specific lockdowns of doctor offices. If the market stays away from that, we feel we're pretty good.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, John. Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Ryskin of Bank of America.
Michael Ryskin: I'll just ask a quick one. Sort of want to expand a little bit on the ASP question that was just asked. I'm just wondering, you cited a little bit in your prepared remarks in terms of promotional things like that, discounts. Are you referring specifically to the Advantage program? And if you could talk about how some of the orthos and GPs are falling in with those tiers. Have you seen any movement over the last couple of quarters where people are falling more into the platinum and the diamond grouping there? Kind of also backing into sort of the numbers on utilization between ortho, I've seen some really nice numbers the last couple of quarters. Is that indicative of that, a higher portion of orthos and GPs falling at those higher tiers and therefore, walking in those -- the higher promotional discounts?
John Morici: Yes. Certainly, that is an impact. When you have -- as doctors grow through the tiers, they become more proficient. They had taken on more cases, whether they're on the ortho side or the GP side, we see them work their way through tiers. They do more cases, then we get that volume benefit. And then they'll see those discounts there.  We've had those programs in place. Those programs really help drive utilization and really talk to the utilization growth that you noted there. So those are programs that we've had. They're there to drive utilization, and it's something that we've used in our business and expect to continue to use.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Shirley Stacy for closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your time. We look forward to seeing you or speaking with you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings and events. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact our Investor Relations department. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Align 4Q and Fiscal Year Earnings 2020 Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Shirley Stacy. Thank you, Shirley. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO and John Morici, CFO. We issued fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately one month. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 P.M. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on February 17. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13714292 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation if applicable, and our fourth quarter and full year 2020 conference call slides are on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. And with that, I like turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the fourth quarter and full year, then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments Clear Aligners and Systems and Services. John will provide more detail on our financial results and share additional color on business trends. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. Our fourth quarter was a strong finish to the year with record revenues and volumes from both Invisalign aligners and iTero scanners, as well as increased gross margins, operating margins, EPS and cash flow. Our fourth quarter performance is driven by strong year-over-year growth across customer channels and regions and continued momentum sequentially. During the quarter, we achieved a major milestone in EMEA with the shipment to our 2 millionth Invisalign patient that will be amplified with the EMEA-wide campaign that will launch next month. This milestone from reflects strong acceleration in Invisalign adoption and growth. For Q4, total revenues were $834.5 million, up 13.7% sequentially and up 28.4% year-over-year. Q4 '20 Clear Aligner revenues of $700.7 million were up 12.9% sequentially and increased 28.9% year-over-year. In Q4, we shipped a record 568,000 Invisalign cases, an increase of 14.5% sequentially and 37.3% year-over-year. Q4 reflects increased Invisalign adoption from both adults and teenagers, which were up 36.7% and 38.7% year-over-year respectively. Our Teen and Mom-focused consumer campaign generated 77% year-over-year increase in unique visitors to our website and 76% increase in leads generation. In addition, Invisalign social media influencers like Charli D' Amelio, Marsai Martin, Christina Milian, Tisha Campbell-Martin, Rachel Zoe, Tiffany Ma, and Tahj Mowry continued to deliver exciting new content and increased engagement for the Invisalign brand with consumers and among their millions of followers. Our digital platform continues to gain traction as doctors uses of iTero scanners increase. Our Consumer and Patient app was rolled out to more than 50 markets, resulting in more than a 2.5 times increase in apps download and monthly active users in 2020 versus a year ago. Our patient feature usage continues to increase, for example, Invisalign Virtual appointment was used 68,000 times. Our insurance verification feature was used 26,000 times and more than 30,000 patients enrolled in Invisalign Virtual Care in 2020. Our new consumer website was rolled out to more than 40 markets around the world and is driving increased effectiveness in lead generation. We also launched an improved new doctor recruitment website in the U.S. and Canada to support our digital conversion journey. This will be expanded to other markets in the next few months. From a product perspective, growth was strong across Invisalign portfolio, especially for non-comprehensive cases including Invisalign Go and Invisalign Moderate. There are also more doctors engaging with us through the Align Digital and Practice Transformation or ADAPT program, as more practices are moving towards digital practice optimization. As you'll recall, ADAPT was piloted over two years ago and is being commercialized as a standalone service providing the relevant workforce, clinical and marketing support to enable doctors to digitally transform their practices. In Q4, we shipped a record 77,000 Invisalign doctors worldwide of which a record 7,300 were first time customers. We also trained over 6,400 new docs in Q4, including over 3,900 international doctors. Q4 '20 System and Services revenues of $133.8 million were up 18% sequentially driven by momentum in the Americas and EMEA, and up 26% year-over-year, reflecting strong growth in EMEA and Asia Pacific. Our results reflect continued strong uptake of the iTero Element 5D, the only intraoral scanner with caries detection which is scaling rapidly across each region and represented approximately a third of iTero volumes in Q4. Innovation remains a cornerstone of our business. Today, we announced the availability of the iTero Element Plus Series, which expands our portfolio of iTero Element Scanners in Imaging Systems to include new solutions that serve a broader range of the dental marketplace. The new iTero Element Plus Series of scanners in Imaging Systems builds on the success of the award winning iTero Element family and offers all of the existing orthodontic and restorative digital capabilities doctors have come to rely on, plus faster processing time and advanced visualization capabilities for seamless scanning experience in a new sleek ergonomically designed package. We announced the launch of our next-gen ClinCheck Pro 6.0 proprietary treatment planning software with in-face visualization and our Invisalign G8 improved predictability in our last earnings call we announced. Their availability is being expanded across all regions. Further, we launched several enhancements to our treatment planning, including improved Final teeth position and Auto segmentation. We also added several new features to our Virtual Care tool. For the full year 2020, total net revenues were a record $2.5 billion, up 2.7% year-over-year. Clear Aligner revenues of $2.1 billion were up 3.7% reflecting a record $1.6 million Invisalign shipments and growth of 7.9%. During the year, 30.3% of total Invisalign cases or nearly 500,000 teens or younger started Invisalign treatment. This is up 11.5% from 2019. System and Services revenues were down slightly compared to 2019. 2020 was a year unlike any other that we've experienced. The COVID-19 pandemic and its impact have been life-changing, marked by loss and separation, recovery and renewal, record highs and lows, and significant milestones and accomplishments. Even in a time of huge disruption, we all had to adapt, evaluate priorities and develop new ways of doing things both personally and professionally. Through it all, Align's priority has been the health and well-being of our employees and their families and our doctor, customers and their staff. And that remains a constant. Despite the swift onset of the pandemic and the uncertainty through 2020, we didn't hold our plans or change our strategy for continued growth. We completed the acquisition of exocad, accelerated our investments in marketing to create Invisalign brand awareness and drive consumer demand for our doctors' offices. Accelerated new technology to market with virtual tools that enable our doctors to stay connected with their patients, provided PPE to those in need and supported doctors and their teams with online education and digital forums that went beyond products to help them navigate the uncertainties of the pandemic. As a result of our continued strategic focus and investments, we exited the year stronger than we started and 2021 is off to a great start. Now, let's turn to the specifics around our fourth quarter starting with the Americas. With the Americas region, Q4 Invisalign case volume was up 12.7% sequentially and up 34.1% year-over-year, reflecting increased utilization of Invisalign treatment for both orthodontic and GP channels. Our continued investments in digital marketing and sales programs and focus on market segmentation are helping drive strong growth of Invisalign Clear Aligners and iTero products. During the quarter, we continued offering sales initiatives to our doctor partners to help drive adoption of Invisalign and iTero products. The Bracket BuyBack Switch program, which we launched in North America in Q2 '20 continues to drive conversion from wires and brackets to Invisalign clear aligners. During Q4, this program resulting -- has resulted in about 10,000 new cases similar to Q3. We believe this is also causing a halo effect with patients switching from wires and brackets to Invisalign clear aligners with increased awareness of the benefits of Invisalign treatment and how it is less disruptive to their lives with the outcome of a beautiful smile through an Invisalign trained doctor. The Teen Awesomeness Centers programs direct patients to Invisalign doctors who are experts at treating teens and are seen as the go-to docs for treatment. We continue to see growth with Invisalign First for treatment in younger kids driving increased comprehensive treatments within North America Ortho channel. Latin American volume was also up year-over-year, led by strong growth in Brazil and Mexico. We believe the market for orthodontic treatment is huge in Latin America as we continue to grow our presence across the region. We saw increased utilization in the GP channel with Invisalign Go and the continued adoption of Moderate. The GP Accelerator program designed exclusively for general practitioner dentist provides an all-encompassing support plan based on practice needs that is centered around maximizing iTero integration, clinical support needs, and implementing new marketing strategies. We also see increased utilization with GP dentists that have enrolled in the iPro program as well as with doctors that have installed the iTero scanner. DSO utilization also increased and continues to be a strong growth driver led by Heartland and Smile Docs. For the full year, Americas Invisalign volume was up 3.6% For our International business, Q4 Invisalign case volume was up sequentially 6.7% [ph], led by a strong growth in EMEA as doctors returned from summer holiday season, offset somewhat by seasonally slower period in China. On a year-over-year basis, International shipments were up 41.1%, reflecting increases throughout both EMEA and APAC. For the full year, International Invisalign volume was up 13.3%. For EMEA, Q4 volumes were up sequentially 47.9% and 48.3% on a year-over-year basis across all markets, with strong performance across both Ortho and GP channels. Within the GP channel specifically, we saw acceleration in both utilization and shipments with Invisalign Go. We also saw acceleration in both core and expansion markets, with growth in our core markets, led by Iberia, UK and France, along with continued growth in our expansion markets, led by Central and Eastern Europe and the Benelux. We introduced the Ortho Recovery 360 Program in EMEA last quarter to support our orthodontists as they started reopening their businesses. As of Q4, 3,200 orthodontists have enrolled in the program. During the quarter, we launched the Recovery II Program with a refreshed website featuring all digital tools, growth programs and education events for EMEA doctors to support their relief efforts during COVID-19. We also held our Digital Innovation Forum at the beginning of December where approximately 900 doctors, both Ortho and GP, attended the two-day forum event with keynotes on the digitization of dental practices. We also continued our Digital Excellence Series of webinars launched by the iTero team. Throughout the quarter, the following digital innovations were also launched across EMEA, Invisalign G8, ClinCheck Pro 6.0 and Invisalign Go Plus, to help drive Invisalign clear aligner utilization. To support our GP doctors, we launched our GP Recovery 360 program last quarter, with over 2,700 GPs enrolled so far. We continued to offer online and on-demand education events, which reached over 15,000 GPs cumulatively. For the full year, EMEA Invisalign volume was up 12.6%. For APAC, Q4 volumes were down sequentially 14.7%. Notwithstanding typical Q4 seasonality in China, following a strong Q3, we had strong growth in Japan and ANZ and Southeast Asia. On a year-over-year basis, APAC was up 30% compared to the prior year, reflecting continued strong growth across the region. We were pleased to see growth in the Adult segment with non-comprehensive cases with the Invisalign Moderate product in the GP channel. In the Teen segment, we also saw an increase in utilization amongst Invisalign doctors and we saw continued acceleration from Japan and ANZ. For the full year, APAC Invisalign volume was up 14.3.%. Last year, we launched a new and improved digital learning environment for our doctors offering a comprehensive learning platform with role-specific content for orthos, GPs and their teams. The improved functionality enables more online learning opportunities with spotlight features for what's trending now, recommended learning path based on doctors' experiences, and expanded categories including digital treatment planning, comprehensive dentistry, and team education. For the year, over 127,000 doctors have accessed recorded lectures, completed self-paced learning modules, and watched how-to videos, with new certified doctors viewing more than 1.4 million pages of content. Among the ortho channel, over 47,000 unique users have engaged with the digital learning site with an additional 80,000 unique users from the GP channel. As we've mentioned, we are seeing good adoption of the ADAPT program, which is an expert and independent fee-based business consulting service offered by Align to optimize clinics' operational workflow and processes to enhance patient experience and customer and staff satisfaction, which will in turn translate into higher growth and greater efficiencies for orthodontic practices. As a result, the ADAPT service participating practices in Q4 improved profitability significantly after implementation. Our consumer marketing is focused on capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles, educating consumers about the Invisalign system and driving that demand to our Invisalign doctor offices. In Q4, we saw strong digital engagement globally with more than 77% increase in unique visitors, 108% increase in doc locator searches and 76% increase in leads created, driven by our global adult and mom-focused campaigns and teen-focused influencer content. Our US Mom/Teen multi-touch multimillion dollar campaign with influencer-led YouTube videos, a mom-focused TV spot, a custom Twitch activation, and mega teen sensation Charli D'Amelio continued to perform very well and garnered 2.7 billion impressions in Q4. The statistics I shared previously speak to the successful reach of this marketing campaign is having to not only drive demand with consumers, but also in educating them on the benefits of Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. In Q4, we also launched media tests in the EMEA region in the UK, Germany and France and in the APAC region in Australia and Japan. These have worked very well and resulted in a more than six-times increase in leads in EMEA and a 3-times increase in leads in APAC. Several key metrics that show increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand are included in our Q4 quarterly presentation slides available on our website. Align is always looking for new opportunities to reach consumers and be relevant to potential patients wherever they work, live, and play, which is why we announced that the Invisalign brand is the Official Clear Aligner Sponsor of the National Football League, the NFL, and 11 NFL teams, including the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Kansas City Chiefs. The NFL league partnership, designed to expand our reach with consumers, generated over 150 million impressions in 2020, helping to drive awareness of Invisalign clear aligner treatment at a national level, while the team agreements are designed to help us engage within key markets and connect consumers with doctors in those markets. For our Systems and Services business, Q4 revenues were up 18% sequentially due to higher shipments and services revenues. We continued to see momentum with the iTero Element 5D Imaging System, gaining traction in all regions with significant Element Flex sales in EMEA. On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services revenues were up 26% due to higher shipments and services. For the year, our Systems and Services total revenues were down 2.8% year-over-year. Cumulatively, over 31.4 million orthodontic scans and 6.7 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners. For Q4, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to 84% from 79.5% in Q4 last year. International scans increased to 73.7%, up from 64.7% in the same quarter last year. We're pleased to see that within the Americas 94.8% of cases submitted by North American orthodontists were submitted digitally. We're also proud to share that iTero Element intraoral scanners are the winners of the 2020 Dentaltown Townie Choice Award for Digital Impressioning category. Also, during the quarter, the National Association of Dental Laboratories judging panel selected the iTero Element 5D as the winner of the 2020 Journal of Dental Technology WOW! Award. The award represents the recognition of our commitment to enhancing patient engagement and communications that support efficient laboratory production. For exocad, during the quarter we launched two of the largest software releases in history, DentalCAD and exoplan. DentalCAD3.0 Galway includes over 90 new features and over 80 enhanced functionalities with significant improvements to reduce design time, such as Instant Anatomic Morphing. exoplan 3.0 Galway includes over 40 new features and over 60 enhanced functionalities that support planning of edentulous cases, including the design of surgical guides. During the quarter, exocad also added two new large implant manufacturers as OEMs for exoplan in Brazil. With that, I'll now turn it over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q4 financial results. Total revenues for the fourth quarter were $834.5 million, up 13.7% from the prior quarter and up 28.4% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. For Clear Aligners, Q4 revenues of $700.7 million were up 12.9% sequentially and up 28.9% year-over-year reflecting Invisalign volume growth in all regions, partially offset by lower ASPs. Clear Aligner revenues growth was favorably impacted by foreign exchange of approximately $5 million or approximately 0.8 points sequentially and on a year-over-year basis by approximately $10.3 million or approximately 1.9 points. Q4 Invisalign ASPs were down sequentially $15 primarily due to increased revenue deferrals related to a higher mix of new cases versus additional aligners, partially offset by favorable foreign exchange, and lower promotional discounts. As we mentioned last quarter, we did not implement a price increase in 2020 given our continued commitment to helping our customers in their recovery efforts during the pandemic. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 Invisalign ASPs decreased approximately $75 primarily due to our decision not to raise prices last summer, increased revenue deferrals for new cases versus additional aligners, and higher promotional discounts, partially offset by favorable foreign exchange. As a result, clear aligner deferred revenue on the balance sheet increased $83 million sequentially and $195 million year-over-year and will be recognized as the additional aligners are shipped. Total Q4 Clear Aligner shipments of 568,000 cases were up 14.5% sequentially and up 37.3% year-over-year. Our System and Services revenues for the fourth quarter was $133.8 million, up 18% sequentially due to an increase in scanner sales and increased services revenues from our larger installed base and higher ASPs. Year-over-year System and Services revenue was up 26% due to higher scanner sales, services revenue, and the inclusion of exocad's CAD/CAM services, partially offset by lower scanner ASPs. Imaging Systems and CAD/CAM Services deferred revenue was up 30% sequentially and up 69% year-over-year primarily due to the increase in scanner sales and the deferral of service revenues, which will be recognized ratably over the service period. Moving on to gross margin. Fourth quarter overall gross margin was 73.2%, up 0.4 points sequentially and up 0.5 points year-over-year. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation expense and amortization of intangibles related to exocad, overall gross margin was 73.6% for the fourth quarter, up 0.3 points sequentially and up 0.7 points year-over-year. Clear Aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 74.9%, up 0.1 point sequentially due to lower additional aligner volume, partially offset by higher warranty, other manufacturing costs and lower ASPs. Clear Aligner gross margin was up 0.7 points year-over-year primarily due to favorable product mix from increased iTero scanner absorption as a result of increased manufacturing volumes partially offset by lower ASPs, higher warranty costs and other manufacturing costs. Systems and Services gross margin for the fourth quarter was 64.2%, up 2.2 points sequentially primarily due to higher ASPs and increased manufacturing efficiencies from higher productions volumes. Systems and Services gross margin was down 0.7 points year-over-year due to lower ASPs, higher freight and other manufacturing costs partially offset by higher services revenue. Q4 operating expenses were $397.3 million, up sequentially 11.3% and up 23.8% year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating expenses is due to increased marketing and media spend and spending commensurate with business growth. Year-over-year, operating expenses increased by $76.5 million, reflecting our continued investment in sales and marketing, R&D activities, and manufacturing operations. On a non-GAAP basis, operating expenses were $372.3 million, up sequentially 12.1% and up 23.4% year-over-year due to the reasons as described earlier. Our fourth quarter operating income of $213.2 million resulted in an operating margin of 25.5%, up 1.4 points sequentially and up 2.3 points year-over-year. The sequential and year-over-year increases in operating income and the operating margin are primarily attributed to higher gross margin and operating leverage. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles related to exocad, and acquisition-related costs, operating margin for the fourth quarter was 28.9%, up 0.9 points sequentially, and up 2.5 points year-over-year. Interest and other income and expense, net for the fourth quarter, was a benefit of $1.4 million, primarily driven by favorable foreign exchange. With regards to the fourth quarter tax provision, our GAAP tax rate was 25.9% which includes tax benefits of approximately $11 million related to adjustments in prior years' unrecognized tax positions. The fourth quarter tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was 14.5% compared to 16.6% in prior quarter and 20.9% in the same quarter a year ago. The fourth quarter non-GAAP tax rate was lower than the third quarter's rate primarily due to the reason previously stated. Fourth quarter net income per diluted share was $2.00, up $0.24 sequentially and up $0.47 compared to the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.61 for the fourth quarter, up $0.37 sequentially and up $0.85 year-over-year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2020, cash and cash equivalents were $960.8 million, an increase of approximately $345.3 million from the prior quarter, which is primarily due to higher cash flow from operations. Of our $960.8 million of cash and cash equivalents, $548.3 million was held in the U.S. and $412.5 million was held by our International entities. Q4 accounts receivable balance was $657.7 million, up approximately 5% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 71 days, down approximately 6 days sequentially and down approximately 5 days as compared to Q4 last year due to strong cash collections. Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $381.4 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $53.2 million, primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $328.3 million. Under our May 2018 Repurchase Program, we have $100 million still available for repurchase of our common stock. Before we move to the outlook, I would like to make a few comments on the full year 2020 results. In 2020, we shipped a record 1.6 million Invisalign cases, up 7.9% year-over-year. This reflects 13.3% volume growth from our International doctors and 3.6% volume growth from our Americas doctors. System and Services volumes were down 12% compared to 2019, reflecting the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on equipment sales. Total revenue was a record $2.5 billion, up 2.7% year-over-year, with Clear Aligner revenues a record $2.1 billion, up 3.7% year-over-year. 2020 Systems and Services revenues were $370.5 million, including exocad revenues from April 1, 2020 forward compared to $381 million in 2019. Full year 2020 operating income of $387.2 million, down 28.6% versus 2019 and operating margin at 15.7% versus 22.5% in 2019. 2019 operating income included a litigation benefit of $51 million and Invisalign Store closures of $23 million for a net benefit on operating margin of 1.1%. With regards to a full year tax provision, our GAAP tax rate was negative 368.6%, which includes a one-time tax benefit of approximately $1.5 billion, net of current year amortization, associated with the recognition of a deferred tax asset related to an intra-entity sale of certain intellectual property rights resulting from our corporate structure reorganization completed in the first quarter of 2020. Excluding the tax benefit related to our corporate structure reorganization and the related tax effects of stock-based compensation and other non-GAAP adjustments, the full year tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was 17.6% compared to 22% for 2019. 2020 diluted EPS was $22.41. On a non-GAAP basis, 2020 diluted EPS was $5.25. Free cash flow was $507.3 million for 2020, down $90.3 million versus 2019. Now, let me turn to our outlook. Overall, we are very pleased with our Q4 performance and the strong momentum in our business, which has continued through January for both Clear Aligners and Systems and Services. As we discussed at our Investor day in November, we are committed to making significant investments to drive growth and we are seeing good return on these investments across all regions and customer channels. These strong returns give us confidence to continue investing in sales, marketing, innovation and manufacturing capacity to accelerate adoption in a huge, underpenetrated market. These investments coupled with typically higher seasonal operating expenses as a percentage of revenue are expected to result in a sequentially lower operating margin percent in Q1 as we have historically seen. While the global environment surrounding the pandemic remains uncertain, we will continue to focus on what we can control and we are confident in our ability to continue to execute. Our responsibility is to continue driving innovation and delivering on the needs of our customer doctors and their patients. Over the past 24 years, Align has invested billions in technology, innovation, consumer marketing and demand creation to connect millions of consumers with our doctor customers. We will continue to invest in this business to drive demand and to drive adoption of the Align Digital Platform, including manufacturing and operational expansion. We will always be responsible. Just like we've done in the past, we make investments to drive growth and maximize ROI. We remain committed to our long-term target model of 20% to 30% revenue growth for Clear Aligners and Systems and Services, and operating margin of 25% to 30%. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, John. The choices we made in 2020, to protect employees, support customers, and press forward on our strategy for growth, were possible because of the strength of our balance sheet and the confidence we have in our business model. Our actions reflect our conviction in the enormous opportunity we have to transform smiles and change lives. With 15 million orthodontic cases starts annually and more than 500 million consumers who can benefit from a better smile, the market for digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry is massive and has been unleashed by the need for digital. In a macro sense, COVID-19 has accentuated the benefits and pervasiveness of the digital economy. From an Align standpoint, practices across every region are embracing digital treatment in new ways and more purposefully than ever before. Invisalign providers are using our virtual tools to minimize in-office appointments and deliver doctor-directed, personalized treatment that meets the needs of the moment and that will reshape the future of treatment. Digital acceleration is not just around Invisalign treatment. It includes digital workflows around iTero scanners and general dentistry. Doctors tell us that the iTero scanner is central to their practice and their practice workflows, and it is key to driving digital treatment. We've always known this, iTero and now exocad are core components of the Align Digital Platform, our integrated suite of unique, proprietary technologies and services delivered as a seamless, end-to-end solution for patients and consumers, orthodontists and GP dentists, and lab partners. And particularly, we now have all the building blocks to create digital workflows, leveraging the combined power of Invisalign treatment, iTero scanners, and exocad software to become more relevant to the GP market, which is critical to accessing the 500 million consumer opportunity. Align is a growth business with huge opportunities, but the environment remains uncertain due to COVID-19. Our plan is still to counter uncertainty by staying focused on our long-term strategy, living our values, supporting our employees and customers, and keeping in mind the demand drivers we've identified over the past year, the re-direction of disposable income for many consumers, channel focus that allows us to reach and support a wider range of customers within each channel. And most importantly, the digital mindset that's taking hold with more and more of our customers and that we are supporting through innovative products and programs that can help support their digital transformation. We are not ignoring the reality of COVID-19 and how long it may be part of our lives, but we're also not going to stop driving the business forward for the good of customers and their patients, our employees, and our stakeholders. In closing, I want to leave you with a few thoughts as we begin the new year. While there is considerable amount of turmoil in the world, our focus is on what we can control as a company. We have strong momentum. We'll stay focused on our strategic priorities, international expansion, patient demand and conversion, orthodontist utilization, and GP dentist treatment. In summary, we are very pleased with the fourth quarter and full year results of 2020, during a remarkable year with events beyond our control as a result of COVID-19. It is during times such as this when having a solid strategy combined with focused execution can lead to outcomes that support growth, not only for Align's business but also practice growth for Align's customers which also leads to more and more Invisalign smiles. With that, turn it over to the operator and we'll take calls.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from Ravi Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ravi Misra: Hi. Thanks for the question. Hi. How are you?
Joe Hogan: Good.
Ravi Misra: Happy New Year. So I just wanted to maybe start on -- I'll let the others maybe talk about the quarterly trends, but one of the things that kind of stood out to me was you're driving extremely strong volume growth amidst what's kind of a stable to slightly declining pricing environment. Just curious, first, when do you think you'll be able to go back to the kind of prior model where you're able to take pricing? Is that still in the cards? And then secondly, I think the teen market is an area that we've kind of always been looking at as the next leg of growth, the kind of huge market that's out there. And you're talking about some of the conversion and the lead generations. Can you help us understand kind of the conversion rates around the leads that you generate in terms of timing and how long this takes to get the ROI that is put into the advertisements that you're putting out there?
Joe Hogan: Ravi, first of all, I guess, your first question is on average selling prices. We try to communicate this as strongly as we can is to keep your eyes on gross margin, because we have huge mix, whether it's international mix or it's product mix, you see a lot of progress in iGo and products like Moderate and Invisalign First in those products. The carry actually lower average selling prices, but higher margins, and so you can often mix up on those things. So I'd say as we keep emphasizing is don't be overly concerned about ASPs or focused on ASPs. Like John said, we didn't increase ASPs this year because we're interested in supporting our customers and making sure that this is difficult -- a really difficult transition for many practices right now and instituting a price increase just wouldn't have been responsible in that sense. But at the same time, we drove incredible productivity across the business and we're able to show those kind of gross margins. So I hope you and the rest of the analysts community out there can actually see that. We've been talking about this for a few years, but actually taking place. On the teen side and the conversions from an advertising standpoint, I mean, we come out just from a lot of different ways and a lot of different areas. And we -- if we are going to start teen season, you really have to start in February in the United States and you have to really work through a lot of different aspects of social media. You advertise differently for moms and you do teens and different things like that. So I can't give you a correlation coefficient in the sense of here we invest and how much we get back, but we understand as well as a business, we've been doing it for years. We understand the timing of it. And more and more we become more specific on the social advertising pieces and how to implement that properly. And John, do you have anything you want to add?
John Morici: No. As you said, I mean, it's -- there's others that are in the equation. You have to reach the teen, as Joe described, and we talked about social influencers and so on. You have to reach the parents and we try that. And then also have the right formula with the doctors. So getting those three to think about going into treatment is really the key.
Ravi Misra: Okay. Then maybe one last one if I can ask one more, just on the reopening and vaccination progress and kind of volumes. How are you guys kind of thinking about the consumer spending environment as the options that the patient is going to have start increasing. I mean is that going to require more investment here in the near term or do you think kind of where we're at a baseline where you've kind of gotten the ramp where things are starting to really click here with the advertising that you're doing as is? Thank you.
John Morici: Yes, Ravi, it's a good question. I mean, look, we're always looking to maximize our return on investment. We talk about that to grow in this vastly underpenetrated market. In some countries like in the U.S., it's just a matter of refining how we spend. We talked about the influencers, talked about NFL and other things. And in other countries, we've really started spending some of that consumer advertising and we see a great response and we see a strong return. And those are areas that, as we see that response, we see it turn into volume, those are areas that will continue. So we're always looking at return on investment and we'll find ways to be able to grow our volume that way.
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Ravi.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Hey, Joe. Good afternoon. Joe, you mentioned 2021 is off to a great start. From 2015 to 2019, so I'm sort of isolating pre-COVID management guidance for 1Q cases, the guidance for 1Q cases were up pretty consistently, just low single-digits off of what you did in the fourth quarter. And I guess where I'm going with this is at a high level, what's the expectation for case growth sequentially? And I'm just trying to level set as the back part of 2020 likely benefited from some pent-up demand. So just how we should think about the trend line, if you would, into the early part of 2021?
Joe Hogan: Jon, I'll let John have the specifics. I would just tell you that January was a really strong orders quarter, so that momentum really continues.
John Morici: And look, Jon, I think as we've said it, we're controlling what we can control, making investments that help drive this business. We look at -- as Joe said, we felt really good about how we exited Q4. We saw that in January as well, and we don't want to guide. We basically haven't because there is things that are outside of our control. And we'll leave that as it is. What we're trying to give you is kind of the latest information without projecting forward.
Jon Block: Okay, fair enough. And I'll ask a quick two-part for the second one. EMEA was just gangbusters, I mean, it was up 48% of a 32% comp, shout out to Markus, but anything to call out there? I mean, the number was huge. And then the second part is teen up almost 40%, Joe. What do you think the underlying ortho market was growing? Where I'm going with this is just your conviction of sort of maybe a type of inflection point, if you would, with teen's share of share. Thanks, guys.
Joe Hogan: Jon, I appreciate you bringing up EMEA, I mean, that was just an amazing performance when you see that. I've been doing business in Europe since I was 30 years and you see growth like that by countries, it's amazing. And I think that, to me, that was really a story on the fourth quarter too was the breadth of that growth. It wasn't just North America. It wasn't just Asia. It was deep across segments, across GPs, across orthos. So Jon, I'm not ready to talk about an inflection point. All I can say is when you think about, we had 77,000 doctors that ordered that I talked about in my script. And then 7,200 to 7,300 more doctors, that's 10% more doctors, that's a record for us too. So we see Invisalign, this digital treatment really catching on in a big way and it's meaningful. Look, we're gearing up for it. We're obviously advertising to drive that demand and will stay focused on just executing, Jon, right now.
Jon Block: Thanks, guys.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Jon. Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi. Thanks for the time here, guys. I wanted to try to understand a little bit better the relationship between some of the things that you flagged, John, in your prepared remarks as it relates to deferrals and ASP. I certainly agree with the view that gross margins are really the critical metric, but I'm sure we're going to get a lot of questions about ASP tonight and over the next couple of days. So I wonder if you could help us understand a little bit more deeply, one, why we'd be seeing more deferred revenue here both on aligners and scanners? And what's the relationship to ASP and do we see that reverse?
John Morici: Yes, Steve, the basic way to think about this as we look at our revenue, we've got revenue on a new case that we ship out. And there is a certain amount that you recognize on that shipment based on our rev rec. And then there is a certain amount for future aligners or future modifications that are needed. That will be deferred revenue. And then you also get into your revenue so that those deferrals that you've made for maybe previous quarters or even previous year that as they -- that doctor needs to use that additional lines, you're going to get revenue for that. When you have a mix like we have, where there is much more, there is this demand for future volume for new cases, you get a mix where we just have a lot more as a percentage of new cases and that's what impacts ASPs. When we look at that from a margin standpoint, it's margin accretive. We're getting as new cases. Many of the cases that we get back from a deferred revenue standpoint where there's refinements we just don't make as much margin on that. You get the deferred revenue, but you don't get as much of the margin. So there is those dynamics that we have. We saw just when you have a significant volume increase like we saw in our third and fourth quarter.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. Thank you, John. And then I wanted to follow-up about the GP channel. GP has been just gangbusters here lately. I wonder if I could try to understand that a little bit more deeply. One is do you think it continues to grow at the sort of clip relative to the ortho channel? Maybe two, do you think exocad has been a driver of incremental growth in that channel at this point? And then lastly, should we think about the shift to DSOs being a variable one way or another. And I apologize for my kids screaming in the background.
Joe Hogan: That's the life we live now, Steve. We understand. It happens on and off like every call. From a GP channel standpoint, I mean, three years ago when we first started segmenting in Europe and now we are doing in the States and we do it all over the world. And then we introduced products like iGo that were specific to it. And just a salesforce that can communicate with GPs because it's a different conversation than with orthos. Yes, I can't tell you where it's going, but when we talk about that 500 million patients like I did in my script, that's where they are, and that's where you touch them. I mean, it's a different. It's not a big teen market. It's a lot of adults. But it has to have a workflow that's specific to a GP. And that's why we drive their products, that's why iTero is so important from a front-end standpoint. Your question on exocad is, we think that's going to be a big GP driver for us. It is a big legitimate piece for us, but I don't think it's adding to volume right now. We're just rolling out these new products. We're just starting to integrate that kind of software code into iTero and into our programs and that's certainly will drive increased penetration in the future.
Steve Beuchaw: Got it. Thank you so much for all the perspective here.
John Morici: Yes. Thanks, Steve.
Shirley Stacy: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird & Co. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good evening, guys. Hey, Joe. I wanted to start with -- I know it's tough and maybe there is not even a way to do it, but any way to think about especially over the last two quarters, how much of this patient volume has been backlog versus the zoom effect versus true kind of accelerating penetration of clear aligners versus brackets and wires. Just is there any way to bucket or any metrics you're looking at that tells you this is truly kind of that secular uptick we've all been waiting for versus backlog and some of the zoom effect?
Joe Hogan: I think as we get further and further from the second quarter obviously the backlog question becomes less and less as part of the noise of the structure, right. I feel a lot of analysts, Jeff, they wonder, hey, we had a great third quarter obviously and it was, well, how much of that was really the second quarter that's rolled into the third. We really don't know what that was. We don't. And our doctors don't know it either as we talk to them. The fourth obviously had less of that. And we really felt good about our orders in January too. So I think we're really moving away from that question here soon. The number of docs like I just quoted with over 7,000 new docs ordering from us, 77,000 in total shows you the breadth of what's going on. And what's really struck me in this entire thing too, Jeff, is really this is not just United States, this is all over the world. It's Latin America, it's APAC. It's tremendous growth in Japan and ANZ and traditional markets, in China, in Europe. So there is breadth to this and then the segments we talked about, both GPs and orthos. So look, there have been backlog in the third quarter. There has to be some backlog in the fourth quarter or whatever. But we don't think that's the overriding story here.
Jeff Johnson: Yes, that's fair. And then one other kind of maybe more a conceptual question. Just as I think about -- I think about it through your Advantages program, but are you seeing doctors that are the high volume guys, the Platinum guys moving up to Diamond and Double Diamond? Is it the lower Bronze or Gold guys moving up to Platinum? Does it matter to you which it is? But more importantly conceptually, is it getting those low volume guys to really go all in here or the high volume guys to convert completely to Invisalign? And I'm sure you're going to tell me it's a mix of both of that, but just kind of what you're seeing would be helpful there on your own customer base.
Joe Hogan: Yes. You helped me answer that question, Jeff, it is a mix. But it is really broad. I mean, we see in the Bronze accounts and Golds and all the way to Diamond and Diamond Plus. And we see growth in all those segments. And I think it's kind of logical, right. The people that know how to do digital are going to expand on it, because digital really allows them to function in this COVID environment in a way that allows them fewer customer touches and they can actually carry on their practices in a normal way. Other doctors actually see the advantages of that. They have patients asking for them. And they start to move toward a digital kind of a platform. And overall, again, it's a breadth discussion. It's not just one area, it's not just one country, it's not one segment of the Advantage program. We just weren't seeing adoption across the board. And John, anything to add on that?
John Morici: I'd echo this, the breadth. I mean, you have new doctors, like Joe said, 7,000 new doctors that come in with and want to do cases that come into our ecosystem and start cases. You see doctors who have done just a few cases really start to accelerate and then at the top of the pyramid, you have people that are doing a lot of cases and they do even more cases. So that's part of when we talk about the breadth of this growth and what makes it excited. And it's like Joe said, not just a U.S. phenomena, it's pretty much everywhere.
Joe Hogan: And Jeff, I think the last thing you said is do you care which I thought was kind of interesting is like we really don't care. We just want to serve the doctors who want to work with us. We see this market -- we talk about how large this market is and how under-penetrated it is. And we just want to see wherever that growth is, that's great. It's on the low end, that's terrific. It's on the high end, that's terrific. We set this company up to be able to service either side to work well with them.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. I appreciate the comments.
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. Hey, Joe. I always thought -- obviously the -- one of the many nice parts of the quarter was the scanner and CAD/CAM revenue. Can you talk a little bit about what you sort of see as market growth there? Like where are you taking share? Is it in the GP, more on the ortho channel? Is it orthodontists adding their third scanner? Is it people finally saying, yes, I'll go digital? Obviously, the total number of cases submitted digitally was very high. Any other color you could provide there would be really helpful.
Joe Hogan: Elizabeth, you could work for us, okay. You kind of described exactly how that demand is, it's coming from all these different places. And a lot of it when you say where you're taking share, a lot of is just analog share. There is so much in dentistry is still just completely analog. They're still doing impression and different pieces. And so it's the growth has been tremendous in that sense. Your question about orthodontists that start to move up into a significant part of their practice being Invisalign, you'll see -- you see a scanner at every chair. And they use these things are constantly. It's part of what they do. What we see on the GP segment is the communication tool ends up being the scanner in the front of the scanner. Because you know in the past, they'd hold up a mirror and say, can you see that, that second molar back there and you'd say, yes, but you really couldn't, right. Now, you throw it on a screen. It's live, you can see exactly what's going on. It becomes an incredible patient-communication tool in a sense of where is your dentist and what needs to be done and helps to convince patients of what the doctor wants to do and the validity of that kind of treatment. So this is where dentistry is going. And when you look at iTero, it is arguably the highest performing scanner in the world, the speed of it, the exactness of it, color rendering, and also with NIRI technology to be able to see caries or cavities is a real benefit, even to orthodontists who want to make sure that before you start the treatment that dentition is in good enough shape to able to except that kind of movement. So that's just -- this is the time for digitization inside of dentistry and iTero plays a big role in that and it front-ends our digital platform.
John Morici: Especially in a COVID environment, given the fact that you don't want to have as much time for impressions and so on and you want to be able to have something that's fast and really be part of that digital workflow, this iTero lends itself well.
Joe Hogan: Yes.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay, that's super helpful. And Joe, sort of like to just follow up more a housekeeping question. One, obviously you announced the new products today and I imagine that that's something you'll be talking about in sort of the virtual Chicago Midwinter and what you would have discussed a lot of it IDS. Is there anything we should keep in mind in terms of the ramp of sort of new products or impacts from IDS moving to the back half of the year? And then on the other side, obviously we saw your announcement about the move to Arizona. Sounds exciting. I just didn't know if that had any impact in terms of something we should model in on taxes or anything else just to touch on that as well.
John Morici: Yes, I think I can answer the tax piece of it. No, really not a tax impact. It really came down to when we look at the campus that we have in San Jose and the expansion that we have from a technology center, we become space constraint. And so we want to keep that technology center, that innovation center in San Jose and expand that out and add more to help with that innovation. And then moving to here in Tempe for kind of that head office just made sense to us.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay, thanks.
Joe Hogan: Yes, it is upon the new product pieces. Keep in mind we talked about we spend $500 million a year on advertising and also new product development, you'll see a lot of new products. We don't pace ourselves on those introductions based on IDS. And that's why we obviously announced the new iTero scanner. We talked about the new 6.0 software that we have. A lot of changes to FiPos, it's our final positioning aspect to dentition. We had the Plus product from iGo, the in-face visualization. This is a digital business that requires constant iterations in products. And obviously Midwinter and those things are great places to highlight it. But our innovation, we looked at it agile, not waterfall anymore. In the sense, waterfall used to be invent during the year, release one period of the year. More and more, you'll see us just monthly just rolling out new products as we adapt to a more kind of an agile philosophy of development than a waterfall type of -- if that's what you're asking, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Anderson: Makes total sense. Thank you so much.
Joe Hogan: Yes. You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Newitter with SVB Leerink. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Newitter: Hi, thank you for taking the questions. Just maybe to start off the Switch program, which has fairly been extremely successful for you. I'm curious to know how much more runway there is associated program, and maybe if you could just comment on kind of how you're at least thinking about that from your internal modeling?
Joe Hogan: Yes, look, I think it has a huge amount of breadth to it. I mean, it's not just U.S. We started this in Japan actually years ago and introduced in the United States. And you think about -- it's just a great winner, detaching those wires and brackets from people's teeth using Invisalign, understanding, like we said, in our script, is how much more simple it is and better for people and comfortable for people to go with our product line. So we think it's -- we have a lot of room to grow and we're going to keep supporting it.
John Morici: Yes. And Rich, it's John. I mean, we are always looking at those types of promotions for an ROI. And in these cases, many cases looking at it from an incremental standpoint, nothing could be more incremental than it was glued onto someone's teeth and now they come off and they go to Invisalign. So we like those dynamics there. It sends a great message. And those people who had wires and brackets on their teeth can talk about their experience with Invisalign. So there is a lot of positives to it, as Joe said, it started in Japan. And we've seen great success in the U.S. and we look to other places as well.
Richard Newitter: Got it. Helpful. And Joe, you said a few times how encouraging the trends have been in January. I'm just curious, understanding it's only one month, but how well is the growth, if the trend that you're seeing now were to whole kind of for a good portion of the year, where in your long-term kind of long-range plan of 20% to 30% do you think you'd be falling towards the mid to upper end? I'm just trying to get a sense for kind of what do you think in there?
Joe Hogan: Nice try, Richard. Look, we're very committed to our long-term growth model 20% to 30%. That's really all I can say right now. Rich, we're in a really uncertain environment. We're happy about January. It is why we're not giving guidance. It's -- we're all living with volatility right now and we'll just continue to execute and keep our heads down, but we're committed to that 20% to 30% growth model that we've been talking about for several years.
Richard Newitter: Okay, thanks. Thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John Kreger: Hey, Joe. Just sticking with that answer, you were obviously above that in terms of volumes in the fourth quarter. How do you feel about your ability to deliver on that if the order flow were sustained? In terms of fabrication and fulfillment, how are those metrics holding up at this point?
Joe Hogan: Our supply chains, we try to keep ahead in that sense. So, I feel we have adequate plans and capacity right now to be able to handle the surge in demand.
John Kreger: Great. Okay. And then, John, I think you've talked about in the past a reasonable assumption is kind of a flattish ASP, and realized there's a lot of puts and takes. But is that still a reasonable kind of planning thing for us? Or are you guys thinking less on the pricing front, and, therefore, maybe more of a downward trend over the coming year?
John Morici: It's tough because it really becomes kind of the end result, because if you have more primary cases as I spoke compared to secondaries, you can get some of these impacts in ASPs. I think, in general, there is not a significant change that we would expect in some of the mix or some of that some of that pricing. So that being said, you wouldn't expect too much fluctuations in ASPs. But like I said, it depends on that demand that comes forward from our doctors.
John Kreger: Got it, okay. And then one more, Joe, sorry, in a typical year, we'd assume kind of teens would be big in Q3 and adults would be bigger in Q4. Is that same sort of seasonal pattern likely do you think in '21 given what we know now, or would you expect kind of teen order flow to be more kind of spread evenly throughout the year.
Joe Hogan: Hey, John, we don't know. But I'd say it became muted this year. Obviously, we saw as much stronger fourth quarter United States in teens than we saw -- that you normally see from a seasonal standpoint, it got continued. So I think all of us are expecting summer and fall months as COVID to start to retreat a little bit, that might take us back to the patterns that we had before. But I don't think it's going to be binary. I really don't, I think this could have changed the pattern. We're just going to have to -- we're going to have to just ride the curve here and see how it goes. But we'll continue to advertise through this to execute on a place that we talked about in our scripts and we've really feel confident we can continue to drive significant teen demand.
John Kreger: Great, thank you.
Joe Hogan: Thanks, John.
Shirley Stacy: Operator, we'll take one or two more questions please.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Bednar: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions here. Congrats on another really strong quarter. I appreciate all the details you discussed. Maybe building off some of the real-time commentary you shared at the end of your prepared remarks there, Joe, just curious if you can expand on what you're seeing in January for maybe a utilization perspective, maybe in the context of where we were October through December, any notable call-outs in January from a good geographic perspective or teens or adults?
Joe Hogan: I think the call-out, Jason, really is just the breadth of it really. There wasn't any geography in particular that dominated or it was just in segment to GP and ortho continued to be strong. So when you exit a year and you're at our new year, you're obviously glued to that month to see, especially in a business like this, what the momentum is and we just see a continuation of the strong momentum that we had in the fourth quarter. That's -- John, anything to add on that.
John Morici: I think the breadth of it is my note on this that we have across geographies between GP and orthos. And what we described is a lot of doctors that are higher-up in the tier, they're continuing to do a lot of volume, and then a lot of new doctors that come in that come in with cases in hand. And we can get them to start the Invisalign system into our digital ecosystem. So, that continued from Q4 into Q1.
Jason Bednar: Okay. That's helpful, guys. And then just focusing on China here just for a quick moment. There wasn't a great deal of discussion probably less in this call than maybe any other call in recent memory on China in particular. But impression, the seasonality that happens here in the fourth quarter, but maybe just wondering if you can expand on what you're seeing with your business and the Clear Aligner market in China specifically and maybe compare that against some of your other APAC markets.
Joe Hogan: Yes, we felt good about our growth in China 26% for the quarter overall. China, we see shutdowns periodically, issues in Shanghai or different places and Chinese are pretty draconian, I'd use the move is when they COVID, they move pretty quickly. The public hospitals have been throttled to certain extent unlike the procedures. But we feel good about the quarter and we feel, honestly, our investments in China, we really feel good about those. The manufacturing piece helps legitimizes us our IT systems from a data protection standpoint have to be geared towards China. We're in good shape with that. We're assembling iTero there now. We feel great about our training centers, great about our treatment planning capabilities. So overall, we remain bullish on China and we think that China will start to, with the rest of the world, will start to recover in the second half of next year too and we expect to be a big part of that.
Jason Bednar: Got it. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Shirley Stacy: Operator, we'll take one more question, please. I know we went over.
Operator: Okay. Our last question comes from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Rich: Hey, Joe. Good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me in. Obviously, results over the past couple of quarters have been really strong. I guess, when we look out to 2021, it's tough to know what happens with COVID, but hopefully we'll start to get back to normal life later this year or 2022. I think as we look at where consensus is modeled I think on a high-teens revenue growth. It seems like you still feel comfortable with the 20% to 30% target. So do you feel like we should be expecting that type of growth in line with the long-term range off of this new higher level of volumes that you're starting to see in the back half of this year.
Joe Hogan: Nathan, that's -- we try to emphasize as much as we can, we feel very confident about those 20% to 30% ranges of growth. And continue to target 25, 30% operating profit to in order to do that. So you'll see us in investor rates that John talked about we're putting in place to drive that demand. So we make -- we remain committed to that model growth.
John Morici: And it starts with the vastly under-penetrated market and the investment opportunities we talk about. We tried to give you a kind of the breadth of all the different levers that we have to pull to be able to drive that return. And we continue to make that. It changes over time in terms of how we invest and where and so on, but that, that belief is still there. And when we make those forward investments, we're invested into that under-penetrated market that we think we can grow 22% in and do it at a 25%-plus op margin rate.
Joe Hogan: Yes.
Nathan Rich: Great. Well, congratulations on the strong quarter.
Joe Hogan: Thanks a lot, Nathan. I appreciate it
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Nate. Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our earnings call. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact our Investor Relations department. And we look forward to following up with you at upcoming conferences and virtual events. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful evening.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Align Technologys Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Shirley Stacy, Vice President, Corporate and Investor Communications. Thank you. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. Thank you for joining us everyone. Joining me on todays call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued third quarter 2020 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately one month. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on November 4. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853, with conference number 13710706, followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415, with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliation, if applicable. And our third quarter 2020 conference call slides are on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, Ill turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. I'm pleased to report stronger than expected results with record third quarter revenues up 21% year-over-year, reflecting strong momentum across all regions and customer channels for both Invisalign clear aligners and iTero scanners and services. During the quarter, we continued to support doctor recovery efforts with products, programs and virtual tools and training that helped more docs transition their practices to digital technologies and drove record utilization across the Invisalign portfolio. Capping off a record quarter is an achievement of our 9th million Invisalign patient milestone. We also saw a strong response to our new teen and mom-focused consumer campaign with a 118% year-over-year increase in total leads, garnered 3.3 billion impressions, an uptick in consumer engagement from new social media influencers like Charli DAmelio and Marsai Martin, a 26% increase year-over-year in teenagers using Invisalign clear aligners. Our overall revenue momentum has continued into October and we are encouraged by positive feedback from Invisalign practices regarding the benefits of digital orthodontics starting with an iTero scanner for Invisalign treatment, especially in this COVID environment. For Q3, total revenues were $733 million, up 108% sequentially and up 21% year-over-year, reflecting a sharp rebound in sales for both Invisalign clear aligners and iTero imaging systems as practices around the world reopened and got back to work treating existing and new patients. Q3 revenues for clear aligners were $621 million, up 20% year-over-year, and imaging systems and CAD/CAM Services were $113.4 million, up 24.5% year-over-year. Q3 Invisalign shipments were a record of 496,000 cases, up 28.7% versus prior year and up 124% versus prior quarter, reflecting strong recovery across all regions. During the quarter, we saw increased demand for new cases as restrictions eased and doctors ramped up their practices. This is in contrast to Q2, where doctors primary focus was to maintain continuity of patient care for their existing patients through additional aligner shipments and replacement aligners. John mentioned this in his comments last quarter and we'll touch on it again today. For the quarter, we shipped Invisalign cases to a record 70,000 doctors, of which 5,800 were first-time customers, reflecting increased doctor activity as practices have reopened. We have also trained approximately 6,500 new doctors in Q3, including 3,200 international doctors, reflecting increased doctor engagement through our online virtual education courses, summits and forums. Across the business, we believe there are several factors contributing to our strong performance, starting with pent-up demand. Many of our doctors indicate that they are making good progress in working the backlog of patients from office shutdowns. Pent-up disposable income remains a key factor as consumers focus on feel good investments, while many other quality of life options are low. In our new normal, there are far fewer trips abroad, fewer flights, less money spent on gas, dry cleaning, et cetera. More people can afford to allocate that spending to Invisalign treatment, especially when they're working remotely and critiquing themselves on camera so much of the time. That's the Zoom effect that we've heard about across multiple sectors. As we look at our customer channels, we feel the strategy to dedicate sales representatives by specialty alignment is bearing fruit, particularly in the GP Dental segment. Sales reps were able to partner with a wider range of providers within their designated specialty during the downturn and assess mindset and specific needs during the recovery and tailor plans to thrive beyond COVID. A digital mindset has been key and we believe this is the largest influence in the ortho market, and the one we've been laying the foundation for over the last several years. For many doctors, there are still down from normal years in terms of overall production and weekly patient flow. But they have prioritized Invisalign clear aligners as their preferred modality, expanded to the first age group and leverage programs that help to make the transition from analog to digital treatment. We see this both in teen and adult treatment growing with the same provider, increased use of iTero scanners, our Virtual Care, our high overlap of bracket buyback switch. As part of our recovery programs, we offer doctors two programs, either switch their braces in patients into Invisalign treatment by buying their wires and brackets or just buy back their existing inventory. We took out the equivalent of 10,000 cases. Providers actively reduced their analog footprints by proactively switching their patients to sustainable digital care with Invisalign. And for GPs, who already demonstrated a momentum with digital, an active choice was made to position Invisalign as a priority. Scanning every patient with iTero is generating more opportunity from recall patients, even if overall practice capacity is still down. Because doctors in both channels are trying to anticipate what may come in terms of additional waves and office shutdowns, they are hyper-focused on ensuring that they have the best plan for continuity of care and business continuity, which is digital. To support them in this digital journey, we've rolled out My Invisalign app and Virtual Care to 40-plus countries. These tools have been received very positively by our doctors and are quickly becoming part of their practice workflow. Our commitment to continuous innovation is key. We've recently announced our treatment planning evolution and global availability of our next generation ClinCheck Pro 6.0 proprietary treatment planning software. ClinCheck Pro 6.0 moves Invisalign digital treatment planning to the cloud, making its robust treatment planning tools and features available to doctors anytime, anywhere on any laptop, personal computer, tablet or phone. The release includes a new ClinCheck In-Face Visualization tool and enhanced doctor-facing digital clinical tool that combines a photo of the patient's face with their 3D Invisalign treatment plan, creating a personalized view of how their new smile will look. In addition, we also announced today Invisalign G8 predictability improvement with SmartForce Aligner Activation for both orthodontists and general dentists starting in Q1 2021. Invisalign G8 with SmartForce Aligner Activation is our newest biomechanical innovation and the latest in our long history of Invisalign predictability improvements. We continue to focus on building partnerships with doctors. Our data shows that providers who had or quickly developed momentum around digital orthodontics leaned into our comprehensive platform and a variety of our programs and resources to accelerate a digital shift. It's a compelling story of how engagement may be the first step that transformation is achieved through the breadth of product and services only Align can provide. Transformation and support programs like ADAPT, virtual tools, development of Teen Awesomeness Centers, GP Accelerator, Teen Conversion, Aligner Intensive Fellowship, iPro and doctor-led coaching programs that support GP growth. Building on the teen market in Q3, 163,000 teens and pre-teens started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, representing 33% of total cases shipped, reflecting growth predominantly from North American orthos and EMEA regions. In parts of the market, we saw an initial rush for teen treatments earlier in the quarter with a slight change in demand profile compared to what we normally see in a typical season, which may be the result of a different type of back-to-school season as most kids return to school late or through virtual learning. Invisalign First continues to accelerate among young patients as well. In terms of products performance, we saw strong growth across the portfolio and non-comprehensive outpaced comprehensive even with the record adult shipments for the quarter. Growth with the Invisalign Go product also increased among GPs, driven by North America and EMEA, and there was an increase in our express package shipments with North America contributing to the majority of that growth. Overall, both non-comprehensive and comprehensive shipments were up, with continued increased adoption of our Moderate product among the ortho and GP channels. Now let's turn to the specifics around our third quarter results, starting with the Americas. For the Americas region, Q3 Invisalign case volume was up 166% sequentially and 25% year-over-year, reflecting an increase in shipments due in large part to the digital programs and tools implemented during the pandemic to help our doctors as well as our continued investments in targeted marketing and sales efforts. The Q3 utilization was up for North American ortho and GPs both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. We saw continued utilization increases during the quarter, especially among our orthodontic customers in the teen segment, the strongest teen quarter in the last six quarters. As we mentioned previously in Q2, we started the Bracket Buy Back program to enable doctors to switch their braces patients into Invisalign treatment by buying back their wires and brackets inventory. We also saw stronger growth in the adult segment. We believe that some of the increase in adult shipments is reflective of how circumstances have changed today, with adults in our target demographic having more disposable directed  more disposable income directed at getting their smiles fixed. In Latin America, volume was also up year-over-year, led by strong growth in Mexico and Brazil. When you consider the timing of the pandemic and the shutdowns occurring later in Q2 for LATAM, we were encouraged by the growth this quarter. We also saw increased utilization in the GP channel with Invisalign Go and the adoption of Moderate. DSO utilization also increased and continues to be a strong growth driven by Heartland and also Aspen. For our international business, Q3 Invisalign case volume was up a sequential 88%, led by a significant increase in EMEA. On a year-over-year basis, international shipments were up 34%, reflecting increases through both EMEA and APAC. For EMEA, Q3 volumes were up sequentially 104% and up 38% on a year-over-year basis, across all markets, with strong performances from the ortho channel as well as the GP channel, as many doctors kept their offices open during their typical summer holiday season. Both core and expansion markets accelerated with growth in our core markets led by Iberia, the UKI, Germany and growth in our expansion markets led by Central and Eastern Europe and the Benelux. We introduced the Ortho Recovery 360 program in EMEA last quarter to support our orthodontists as they started reopening their businesses. As of Q3, over 4,000 orthodontists have enrolled in the program with over 13,000 touch points with sales team members, providing a dedicated support in July and August alone. As a result, we continue to see an increase in net promoter score or NPS with qualitative feedback from doctors showing that they appreciate Align for the support during this difficult time. We also rolled out Your Brilliance Enhanced marketing campaign in select EMEA markets that highlights the skills of our orthodontists and illustrates how partnering with Align and using Invisalign clear aligners and iTero systems and services can help further enhance the brilliance of these specialists. To support our GP doctors, we also launched our GP Recovery 360 program during the quarter with over 2,900 GPs enrolled so far. At the beginning of the quarter, we also launched the Invisalign Go Plus system in the UK in Benelux and had 2,500 GPs attend the event. During the quarter, we continue to offer virtual and hybrid education events for our doctors with online and on demand education events, which reached over 2,000 GPs cumulatively. For APAC, in Q3, volumes were up sequentially 74% reflecting continued improvement within the region. On a year-over-year basis, APAC was up 30% compared to the prior year. During the quarter, we were pleased to see a record number of unique doctors submitting cases and positive growth in the adult segment with growth in GP channels and non-comprehensive cases with Moderate product. In the teen segment, shipments were at an all-time high as doctors offices continue to recover. We also saw acceleration from Japan and ANZ. During the quarter, we celebrated the grand opening of our China manufacturing facility in Ziyang. The event was attended by key partners and doctors in China. The state-of-the-art facility replaces our original temporary facility, further establishing our commitment and capacity to manufacture Invisalign aligners and iTero imaging systems in China. Align was also one of the sponsors of APAC Med Virtual Forum 2020, which attracted over 1,000 attendees from the MedTech industry. The forum consisted of panel discussions and live video chat sessions at the Align virtual booth as we continue to establish Align as a global medical company that aims to transform smiles and change lives in the APAC region. Last week, we also hosted the Align APAC Virtual Symposium, a fully digital event that showcased digital treatment technologies and featured practitioners from across the Asia-Pacific region with over 800 participants. Our consumer marketing is focused on building the clear aligner category and driving demand for Invisalign treatment through a doctors office. In Q3, we saw strong digital engagement globally with more than 78% increase in unique visitors as well as on leads created, driven by our new campaign, revamped social media strategy and our new invisalign.com website that was rolled out to 15 plus countries. Several key metrics show increased activity engagement with the Invisalign brand and are included in our Q3 quarterly presentation slides available on our website. We're pleased with the strong engagement and activity we've seen on our consumer platforms over the last few months, and believe it speaks to the strength of the brand and consumer interest in treatment, even during the challenges of the last few months. As youll recall from last quarter, we launched our Mom multi-touch campaign, with incremental support to drive reach, awareness, and foot traffic to practices during the key teen season. We also launched a new multimillion dollar TV campaign designed to reach Mom and Teens across a broad range of networks nationwide including cable and connected TV networks. Align is always looking for new opportunities to reach consumers and be relevant to potential patients wherever they work, live and play. During the quarter we announced that the Invisalign brand is the official clear aligner sponsor of the NFL Football League, so 11 NFL teams working with great sports brands like the NFL is another way to connect with consumers by leveraging the power of the NFL brand and its existing brand platforms. The NFL league partnership will help build awareness of Invisalign clear aligner treatment at a national level, while the team agreement will help us engage within key markets and connect consumers with doctors in those markets. During the quarter, we also extended our innovation to drive engagement with new Invisalign Stickables, designed to personalize Invisalign clear aligners, especially for younger patients. The innovative sticker accessories, designed exclusively for use with SmartTrack material, are available in a variety of designs, colors, shapes and themes, and reflect patients desire to show their personal flair during Invisalign treatment. For our Systems and Services business, Q3 revenues were up 110% sequentially due to higher shipments and services revenues. We continued to see momentum with the Element 5D Imaging System, gaining traction in North America and APAC region. On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services revenues were up 24.5% due to higher shipments and service. Cumulatively, over 27.4 million orthodontic scans and 6 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners. For Q3, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to 83% from 79% in Q3 last year. International scans increased to 72% up from 63% in the same quarter last year. Were pleased to see that within the Americas, 95% of cases submitted by North American orthodontists were submitted digitally. Our Q3 Systems and Services revenue also includes exocad CAD/CAM products and services. exocads expertise in restorative dentistry, implantology, guided surgery, and smile design extends our digital dental solutions and broadens Aligns digital platform toward a fully-integrated interdisciplinary end-to-end workflows, and we are excited about our continued integration progress and product plans. In September, exocad celebrated its 10th anniversary in conjunction with exocad Insights 2020 an annual event for manufacturers and users of dental CAD/CAM technologies entitled "A Decade of Digital Innovation." The event attracted over 300 dental technicians, dentists and over 40 partner companies, as well as 1,600 users of digital technologies in laboratories and practices from 55 countries. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks Joe, now for our Q3 financial results. Total revenues for the third quarter were $734.1 million, up 108.4% from the prior quarter and up 20.9% from the corresponding quarter a year-ago. For clear aligners, Q3 revenues of $620.8 million were up 108.1% sequentially and up 20.2% year-over-year due to Invisalign volume growth in all regions, driven by North America, EMEA, APAC and LATAM, partially offset by lower ASPs. Historically we have raised prices by approximately $50 per case in the third quarter. Given our continued commitment to helping our customers in their recovery efforts, we did not implement a price increase this year. Q3 Invisalign ASPs were down sequentially $75 primarily due to higher mix of new cases versus additional aligner shipments as Joe mentioned earlier. Recall Q2 ASPs benefited from more additional aligner shipments as doctors were focused on maintaining treatment progress for existing Invisalign patients. This trend reversed itself after practices reopened in Q3 and demand for new cases ramped up significantly. As a result, our deferred revenue balances increased $93 million from Q2, of which, the majority of this increase is related to clear aligner, and will be recognized with future additional aligner shipments. On a year-over-year basis, Q3 Invisalign ASPs decreased approximately $80 primarily reflecting higher promotional discounts and increased deferrals related to additional aligners. In addition, we provided doctors with incentives designed to specifically aid them in the recovery during the pandemic. Q3 total Invisalign shipments of 496.1 million cases were up 123.6% sequentially and up 28.7% year-over-year. Our System and Services revenues for the third quarter was $113.4 million up 110.1% sequentially due to an increase in scanner sales and increased services revenues from higher installed base. Year-over-year System and Services revenue was up 24.5% due to higher scanner sales, services revenue, and the inclusion of exocads CAD/CAM services, partially offset by lower scanner ASPs. Imaging Systems and CAD/CAM Services deferred revenue also increased 28%, primarily due to the increase in scanner sales and the deferral of service revenues, which we recognized ratably over the service period. Moving on to gross margin, third quarter overall gross margin was 72.7%, up 9.1 points sequentially and up 0.7 points year-over-year. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock based compensation expense and amortization of intangibles related to exocad, overall gross margin was 73.3% for the third quarter, up 8.9 points sequentially and up 1 point year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the third quarter was 74.7%, up 10.2 points sequentially due to increased volumes driving favorable manufacturing absorption of fixed costs coupled with lower freight costs from increased domestic shipments, partially offset by lower ASPs. Clear aligner gross margin was up 1.2 points year-over-year due to increased manufacturing volumes driving favorable absorption and lower doctor training, partially offset by lower ASPs. Systems and Services gross margin for the third quarter was 62%, up 2.8 points sequentially primarily due to favorable product mix shift to higher margin scanners, higher services revenue, partially offset by freight and training costs. Systems and Services gross margin was down 2.1 points year-over-year due to lower ASPs and higher freight and training costs offset by higher services revenue and product mix shift. Q3 operating expenses were $357 million, up sequentially 20.1% and up 15% year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating expenses is due to increased compensation, marketing and media spend, and favorable foreign exchange. Year-over-year operating expenses increased by $46.6 million, reflecting our continued investment in sales and marketing and R&D activities, additionally prior year included a benefit of $6.8 million from the early termination of our discontinued Invisalign store leases. On a non-GAAP basis operating expenses were $332.1 million, up sequentially 25% and up 12.8% year-over-year due to the reasons as described above. Our third quarter operating income of $177.1 million resulted in an operating margin of 24.1%, up 44.8 points sequentially and up 3.2 points year-over-year. The sequential increases in operating income and operating margin are primarily attributed to higher gross margin and operating leverage. On a year-over-year basis, the increases in operating income and operating margin reflects higher gross margin and operating leverage partially offset by our continued investment in R&D, geographic expansion and go-to-market activities. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock based compensation, acquisition-related costs and amortization of intangibles related to exocad, operating margin for the third quarter was 28%, up 39 points sequentially and up 4.2 points year-over-year. Interest and other income expense net for the third quarter was a gain of $7.5 million, primarily driven by favorable foreign exchange. With regards to the third quarter tax provision, our GAAP tax rate was 24.5% which includes tax benefits of approximately $8 million related to the release of certain previously unrecognized tax benefits as a result of the closure of an income tax audit. Third quarter tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was 16.6% compared to 27.8% in the prior quarter and 18.8% in the same quarter a year ago. The third quarter non-GAAP tax rate was lower than the second quarters rate primarily due to reduction in tax benefits resulting from considerable profits recorded in Q3 as opposed to losses incurred in Q2. Third quarter net income per diluted share was $1.76, up $2.28 sequentially and up $0.48 compared to the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, net income per diluted share was $2.25 for the third quarter, up $2.60 sequentially and up $0.77 year-over-year. Moving on to the balance sheet, as of September 30, 2020, cash and cash equivalents were $615.5 million, an increase of approximately $211 million from the prior quarter, which is primarily due to higher cash flow from operations. Of our $615.5 million of cash and cash equivalents, $298.8 million was held in the U.S. and $316.7 million was held by our international entities. Q3 accounts receivable balance was $626 million, up approximately 32.3% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 76.5 days, down 44 days sequentially and down two days as compared to Q3 last year due to strong cash collections as doctors offices reopened from Q2 shutdowns. Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $211 million. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $21.3 million, primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures amounted to $189.8 million. Under our May 2018 repurchase program, we have $100 million still available for repurchase of our common stock. Now let me turn to our outlook. Overall, were pleased with our Q3 performance and the strong momentum in our business. We made investment decisions that helped drive and capture demand across all regions and all customer channels. We see good return on our investments and strong revenue growth, which has continued into October. We are confident in the huge market opportunity, our industry leadership, and our ability to execute. At the same time, there continues to be uncertainty around the pandemic and global environment, therefore we arent providing specific guidance. With that, I will turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: In summary, we are certainly pleased with our progress in the third quarter. We have taken a very thoughtful approach to recovery and we have persevered in large part by living the values that are important to us as an organization; agility, customer and accountability. In a time of great uncertainty, when swift actions have been required, we have responded like no other company in our industry. Most importantly, we have followed our guiding principles and supported our employees and customers, protecting employee jobs and salaries and working to support the needs of our teams globally, and supporting our customers with PPE, extended payment terms, postponed subscription fees for iTero, and numerous programs to help them through this crisis. We also applied our manufacturing experience and resources to making testing swabs for hospitals and PPE for our own teams and also customers. Instead of going quiet or holding on planned spend, we accelerated our investments in marketing to drive consumer demand to our doctors offices and stay top of mind with consumers. We accelerated new digital technology to market so that we could provide virtual tools to our doctors that enabled them to stay connected with their patient and keep their treatment moving forward. We supported doctors and their teams with online education and digital forums that went beyond product and clinical education to help navigate PPE shortages and recovery planning; and we continued to grow the business, not just protecting jobs but adding headcount, continuing our investments in R&D and product innovation as you saw in our Invisalign G8 announcement today and developing our plans for manufacturing expansion. Our actions are a result of the conviction that we have in our business model, supported by the strength of our balance sheet, to drive results that exhibit our accountability to our employees, customers and shareholders. Even in a time that required us to change and adapt, we maintained our long-term focus. I feel this is what good companies do and its proof that being a good company and delivering the type of results weve seen this quarter can go hand-in-hand. We have remained a growth business, driving programs in anticipation of recovery, but we acknowledge that there still remains uncertainty due to COVID-19. Our plan is to counter future uncertainty by staying focused on our long-term strategy, living our values, supporting our employees and customers, and keeping the demand drivers weve identified over the last few months in mind. The re-direction of disposable income for many consumers; channel focus that allows us to reach and support a wider range of customers within each channel and most importantly, the digital mindset that is really taking hold with more and more of our customers and that we are supporting through innovative products and programs that can help support their digital transformation. We are not ignoring the reality of COVID-19 and how long it may be part of our lives, but were also not going to stop driving the business forward for the good of customers, their patients, our employees, and stakeholders. With that, I want to thank you again for joining our call. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year continues to unfold. On November 20 to 21, Align will be hosting the Invisalign Ortho Summit, Virtual Edition, with the theme Digital is the Answer. This Invisalign Summit is the ultimate learning experience for orthodontic practices. From digital practice transformation to great patient experiences, theres never been a more exciting time to learn about digital orthodontics. Align will also host a virtual Investor Day on November 23, where I also look forward to sharing our views on the incredible market opportunity that we have combined with the unmatched power of Aligns digital platform, technology innovation, global reach, and brand equity. Now with that, Ill turn it over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Rich: Thanks, and good afternoon. Joe and John, obviously, great to see the volumes come back so nicely. It sounds like the momentum continued in October. Could you maybe just kind of help us understand kind of the cadence of growth that you saw over the quarter? And any comments on how October has fared so far, maybe relative to the type of case growth that you saw in 3Q?
Joe Hogan: Yes, yes, Nathan, thanks for the question. Look, we just built through the quarter. Every month we saw actually continue to enhance momentum. And the short answer to your question is, weve seen that build in October also.
Nathan Rich: Thats great. And Joe, obviously, you kind of talked through in detail about what has kind of driven the stronger utilization that youve seen and the value of digital treatment. When you kind of take a step back and kind of think longer-term, how has that kind of changed your outlook or influence your kind of multi-year outlook for kind of what you could see from this business over the next several years going forward?
Joe Hogan: Nathan, youve known John and me and Shirley long enough. I mean, were incredibly enthusiastic about this business and bullish about this business. And you can see were even more so as obviously we deliver the kind of results we have in 3Q. I think you always have to keep in mind two things here. One is, were in a very volatile environment. We understand that and weve done some things. We feel thats really helped our doctors through this and made the company stronger coming out at the other end. But always remember, were completely underpenetrated in this marketplace, right? Were still less than 10% penetrated from an orthodontic procedure standpoint, let alone those 300 million patients we talk about there that should receive orthodontic treatment that arent receiving orthodontic treatment. So we remain incredibly bullish with a digital format to be able to go after those patients and be able to continue to drive the growth of this business.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Rich. Next question
Nathan Rich: Okay. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Yes.
Shirley Stacy: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Erin Wright: Great, thanks. So, can you speak to some of the contributions from the recovery efforts in switching brackets and wires patients? Or are you continuing to see those contributions and efforts into the fourth quarter? And do you think that will drive the Boards longer-term shift here? Do you have any indication based on the responses? I guess youve seen from practitioners how sticky that is? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Well, its  overall  hey, its Joe. I mean, overall, its pretty sticky when we buy their wires and brackets inventory back. And then we introduced in the programs like ADAPT and different things that really allow them to begin a digital transformation within their practices. So I feel that part is very sticky. I cant sit here and naively say that everyone who starts to move digital in this crisis is going to stay digital. But I can tell you that we have the tools, being able to drive consumer demand and consumer awareness and all those things, helps us to maintain that stickiness. And I think over time, well just have to see how sticky it is as we come out of this COVID crisis.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. And then on ASPs in the quarter, I guess, is that the run rate we should be thinking about? I know you didnt take the price hikes, but any other mix dynamics as we think about the next quarter and beyond?
John Morici: Hey, Erin, this is John. Yes, the mix that we saw  we talked about some of the dynamics of all those new cases coming in and we saw that. We also talked about not having a price increase given the conditions that were in. Well evaluate going forward as to any changes we might make in pricing and so on. But I think from a run rate standpoint, this is a good starting point for going forward.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Steve.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for the time here. I wonder if you could expound a little bit on some of the numbers that youve given here at this quarter, and I believe you did in the prior quarter as well around not just the training numbers, but some of the data that you gave on people who are not just getting trained, but who are new to Invisalign. Im sorry, I dont know, maybe some do. But what were those numbers a year ago? And do you have visibility into what those training numbers look like out into 4Q or even beyond?
John Morici: Yes, Steve, this is John. I think when you look at being able to train like we can now doing much more virtual being able to have that remote training as well as where you can in person gives us a lot of flexibility going forward to be able to expand out our training. So theres a lot of new capabilities, a lot of new tools that weve introduced this quarter to be able to help our customers and train new customers as well as our sales team be able to reach those. So its a key part as you know to our growth and were going to continue to find ways to be able to connect with new doctors to be able to get them to understand the benefits of Invisalign and ultimately have them use it more and more to grow.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. Thanks, John. And then, Joe, one for you. So Ill let you carry the burden of being the CEO of the first big dental company here in the U.S. to report. Just give a little bit of perspective on how you imagine policy evolves. As you talk to folks around the CDC, AAO, the ADA, any of their counterpart organizations in Europe, do you see any sign that there might be a move toward practice closures? Or are we really past that now that weve got PPE in place? I ask because I think theyre just a lot of folks who are looking at the growth, not just at Align, but at some other companies and its really attractive growth, but people are just worried about the possibility that we see lockdowns again. So any perspective you could offer there would be really helpful? Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Yes, Steve. Steve, Id tell you, talking to obviously doctors all around the world or whatever. I dont see that theres any imminent, a lot of closures in the industry. I mean, theres frustration with the closures and obviously a lot of disagreement in the sense of when theyre told to close. Fortunately, what weve seen with the COVID coming back here in the fall, we havent seen the institution of going back and closing these doctors offices, which help. I can tell you, Steve, since Ive been here five years, theres always a certain segment of the dental industry that is looking to sell or looking to change and get out, but not close down. So I honestly think that theres still optimism out there. Ive seen the doctors do a great job in a sense of being able to protect their employees, make sure that they protect their patients and do the things that are needed. I know by reading your material and other materials that weve all picked up that most of the doctors are running at 70%, 75% kind of a capacity, but theyre finding a way to make it work. So Im not looking at any imminent demise in the business in the sense of close downs or anything like that. And I think the offices are getting better and better being able to drive volume through their offices. And again, you know that this is a digital format that we feel that sets a foundation for them to have a much better patient flow through or a much fewer touches in this COVID world, which we hope hopefully will carry over as we move out of this next year.
Steve Beuchaw: Really appreciate that. Thanks for all the time here.
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks, guys.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Jon.
Jon Block: Hey, Joe, actually, first one for you. Sort of qualitatively, can you give us a beat or a signal on teen share of chair? And do you see a broadening out within your ortho customer base? I think thats the key sort of the broadening out. In other words, are you seeing the one from orthos that were always, I dont know, call it less than 5% Invisalign shared chair. Are they stepping up to the plate because of clear aligner workflow advantages? And if so, how do you sort of ensure that you capitalize on that longer term?
Joe Hogan: Yes. Well, I think its a couple things, Jon. Obviously, COVID has been an added incentive to move people out of analog into digital because of fewer touches and being able to maintain continuity of treatment, even if things are shutdown. So theres no question, we saw our share of chair increased in that sense. I think also when you see new products like Invisalign First and those things weve introduced in the last few years, thats  as you know well, thats extended our reach from a HDM point within that specific demographic. Thats helped us also. And I think theres a combination here of further and further realization of how digital processes and orthodontics really can help, can help be more efficient, but also realization from consumers that it is an offering here that is better than wires and brackets, and more efficient, certainly in this COVID kind of environment. So how do we  how are we certain that we maintain that? Jon, when you look at programs like ADAPT and things, those  that switch over  lets back up for a second. Jon, five years ago, we were fighting for clinical, Id say relevancy in this industry. Thats not a question anymore. All the docs  most of the docs out there understand very clearly we can do 80%, 90% of the cases out there. It becomes a business formula. Can we really make money with a digital kind of a system? And those are the programs that weve been putting together with doctors with outside experts that can really train doctors as to how digital can work, how can expand their practices and how actually can be more profitable in a digital process. And Im confident with what were building up in that area, well be able to extend that going forward.
Jon Block: Got it. Fair enough. Ill shift over to GP side for the other question. The utilization over four, I think Ive been waiting 10 or so years for that and I get it. Some of its probably pent-up demand. You talked to that a little bit on the call, but what about the other components? Is it some scanner digitizing the front end, the bifurcating of the sales force? I mean, essentially Joe, have you given the tools that you needed to the GP to finally sort of step function that utilization rate higher that was always sort of stuck right around that mid threes for a number of years? Thanks guys.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Jon, I feel the answer to your question is yes, we have. I mean everything from iTero and really the inside of iTero and the software programs at all in conjunction with iGo that make it much simpler for doctors that havent been associated with digital orthodontics before. Our segmented sales force, for sure. I mean, weve piloted this in Europe first and somewhat in APAC. So we knew what to expect. We were just fortunate enough to launch it ahead of this issue, ahead of the COVID issue, and they have the salespeople ready to have that touch with customers to make it work. What Im excited about this, Jon, we have so much more that we can do to make that work also. And I think with a confidence that GPs are having in this kind of a system, its a light touch system, its a high revenue kind of a product and its gaining more attention in that channel. So, yes, Im really  were all thrilled here to see the utilization rates, but it is on the back of those kinds of innovations in distribution and also product that we think weve been able to drive it.
Jon Block: Okay. And if I can just quickly slip in one more, just for a clarification, I think it was all the way back to Nathans first question, just to be clear when you say momentum building, I mean, do we take that your October year-over-year growth rate was north of your worldwide 3Q growth rate that you posted? Thanks, guys.
John Morici: Jon, youre right. We see momentum building and that continues  it continues that growth from a revenue and a volume standpoint into October.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Jon. Next question, please.
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. As we think about the outlook for 4Q and as we come out of COVID more broadly, are there any  I know you guys obviously didnt cut costs, kept the sales force, because you maybe foresaw some of this growth coming back. Is there anything in terms of investments of the ramp back that we should be considering?
Joe Hogan: Well, I think theres just continuity of investments is the way Id answer your question. Theyre not new investments. Well continue to invest in the consumer side, pretty dramatically. Youll see that were doing that all around the world. Its not just in the United States or Canada. Were also  youll see investments in Europe and also Asia to a degree that we havent made before. We have a series of new products that were investing in. We kept that momentum in the third quarter and where we hired engineers to keep that moving. And then these specific programs for doctors like ADAPT that were talking about, and AIF and different things, theyre really an important part of this because you have to make sure that these workflow changes, and the way ClinCheck works, like ClinCheck Pro and whatever, they have to be introduced to docs and we got to have the high touch kind of a system to give them the confidence in those programs. So its a long answer to your question, but Id say we maintain and enhance what we have been doing is what youll see in the fourth quarter and as we go into the first quarter too.
John Morici: The added piece, Elizabeth, from an investment standpoint is investing in operations to stay ahead of the volume. And making those investments we did so in Q3, well continue to make those investments in Q4.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. But it doesnt sound like theres anything totally different that this sort of  because we could consider catch up or something on that front. Okay. I guess  yes.
Joe Hogan: You go ahead, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Anderson: No, I was just wondering, you talked about some of your continued spend on social channels in terms of marketing and that seemed also a continuation plus obviously the buyback program in the quarter. Is there anything else that you guys see changing in terms of your marketing spend going forward? Would you say its sort of like a continuation of the types of programs that you were doing in the third quarter?
Joe Hogan: Well, I think, obviously, Raj and our marketing team are very innovative and its not that well just keep with the same themes. We obviously we run  we run trials, we do different things, well change them up or whatever based on what were experiencing in the marketplace. So our investments will continue to be very aggressive. Well continue to be innovative in the sense of how we do these things, but we certainly wont let off the gas in the sense of the focus that weve had over the last few quarters.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Elizabeth. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Valiquette with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Young: Hi, this is Jonathan Young on for Steve.
Shirley Stacy: Hi, Steve. Hi, there.
Jonathan Young: Hey, its Jonathan. Hi. So you just from relation to the backlog, you were talking about on the pent-up demand, I guess from your perspective, how much backlog do you think is kind of still out there with the docs before it normalizes out as we kind of move forward?
Joe Hogan: Steve, you asked a big question. I mean, from a backlog standpoint, we really dont know. When you talk from an empirical standpoint, when you talk to many of our docs, theyll say they cleared out their backlog in July and August. But this is a global business its hard to talk about all over the world where it stands, but  when things came out of lockdown and when they didnt. So we struggled to be able to quantify a number for you in that sense.
Jonathan Young: Okay. And just going back to the comment about the utilization of docs being at about 70%, 75% capacity, I guess, from  thats from the capacity standpoint, but from your customer base, are they all largely open at this point or is there still 10%, 20% that still remains close due to random shutdowns globally or locally in certain areas? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: No, theyre largely open.
Jonathan Young: Great. Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Yes. You're welcome Jon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John Kreger: Hey guys.
Joe Hogan: Hey John.
John Kreger: Hey. Can you just talk a little bit more about again the uncertainties that prompted you to not guide to Q4 after a very, very good third quarter? And one thing I was thinking about given the rebound in cases in Europe are you seeing any signs of maybe just patient traffic slowing down even if practices aren't closing per se?
Joe Hogan: Yes, jump in.
John Morici: Yes. I think, when you think about what we've seen in terms of the momentum we see we tried to lay that out, obviously there are still unknowns in the world. I would say COVID in the global economy and so on. But for the things that we can control and what we tried to lay out around the R&D investments, in manufacturing, and marketing and sales we feel really good about our momentum and what we can drive in the future. We just have unknowns that are outside of our control and so that's the reason from a guidance standpoint that we didn't give specific guidance. But we wanted to highlight that we've  because our continued momentum as we went through the quarter both for revenue and volume, and that continued past the quarter end.
John Kreger: Great. Thank you. Joe, a question for you about sort of the strategy to get the attention more of GPs. Can you just talk about how exocad is going and what else your  what other levers you're pulling to sort of become more of that sort of daily thought process for the typical general dentist?
Joe Hogan: Yes, John thats a good question. Look, I feel great about exocad and obviously when I talked about in the highlights that we just went over is, I mean its digital dentistry on the GP side. You have to go around the world and understand how exocad is, exocad is very embedded in Europe also in various parts of the far-east and in some parts of the United States, but the key is just a digital workflow and it's between iTero France is, it's in a obviously a GPs office and that CAD/CAM piece is either extended in office or primarily it goes to labs. I think it's given us the initial boost that we wanted to in the sense of our relevancy in the GPs office in the sense of an iTero scanner can do these kinds of restorative scans and this kind of restorative workflow. What's really exciting is, when you look at how you can integrate what exocad does in a seamless workflow way with iTero and also Invisalign, it just gives us a lot of degrees of freedom to really change that kind of restorative dentistry. I'm really excited about the progress even in the short amount of time.
John Kreger: Great. Thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. John, I think you said leads were up something like 120% year-over-year. How do we think about the relevancy of that metric as a leading indicator of revenue growth, it's not a metric I can recall you really discussing before?
John Morici: Well, that's a good question. I mean, we do  I don't know how we've communicated that before, but it certainly is a term we use internally here at Align all the time. A lead is just what you would guess it is Brandon and it's a strong lead in the sense of a customer wanting to turn into a patient. And we have several ways of touching that customer they can come through our Invisalign app. They could be contacted by a concierge service. Concierge service can take the information and move it onto a doctor's office, but it's a lead and it's a great leading indicator of the interest of patients out there. And it's, again, one of the major attributes of Align of what we bring to the marketplace is to be able to excite consumers and move them into our doctor partner groups.
Brandon Couillard: Okay. And then John, any chance you could specifically speak to China growth in the third quarter? And then secondly the financial impact of opening the new permanent manufacturing facility as opposed to the temporary site you have been operating be in terms of revenue growth or profitability or expenses you think you can share there?
John Morici: In China, we saw a good sequential growth, continues to grow. I mean, obviously they were the first ones kind of in the pandemic to starting Q1 we saw some growth in Q2 and significantly more growth in Q3. The manufacturing like you said, is gone live it's now greenfield facility where everything's up and running. We're adding more capacity there to meet our demands. But it was a very smooth transition. We learned a lot from having that temporary facility and learning kind of the manufacturing, the scale up that we needed and that transitioned very well into the new facility.
Brandon Couillard: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good evening guys.
Joe Hogan: Hey Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: Hello. Joe, wanted to the start with you again, it's the same thing, Jon Block's trying to feel out here, but was there anything different in your North American ortho customer mix? Did the Diamond and Double Diamond guys come back much faster than the lower-end guys, anything at all like that? And I guess what I'm trying to get at and same thing, like I said, John is sustainability of that 24% North American ortho utilization number, a fantastic number, is that our evidence, is that our proof point there of this move from analog to digital, as you keep talking about it, is that the number to focus in on there and then obviously the GP number as well?
John Morici: Yes, I think, Jeff if your real question is about utilization being the key metric, I mean, it certainly is, but who has led that, our Diamond and Diamond Plus docs are already having a big digital aspect of what they were doing. We're able to function extremely well in this environment. Remember our virtual care tool that we bought out really six months before we wanted to do it, it wasn't the best tool in the world, but we've made it better over time. Really gave them that digital interface with their patient base that allowed them to be able to track their patients without having come back to the office that was for a certain period of time. So but to say that it was only those practices would be wrong. We saw no matter what tier they were in our advantage program, we saw them reaching for training, wanting to work from a digital standpoint. The orthodontist recognized the advantages of digital during this whole sequence and again, that's why the program and the things that we've had in place, the investments we made or whatever, they were very timely to help to support that interest.
Jeff Johnson: Yes. Understood. And then maybe just a follow-up for John. So John, you seem to imply that maybe ASP is here at this level are good way to think about the next few quarters. Does that mean some of the incentives kind of sustain here? Do you leave them in place? And I just want to understand the accounting. Does the bracket buybacks, does that go against ASPs in any way or is that a cost buried somewhere else in the P&L? Thanks.
John Morici: No, that is a cost against as a promotion, so it goes against revenue for the bracket buyback in. And we'll evaluate as we do on a normal basis with promotions, what promotions are working, what's driving that right level of utilization and engagement, whether a new doctor to a doctor that does a lot of volume. We did mention that we didn't increase price and that was something that's just a reflection of what's happening in the marketplace. And look we are very pleased with, when you look at Invisalign ASPs that it's 74.7%. We haven't seen that in several quarters. So, we're very aware of the dynamics around promotions and what that drives, but ultimately its driving profitability and we saw great gross margin growth.
Jeff Johnson: Yes. Understood. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Glen.
Shirley Stacy: Hey Glen, you there? We maybe not hearing your line clearly.
Glen Santangelo: Hello. Can you hear me now?
Joe Hogan: Yes, we can.
Glen Santangelo: Hey Joe, how are you? Thanks so much. Joe. I just want to take a step back. I mean a lot of the questions were already asked, but I wanted one of the follow-up to response you said to the earlier question. What's your sense going on with your organic growth rate of this business? I mean, are you seeing that the organic growth rate of just the ortho business in general accelerate through the pandemic, and then as you think about sort of the penetration of clear aligners versus total cases, you sort of cited that you still think we're less than 10% penetrated. Could you maybe talk about the penetration in North America and international, maybe how you see those sort of penetration rates evolving over the next couple of years?
Joe Hogan: Well, I mean, obviously we measure ourselves from a penetration rate standpoint overall and we split the market up obviously in teens and adults, ortho versus the general segment with GPs. But if I'm answering your question right, Glen, I mean we have increasing penetration in the utilization we call on different parts of the marketplace. The digital platforms and things that we've put in place are really enhancement to doctors to get on these digital platforms and use the tools and things that we have. So Glen, I think again as I mentioned in the other question on like this is  remember we're still underpenetrated, it really as digital orthodontics has such a long runway, but it is a different workflow for doctors and it's a different expectation from a patient base, understanding you really can use in digital platform in order to move teeth as efficiently or better than wires and brackets and so. It's so important that we have a strong digital platform that unites the workflow between us and doctors, and doctors and patients that you have a breadth of product, everything from Invisalign First, all the way to express and comprehensive products, and retainers and things in between. Sales forces are incredibly important for that penetration, the sense of how you talked  how you touch docs and how you move things forward. So I would say Glen, to answer your question here, there's no magic on this penetration piece. It's a lot of work. It's a lot of work and a lot of friction you have to overcome, there's no escaping it, but it's inevitable. Digital is better than analog in a COVID environment or not in a COVID environment. That's our position and that's what we'll continue to drive.
Glen Santangelo: And Joe, it seems like you may be expanded your sort of technology lead again with sort of this latest development on the G8 side. Could you maybe just give us a quick update on the competitive landscape? Are you seeing anything else in the market that is starting to get any traction or is it still kind of really just an execution issue for you?
Joe Hogan: This is all about execution with us. It's a  from  I have nothing from an update from a competitive standpoint, really to report. Remember our competition is about expanding the marketplace that is what it's all about. This is not a scrum of a bunch of people making plastic aligners. This is a scrum about what can you do to reduce the friction of getting dentists and orthodontists to move forward in a digital process. It's the growth of this marketplace that is really the material difference here. It's not individual competition in the trenches that we're focused on or concerned about how do we expand the marketplace Glen.
Glen Santangelo: Okay. Thanks for the comments.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Newitter with SVB Leerink. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Newitter: Hi, thanks for taking the question.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Rich.
Richard Newitter: Hi, how are you doing, Joe.
Joe Hogan: Good.
Richard Newitter: Wanted to just start-off, just thinking back over the 20 year journey that you had or longer than that now, you're not specifically, but just in aligners and what you've seen in your tenure and what you know before, can you  there'll probably be an inflection point moments and I'm just curious where and how kind of this COVID opportunity, which is clearly on some level creating an inflection point on some level, where that stacks up? And a year or two years from now, do you think we're going to be saying this was probably the one of the defining periods for you guys to capitalize on converting the gene segment and getting that accelerated kind of digital boost that you needed to really kind of move this market conversion opportunity in a step function fashion. I'm just trying to put it in perspective, are we kind of at the demarcation here, where this is kind of defining period for the company?
Joe Hogan: Well, you know Richard this is always really  it's hard to always call it, you're asking about the tipping point. And John has a great saying you never know the tipping point until it tips, right. So, but I would tell you that, obviously in the current environment that we have right now, where infection is a concern, digital becomes predominant in that sense of doctors looking at it. But I think another good signal that you can say that this can become more permanent, what's really unusual here is take a look at iTero growing 25%, right. You see capital of goods in a situation like this are going to lag, because doctors aren't going to make that kind of a capital outlay when their businesses are under pressure. And what we saw in this case is iTero grew phenomenally and then what we know, and you see that 93% of the cases in the United States right now for ortho is coming through digitally, when you get an iTero scanner into an office whether it's a GP or ortho they become really committed on the digital piece of want to learn. So I think that kind of demand for iTero scanner, what I call a hurricane right now from a doctors cash flow standpoint really shows that they're interested in the sense of this digital transformation and want to stick with it.
Richard Newitter: That's helpful. And maybe just want to follow up on the competitive comments and questions from the prior. I'm just curious, your ability to train virtually and remotely and your customer base and the advantage you have there. Are your competitors able to kind of get into the channel even as effectively as they might have otherwise been or you basically kind of converting on your own right now, I'm just curious if there's just an inherent structural advantage that you have there during this period and if competitor sales reps are allowed to say engage as actively as you are?
Joe Hogan: Yes. Forgive me if I don't answer your question properly, but what I can drive from that is the importance of a sales force versus competition, and then the importance of training. And there's no company in the world that can provide digital training, whether it's virtual or if it's allowed in the future, which it will be obviously face-to-face across a number of platforms that Align can provide. ADAPT is another kind of training, ADAPT is Align Digital and Practice Transformation program that kind of experts that we put in place that understand doctors office workflow and economics, and how we can work through them. Our sales force is, since I've been in this business five years now and I've run sales forces in businesses pretty much my entire adult life. I have never seen such a high touch sales force in my life. The importance of touch with a sales team with those doctors is incredibly important because of how different digital is from a workflow standpoint, a clinical standpoint than what an analog procedure is. So there's no way around that. And then the last part is, maybe we're taking advantage of our competitors or something. And I don't say there in any arrogance or whatever, the competitions, I actually welcome it to a certain extent because it helps to legitimize a digital space. Our job broadly is how do we go and get dentists and orthodontists to move from analog to digital, not so much what the next competitor's product is out there and we're fighting for that extra ounce of share, that's not where we are right now. This is about an expensive marketplace.
Richard Newitter: Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ravi Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ravi Misra: Hi team. How's it going? Hope everyone's well.
Shirley Stacy: Hi, Ravi.
Joe Hogan: Thank you so much.
Ravi Misra: To take a pivot to G8 for a second, and remembering correctly prior versions of the systems have been seen as the step function advancements that have opened the door to more cases and more comfort with doing the system. With G8, just curious in terms of number one, how do you see it kind of increasing the addressable market for the number of cases you can treat? I mean, is this opening up doors that couldn't be done before by the sort of average dentist. And number two, do we have any sort of IP protection around this. I mean, looking at the press release, it seems like a pretty powerful set of innovations in the way you're staging it or this kind of a function or development on top of existing technologies in that sense from an IP perspective?
Joe Hogan: Yes. Hey Ravi, good question. First of all, when you think of how we got the G8 is, we've done 9 million patients, right. And probably deep bite cases are 30% of those cases and G8s around deep bite. And when you do deep bite, there's a lot of extrusion in deep bite, now I dont want to get to clinically into this thing but extrusion means you're pulling the tooth down or pushing a tooth up. And those are the most difficult movements that we make. They're the hardest movements to do. When we talk about IP, it has to be with the specific kind of attachment, it's where you place that attachment. It's that interface of that attachment with the aligner and how the aligner  actually that's what we call it the activated part of this thing. And I'd say do we have IP around that? Sure, we do. Do we have IP around doing a deep bite case? No, but our products are specifically geared to be able to do that. And so we use a lot of AI and machine learning to mine that database to figure out where these deep bite cases weren't finishing as fast as they could be at times. And the new G8 supposed to make this better it's been tried in different areas. And in the end, what it does it gives doctors more confidence to be able to get into those cases and though they can finish them the way they want to finish them and that's the purpose of the product.
Ravi Misra: Great. And then maybe if I can build on that.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Ravi.
Joe Hogan: Yes, go ahead.
Ravi Misra: Sure. So one more. So pre-pandemic, you guys were on a kind of case growth basis somewhere in the 30s, high 20s range. I appreciate that it's very difficult to look past what's going on in the world right now, but say we do kind of normalize at some point in the future post-pandemic. With these innovations and the sales force touch points that you mentioned, is that 20% to 30% case growth, given where we are on the adoption curve still a kind of reasonable proxy for where this market can go. Thanks.
John Morici: Hey Ravi, this is John. Good question. When we think about the investments that we make in the  as we've described, the vastly underpenetrated market that we're in, we look at our investments to say, look, we can grow revenue in the 20% to 30% and that's how we think of things. And that's what we think that we can control the investments that we're making to be able to grow in this market to that. We didn't guide to that because there's unknowns outside of what we can control and we've kept it at that. But certainly when we look at investments in this market and the opportunities that we have, we look at those investments with the long-term growth model from a revenue standpoint of 20% to 30%.
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Ravi.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ryskin: Hey, guys. Thanks for fitting me in. Yes, it's late, so I'll just keep it to one. Obviously, seeing the really strong utilization numbers in the Americas for the orthos and GPs. But obviously that's only half of the equation, because you also got the number of docs actually receiving those. So I was just wondering if you could provide any additional color on the split between ortho and GP, which really drove the volume in the quarter in the Americas. What I'm getting at is, with the rebound you commented on and some of that pent-up demand was there one part of your customer base that really accelerated better than the others or was it pretty broad based?
John Morici: Yes. I can take that, Michael. This is John. Really when we look at the utilization and the growth that we saw was very broad, it was across GP and ortho. It was across multiple-tiers. We just saw a good adoption of our technology as these practices opened. Patients ask for it by name, doctors used our product. There were many doctors that were higher up on the tiers accelerated their cases. And then even new doctors or doctors that are at lower tiers were able to increase the utilization. So, we're very happy with the results that we saw from newer doctors to more experienced doctors and felt really good about how they were in that recovery mode. As we said, it's tough to understand and break out the piece of how much is pent-up demand versus run rate. But as we went through the quarter, as we said, we got stronger and stronger. So we feel good about the situation that we left Q3 with.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thanks.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Michael. We've got time for one more question, operator.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Shirley Stacy: Hey, Jason.
Jason Bednar: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Hi, there. Congrats on a nice quarter, everyone. Have a clarification question just real quick and then another I'll ask upfront here. Just that enhanced momentum building comment that you made for October, Joe, can you just confirm that holds for all major reporting channels you have with GPs and orthodontists? And then, I know it's early days for iGo Plus, but curious if you could just talk about initial feedback on the system in the first markets you entered in Europe, any learnings you can draw on the early days of that launch before you look to take that system and do additional markets? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Yes, Jason. First of all, I can confirm that it's across all channels, all markets. There's nothing really like in sight, it's not with that momentum that we  on iPro Plus, iPro Plus is about just enhancing the ability of doctors that are on iPro to be able to do more enhanced cases. And the feedback is great. We started in Europe, because that's where iPro really started from in a big way. And those are the first doctors that really asked for that. And then as and we've rolled that out in general. And it's really on the back of like the ClinCheck 6.0, the cloud-type-based product that we've done. That's one of the great things about digital platforms because you can expand them to be able to fit specifically in different markets at different times. And that's what iPro Plus really represents. So, I hope that helps, Jason.
Jason Bednar: Yes. Thanks, Joe.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Take care.
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue. I'd like to hand it back to management.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, everyone. We appreciate your time today. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Investor Relations and we look forward to speaking to you at our Investor Day, November 23rd. Have a great night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Align Technology Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Investor Communication. Thank you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you everyone and thank you for joining us. Joining me today is Joe Hogan, President, and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued second quarter 2020 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. On April 1st, 2020 we completed the acquisition of privately held exocad Global Holdings GMBH exocad. To reflect this addition acquisition of exocad into our operations as of Q2 2020, we have renamed the Scanner and Services segment to Imaging System and CAD/CAM Services or Systems and Services. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately one month. A Telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 P.M. Eastern Time through 5:30 P.M. Eastern Time on August 5th. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13705887 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information provided and discussed today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are described in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We have posted historical financials including the corresponding reconciliations, including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation as applicable. And our second quarter 2020 conference call slides are on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'd like to the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. I am pleased to report Q2 results and continued progress across all regions and customer channels that reflect our COVID-19 recovery efforts, and those of our customers. Practices across every region have reopened and are seeing patients and many of those practices are embracing digital treatment in new ways and more purposely than ever before. In particular Invisalign providers are using the virtual tools we expedited over the last few months to minimize in office appointments and deliver doctor-directed personalized treatment that meets the needs of the moment, trusted, safe, convenient, and reflecting the digital option. The initiatives we have prioritized globally over the last few months, including support for doctors to ensure treatment and business continuity a shift to online education, and training, ramping availability of virtual tools to keep doctors and patients connected throughout the treatment, and continued investment in consumer marketing, and concierge program, and personal protective equipment or PPE are helping doctors navigate this evolving environment and come back stronger as their practices have reopened. We have received consistently positive reactions and feedbacks from doctors in support of our efforts over the last few months. While it's too early to know for sure how extensive and sustainable the digital transition will be. Interest in digital solutions is building even among doctors who were not early adopters or advocates prior to the pandemic. The positive feedback and momentum is not just around Invisalign treatment. It includes digital workflow around iTero scanners and general dentistry. Doctors are telling us that iTero is central to their practice and to their practice workflows and its key to driving digital treatment. With that let me turn to results. For Q2, total revenues were $352 million down, 36% sequentially and down 41% year-over-year reflecting significantly lower sales in Invisalign clear aligners and iTero scanners due to a full quarters effects of COVID-19 pandemic on practice closures. Revenues from clear aligners were $298 million and Imaging System and CAD/CAM services were $54 million. On a year-over-year basis while clear aligner shipments were 222,000 cases down 41% year-over-year, we are pleased with the continued progresses we seen from our recovery efforts throughout the quarter. For the quarter, we shipped Invisalign cases to approximately 48,000 doctors, of which 3,000 were first time customers, reflecting lower doctor activity due to practice closures primarily in Americas GP channel. We also trained approximately 3500 new doctors in Q2 including 2350 international doctors. While our inability to hold in person courses due to COVID-19 result in fewer trained doctors in the second quarter, we continue with a significantly larger number of Invisalign doctors through online virtual education courses, summits, and forums. For the teen market in Q2 71,000 teens and preteens started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, representing 32% of total cases shipped, reflecting growth from APAC across comprehensive products. By the end of the quarter we started to see recovery in the Ortho channel with increases in Invisalign comprehensive treatments in the teens and preteens segment across most regions with positive growth predominantly in the APAC in the teen segment. Invisalign first continues to accelerate among young patients as well and reflects greater resiliency as parents continue to prioritize orthodontic treatment for their kids. Overall, both non comprehensive and comprehensive shipments were down, but with increased adoption of our moderate product among the Ortho channel. Last week, we held our Teen Forum-Virtual Edition, taking what was a popular teen-intensive program for orthodontists launched last year and recreating it as a virtual experience. 6:29 In order to facilitate broader attendance among our customer doctors, we scheduled two teen virtual events. The first took place on July 17th and the second will be held this Friday. The program is designed to help doctors understand the highly visual online and on-demand world of todays teens and provides the know how tools and confidence to differentiate and grow their Invisalign teen practices. Approximately 800 customers have registered for this full day session that combines live and on demand sessions, clinical practice investor presentations, panel discussions, and invaluable insights from experts with successful teen practices. Now let's turn to the specifics around our second quarter results starting with the Americas. For the Americas region Q2 Invisalign case volume was down 53% sequentially and down 52% year-over-year reflecting significantly fewer Invisalign case shipments due to the impact of COVID-19. For Q2 reported utilization was down for NA Orthos and GP both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year, however utilization increased in June especially among certain orthodontists doing more Invisalign treatments with teen shipments recovering faster in North America, in late May, and through June. As part of our recovery programs we enabled doctors to switch their patients into Invisalign treatment by buying their wires and brackets. This program was well received and as a result doctors converted approximately 2500 wires and brackets cases to Invisalign clear aligner patients. In the GP segment the timing of officer openings and case prioritization are slow to recovery in this key segment as compared to the orthodontic segment, but the GP segment is catching up. In terms of timing of the recovery in the Americas, the US continues to lead followed by Canada and LatAm corresponding to the timing of the pandemic related shutdown and reopenings in each region. For international business Q2 Invisalign case volumes were down 17.2% sequentially reflecting a significant decrease in EMEA again due to the impact of COVID-19, partially offset by growth from APAC which was ahead in the recovery curve in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and South Korea. On a year-over-year basis international shipments were down 27.1% reflecting a decline in EMEA partially offset by slight growth in APAC. For EMEA Q2 volumes were down sequentially 44% and down 46% on a year-over-year basis across all markets with more softness in the GP channel compared to. ortho We continue to see momentum within Invisalign first for Invisalign treatment in young patients. Overall we saw slower deceleration in teen shipment growth than adults driven by Germany and France. The expansion market had less decline and only accounted for five points decline in EMEA. We also rolled out a recovery 360 program in EMEA with over 3700 Orthodonists enrolled resulting in a stronger partnership perception by our customers including an increase in our Net Promoter Score or NPS. Using a combination of our adapt consultants which I'll be describing more later and territory managers, we held practices with the workflow and scheduling, increased our doctors engagement with their patients through the use of education, and communication tools, and provided business by ability, access sustainability materials to the doctors. In May over 1400 attendees from three regions, 75 countries participated in our virtual Invisalign scientific forum in EMEA. At the end of June we held a virtual GP growth Summit with over 1300 doctors from over 42 countries who signed up to gain insights on business, dentistry, health, and chain management. During the summit we launched our GP recovery program and we received great feedback on the tools and approach we provide to support business recovery. During the quarter we also offered over 150 online and on-demand education events which reached over 20,000 GPs cumulatively. In July we launched the Invisalign Gold Plus system in UK, in Nordic, and Benelux which offers a wider treatment options, enables dentist to treat more patients with confidence, and can be easily integrated into a wide range of restorative treatments in their practice. For APAC Q2 volumes were up sequentially 41% reflecting improving trends as practices reopened and got back the business, as well as COVID-19 recovery measures we implemented in China. On a year-over-year basis APAC was up 3.4% compared to the prior year and was the only region up year-on-year. As mentioned earlier we saw positive growth in APAC in teen shipments led by China reflecting a strong uptick recovery programs. In the GP segment we saw growth in the non comprehensive cases with Invisalign Gold and the launch of [indiscernible] in China continuing to further demonstrate doctor confidence in treating young patients with Invisalign. Throughout the region Japan, Taiwan, and South Korea successfully managed recovery efforts and performed better than expected. During the quarter, we reached a major milestone with our 1 million Invisalign patient in APAC, an athlete in modern day and fencing who is being treated by Dr. Yogart in Tokyo, Japan. Earlier this month we held the Invisalign Teen forum in China in a virtual from broadcast of four venues in Beijing, Shunde, Wuhan to approximately 8000 participants. The forum focused on the innovations and applications of digital technology in clear aligners as well as theories in clinical practices for teen patients. The forum brought together outstanding orthodontists from leading dental colleges from approximately 30 academic institutions. We believe that our global clinical education programs are the best in the industry and weve been even more valuable to doctors throughout the pandemic. We launched a new improved digital learning environment for our doctors this year offering a comprehensive learning platform with role specific content for orthos, GPs, and their teams. They improved functionality enables more online learning opportunities with Spotlight features for what's trending now recommending learning paths based on doctors experiences in extended categories including digital treatment planning, comprehensive dentistry, and team education. To date over 85,000 doctors have access to recorded lectures and completed self pace learning models and watched how to videos and over 3 million sessions. Among the ortho channel over 30,000 unique users have engaged with the digital learning side with an additional 50,000 unique users from the GP channel. We are encouraged by the digital training utilization rates among our doctors which has helped them continue their Invisalign treatment learning journey during the pandemic. Feedback from the participants describes the courses as engaging, providing broader reach to online events, and a strong desire that Align continue to provide these virtually. They also acknowledged Aligns agility, and providing relevant tools and content to help them during the lockdown. We see this as an ongoing opportunity to enhance doctor learning to direct feedback and continuous improvement. Building on the benefit of clinical education and training today we announced a global launch of the Align digital and practice transformation or ADAPT service. This is our first customized consulting services in support offering for doctors and was developed based on years of learnings from practices that saw strong growth, and practice transformation when changing their practice to digital. Initially available to Invisalign and iTero doctors in select segments of the EMEA market and then in the US, the global program is now generally available in EMEA and APAC regions that will be available in the US in the second half of this year. The ADAPT program is an expert in independent fee based business consulting services offered by Align to optimize clinics, operational workflow, and processes to enhance patient experience, and customer, and staff satisfaction which will turn translate into higher growth and greater efficiencies for orthodontic practices That goal of ADAPT program is to support digital practice transformation for doctors and their staff. ADAPT is designed for orthodontists as approximately 200 total cases start per year who are seeking to build their future business. Driven by a team of independent business consultants, analysts, and program support specialists, ADAPT offers a customized on-site consulting service to each participating practice. The program combines a review of business operations and practice workflow data with Align's expertise and digital workflow optimization, practice support, business transformation, marketing, and clinical education support. The pilot version of the program has been successfully developed across EMEA, the United States, Asia Pacific region over the last 12 months. As a result of the ADAPT service participating practices improved profitability of 15% within six months of implementation and increased practice revenue up to 20%. Our consumer marketing is focused on building the clear liner category and driving demand for Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. In Q2 we saw strong digital engagement globally with more than 70% increase in unique visitors as well on leads. Other key metrics showed increased activity engagement with Invisalign brand and are included in our Q2 quarterly presentation slides available on our website. We're pleased with our strong engagement and activity we have seen on our customer platforms over the last few months. I do believe it speaks to the strength of the brand, a consumer interest in treatment even doing a challenges the last few months. In Q3 we're coming into what is typically the strongest part of the teen season with teens and younger kids are home from the summer break and likely to start treatment before heading back to school. And while back-to-school looks very different this year in many countries including United States, this is still a time and practice is orthodontic practices are focusing on younger patients. Teens are the biggest, the most critical part of orthodontic practices and our huge influences and drivers of practice growth. That matters now more than ever as we partner with practices in this recovery. One of the most important ways we partner with customers is by creating demand for Invisalign treatment and to drive teens and parents to the practices for great outcomes and great treatment experiences. We have just launched a new Teen and month-focused consumer campaign designed to do this just that by reaching teens and moms where they are most engaged on digital platform, social channels and later this year national cable TV channels where they sped the most time like Instagram, Twitch for Teens, Instagram, Facebook and people.com for moms. We're going to leverage influences that teens and kids follow interest like Charlie DMelio. We recently established a new partnership with Charlie, who is a really dynamic kid and accomplished dancer who has a combined following of over 90 million fans on TikTok and Instagram, she's about to become a new Invisalign patient and ambassador for our brand. She'll be sharing her treatment journey in a way that is relevant to teens across social platforms. And our new campaign will get the heart of what, it get to the heart of what Invisalign is and what it isnt, using straightforward language that teens respond to. Our goal is to tell teens why parents and Invisalign is more of advanced and or more comfortable than traditional braces emphasizing that this is not your parents braces. We also want to ensure that they know that doctors are front and center in the Invisalign treatment because it's time to be very candid about the benefits of digital orthodontics and Invisalign treatment specifically. For our assistance and services business which now includes exocad Q2 revenues were down 22% sequentially. We are pleased to see the momentum with Element 5D Imaging Systems in North America and APAC along with sales of iTero element one scanner modeling China and significant sales of the flex scanners modeling EMEA. On a year-over-year basis, system and services revenues were down 48% were slightly offset by the inclusion of exocad CAD/CAM services. Cumulative the over 24 million orthodontic scans are 5.5 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners. For Q2 total Invisalign cases in mid of the digital scanner in the Americas increased to 86% from 77% in Q2 last year. International scans increased to 72%, up from 61% in the same quarter last year. We're pleased to see that within the Americas 96% of cases submitted by North American orthodontists were submitted digitally. We also recently announced that the iTero Element 5D Imaging System was awarded best new technology solution for dentistry in the 2020 Medtech awards. The annual program honors outstanding health and medical technology products and companies. We also received an award for dentistry IQ naming the iTero, Element 5D Imaging System as number 10 of 14 products and services to help dentist rebound from COVID-19. With that I turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks John, now for our Q2 financial results. Total revenue for the second quarter was $352.3 million, down 36.1% from the prior quarter and down 41.3% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. For clear aligners, Q2 revenues of $298.3 million was down 38.1% sequentially and down 39.9% year-over-year due to volume decreases across most regions. Driven by North America and EMEA and LATAM partially offset by APAC. Clear aligner revenue growth was impacted unfavorably from foreign exchange of approximately $6 million or approximately one point year-over-year. Q2 Invisalign ASPs were flat sequentially at $1,255 primarily due to promotional discounts and unfavorable foreign exchange mostly offset by increased revenue from countries with higher list prices and increased other case and revenue revenues. On a year over year basis Q2 Invisalign ASPs increased approximately $25 primarily reflecting price increases in all regions and additional line of revenue, partially offset by promotional discounts and unfavorable foreign exchange. One example of our crisis recovery program that we have implemented in Q2 was a switch program that enable doctors to switch wires and bracket patients into Invisalign clear aligners. Total Q2 Invisalign shipments of 221.9 thousand cases were down 38.3% sequentially and down 41.2% year-over-year. Our system and services revenues for the second quarter was $54 million down 22.2% sequentially and down 48.1% year-over-year due to volume decreases across most regions except APAC. Promotional discounts and a decrease in service revenue partially offset by exocad revenue. Moving on to gross margin. Second quarter overall gross margin was 63.7% down 7.9% sequentially and down 8.3 points year-over-year. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation expense and amortization of intangibles related to exocad, overall gross margin was 64.4% for the second quarter down 7.4 points sequentially and down 7.8 points year-over-year. Q2 gross margin reflects Aligns decision to maintain our head count and salaries across our operations in anticipation of a volume pick up as the COVID-19 pandemic subsides. This decision also enabled us to manufacture nasal tests swabs for hospitals and PPE for use by our own employees as well as our doctors as they reopen their practices. We also postponed iTero subscription fees for one month in the US and parts of APAC. On a year-over-year basis Q2 gross margin includes approximately 0.7% impact from unfavorable foreign-exchange. Clear aligner gross margin for the second quarter was 64.5%, down 8.5 points sequentially and down 9.2 points year-over-year due to lower volumes driving higher cost per case and increased freight costs from higher international shipment mix. On a year over year basis, the decreased in the clear aligner gross margin was partially offset by an increase in Invisalign ASPs and continued in efficiency improvements. Systems and services gross margin for the second quarter was 59.2%, down 2.6 points sequentially and 4.4 points year-over-year due to lower ASPs and lower volumes with higher cost per unit and amortization of intangible assets related to the exocad acquisition partially offset by lower service support part. Q2 operating expenses were $297.3 million, down sequentially 8.4% and up 60.2% year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating expenses reflects lower travel spend, decreased compensation related to commissions and lower marketing and media spend, partially offset by higher exocad acquisition cost. Year-over-year, operating expenses increased by $41.5 million, this is mainly caused by the $51 million favorable litigation settlement received in Q2, 2019 offset by cost controls measures in Q2 of 2020. On a non-GAAP basis, operating expenses were $265.6 million down sequentially 11.9% and down 7% year-over-year due to the reasons as described above, offset by exocad cost. Our second quarter operating loss was $73 million, down 204.4% sequentially and down 141.4% year-over-year. Our second quarter operating margin was negative 20.7% down 33.4 points sequentially and down 50.1 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating income and operating margin are primarily attributed to lower revenues and gross margin as a result of lower volume from COVID-19 impacts. Operating margin was unfavorably impacted by approximately 0.9 points year-over-year from foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis the decrease in operating income and operating margin primarily reflects lower gross profit on lower volumes from the impact of COVID-19 in addition to the prior-year quarter included the $51 million favorable litigation settlement. On a non-GAAP basis which excludes stock -based compensation, acquisition-related costs and amortization of intangibles related to exocad, operating margin for the second quarter was minus 11%, down 28.1 point sequentially and down 35.6 points year-over-year. Interest and other income and expense net for the quarter was an expense of $0.5 million including a $1 million hedge loss related to the exocad acquisition excluding the hedge loss interest in other income and expense net was 0.5 million income on a non-GAAP basis. With regards to the second quarter tax provision, our GAAP tax rate was 44. 8% which includes a tax benefit related to the impact of changes in the jurisdictional mix of forecasted income to GAAP profits recorded last quarter. The second quarter tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was 27.8% compared to 33.2% in prior quarter and 25.3% in the same quarter a year ago. The second quarter non-GAAP tax rate was lower than the first quarters rate primarily due to changes in jurisdictional mix of forecasted full year results. Second quarter net loss per diluted share was negative $0.52 down $19.73 sequentially and down $2.35 compared to prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, net loss per diluted share was negative $0.35 for the second quarter down $1.08 sequentially and down $1.84 year-over-year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of June 30th, 2020 cash and cash equivalents were $404.4 million, a decrease of approximately $386.3 million from the prior quarter, which is primarily due to the acquisition of exocad partially offset by a free cash flow improvement. Of our $404.4 million of cash and cash equivalents, $160.2 million was held in the US and $244.2 million was held by our international entities. Q2 accounts receivable balance was $473.3 million down approximately 11.2% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding, DSOs was 121 days, up 34 days sequentially and up 44 days as compared to Q2 last year due to doctor office closures that resulted in slower accounts receivable collections. We expect DSOs to remain relatively high has doctors offices return resume normal business activity. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $59.9 million. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were $34.4 million, primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner capacity and facilities. Free cash flow defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures amounted to $25.5 million. Under our May 2018 repurchase program, we have $100 million still available for repurchase of our common stock. Now let me turn to our outlook. Since the last time that we talked, the orthodontic and dental market had continued to evolve in response to government regulations and safety guidance from local, regional and national health officials. We believe that all of our markets have bottomed out and are recovering, albeit at different rates and different times corresponding with regional outbreaks and recoveries from COVID-19 preventative measures as we're now seeing improvements in consumer and doctor activity. Nevertheless, we're mindful that the demand environment remains uncertain. There may be additional waves of infection and governments around the world may strategically choose to shut down cities, states and countries again forcing people to shelter in place and practices to close again therefore we're not providing any forward-looking guidance. While our management team understands the markets remain fluid, we continue to focus on taking care of our employees, customers and shareholders for our employees we are committed to protecting our employees, and do not intend to implement furloughs or salary reduction. For our customers we will continue to be supportive of our customers who are impacted by COVID 19 and are committed to helping slow the spread of virus by providing PPE to doctors. We continue to release products, tools, and promotions to help our doctors recover from the crisis. For our shareholders, we will continue to invest in our strategic initiatives to grow in a vastly underpenetrated market and position our company to capture growth as the market returns to normal. This includes continued investment in Aligns end to end digital workflow as well as increased investment in the Invisalign brand and consumer demand creation as you heard Joe described earlier. We will continue to add resources in markets that give us a good return. Im very proud of what Align is accomplished while maintaining our financial discipline during this pandemic. We finished Q2 with $404.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, closed the purchase of exocad for $430 million and still delivered free cash flow of $25.5 million despite having the lowest volume Align has had in a very long time. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model, the strength of our balance sheet, and our strong operational focus. Im also pleased to share that we have established a new line of credit of $300 million with a consortium of banks led by Citibank. This new land replaces our line of credit with Wells Fargo. As a market leader in clear aligners and digital dentistry we are well positioned to continue investing strategically for the future. With that I'll turn it back to Joe for final comments Joe.
Joe Hogan: Thanks John. In summary we're pleased with our progress last quarter and by the customer responses to the actions weve been taking to support their practices and patients. We have developed a careful recovery approach that accounts for the safety of our employees, our customers, and their teams, and their patients, and are committed to helping doctors navigate this evolving environment, and be successful. One of the biggest lessons we have learned over the last few months is about the critical importance of digital technology. Align has always been a proponent of digital treatment to think about all these things that digital platforms and virtual tools have enabled during the crisis. The people in the businesses, and the customers who stayed connected, the way were able to adapt to working from home, the rise of tele consults, the AI that modeled the virus patterns, and informed health experts, and so much more. Consider also the companies that have thrived, most of the companies that are digital with their core, Amazon, Apples, Zoom and Netflix just to name a few. The advantage of digital are much more magnified to practitioners and consumers. This became even clear in our industry when practices were shut down for months. Over and over we heard Ive been able to help my Invisalign patients progress in progress, but I had to just try to keep my patients in a holding pattern with wires and brackets. Treating orthodontic cases has amplified the clear benefits of digital technology in clear aligners. This is a method self serving. This pandemic has emphasized the benefits of digital technology across many facets of our lives and businesses. Our acquisition of exocad adds additional digital workflows that play in the GP space and lab space. We're all excited about the exocad team and what our investment brings to this new world of the digital dentistry. Aligns digital platform has made it possible for thousands of doctors and patients to continue Invisalign treatments throughout the global disruption. Thanks to the digital orthodontics of Invisalign aligners, iTero digital, records, and simulations, digital treatment planning, and virtual monitoring, and care. At Align we have always believed that digital orthodontics is the best option for teens and adults. As you can see from a peak at our current teen campaign, were going to feature this going forward. Whats clear to us is that the momentum were seeing in the business and in the dental and ortho practices reflects more than just one thing or one new products or tool or one program or action. It reflects continued improvement and continued execution of our core strategy across our business in every region. Were going to continue to stay the course while remaining vigilant and agile. We feel good about the progress that we have made and as we continue along the recovery phase of COVID 19 crisis in many regions we are focused on what we can control and impact. We are in a unique position to continue investing to a huge underpenetrated market, to extend our lead, and accelerated growth. With that I want to thank you again for joining our call. I look forward to updating on our progress as the year unfolds. Now Ill turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Rich: Thanks. Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. Joe you highlighted the improvement that you saw in June. I understand sort of the rational for now providing guidance for 3Q kind of given kind of the situation, but can you maybe help us better understand kind of where the business kind of you and so just we have better sense of what the jumping out point is as we think about the back half of the year?
Joe Hogan: Yeah I mean we saw dramatic improvement between April and June. Obviously we were kind of in the jaws of COVID 19 with all the shutdowns in April. May was little better and then weve seen strong momentum as weve moved into June. So I think you can look at that as a significant improvement in our business overall.
Nathan Rich: Okay great and then you highlighted the 3000 customers that were new to Invisalign this quarter. Can you maybe just talk about how that compares to maybe what you see in a typical quarter and kind of what youre doing was going to ensure that those doctors become kind of longer term customers of Invisalign?
Joe Hogan: Yeah I mean thats. I mean when you think about COVID 19 and what the business has really faced in that. 3000 customers thus for us was terrific in that way. You don't actually look for new customers coming in on that. Youre looking for utilization rates on your current base. I mean we felt and I felt really great about the 3000. Obviously that got stronger as the quarter went on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi. Can you talk about. Do you think Asia is a good path to think about in terms of the recovery or do you see sort of significant differences in that geography that should prevent this from extrapolating?
Joe Hogan: Yeah I think Asia is so diverse in itself. Its hard just to extrapolate Asia Elizabeth. .I mean obviously China was kind of first out of this thing, but China has had bumpy road also with the recent issues in Shanghai and different areas, so every one of these regions has its own unique footprint in its own unique model in a sense of how theyve dealt with the virus, but obviously it in our transcript, but weve seen significant improvement in really every region around the world.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay and I think you commented also in terms of your cost structure, in terms of not furloughing in place. Is there any other major changes to the cost structure in the third quarter maybe just in the back of the year generally that we should think about as were updating our models?
John Morici: Hi Elizabeth this is John. We continue to believe in our model. Its a vastly underpenetrated market. We're going to make strategic investments to better grow in that market. Whether its R&D, sales, and marketing were going to continue to make those investments where we see a return.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi good afternoon. Thanks for the time here. I wonder first Joe, could you give us any more color on the breadth of uptake of some of the new digital tools that you referred to and the extent to which practices are making these changes and converting over to something of a virtual experience. I mean is this. Is this 2% of your customer base? Is it a lot bigger than that? Any color is really very helpful there?
Joe Hogan: Steve when we talk about digital platform, you really start with iTero on the front end and even in a downturn like we saw with COVID in the capital equipment business. iTero showed up well and particularly with 5D in different areas, but thats the front end of this whole piece that we talk about on digital platform, then you move through our obviously our treatment planning, and all, but what we added had when you think about the whole breadth of a global digital platform we added virtual care, that knew about and we came out so that. Doctors could talk to our patients remotely and be able to track treatment and actually we had several doctors actually close treatments cases remotely with our virtual treatment capability. And that really extended the effectiveness of the doctor's, and the effectiveness of the digital treatment in that sense too. There is a lot of imaging that we do now in our treatment planning and all too, so its not just tracking patients, it's also having images and different things that you can share with the patient is a sense of where they should be around treatment in those types of areas. So it's a broad kind of a digital platform we're talking about. I mean we had tens of thousands of people on our virtual care platform as we rolled that thing out in a matter of 30 days and all around the world. And well continue to update that platform with AI. Well make it much more predictive so that doctors don't have to look at every patient. We have a strong roadmap in that sense too Steve so its just, its the breadth of the digital platform, and how it covers everything from starting with the consumer, turning them into a patient from iTero all the way to the back end up being able to monitor, and treat those patients.
Steve Beuchaw: Just one more from me. What I'm trying to get to here is some perspective on what the underlying trend is and I appreciate that you don't want to talk about the exit rate leaving 2Q and you're not going to give guidance for 3Q, but what if I said let's imagine a scenario where we don't have another wave of lockdowns where practices are operating, and what is admittedly a challenging environment, but we don't have any sort of government level, or professional society level. Youve got to stop doing cases or stop engaging in practices. If that's the operating environment were in I mean can you grow in 3Q or the back half of the year? Can you speak at all to what the business would look like in that situation if we don't get more lockdowns? Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Steve Id say we're incredibly optimistic in this scenario that you painted where we don't see another COVID shutdown on a major market that lasts a long period of time. Based on the recoveries that weve seen in the latter half of May and then the strong recovery in June, we feel really good about the future of this business in the third and fourth quarter and beyond. John anything to add?
John Morici: That covers it.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Hey guys. Good afternoon hey. Joe I hope you can hear me okay. A similar line of questioning, just sort of emendated with e mails about sorts of trends so let me try to frame it this way. I think with slide 8 you guys have increase in North America utilization for June. I think first part of the question is I just want to be clear. That was for both orthos and GPs up the slide. It was hard to tease that out and if thats the case Joe was that pure. In other words Im getting questions on practices reopened in May and obviously there is a lot of backlog, so youre saying North America grew in June, but was it pure or? Was it a benefit of backlog and maybe you could comment if that growth continued into July would be very helpful for North America?
John Morici: Hey John this is John. Some of that is, some of its backlog, and some of it is additional growth that they would have, so the utilization has improved as those doctors have come back to work and theyre seeing patients, and thats true in North America and thats true in all countries where we see those doctors offices opening up, so it's hard to tell how much is backlog versus how much is more run rate going forward, but were a combination of both.
Jon Block: And the second part of the questions is Joe Ive got you. That increase or the year over year growth in North America does that continue to the month of July?
Joe Hogan: That momentum continued to be strong John.
Jon Block: Okay fantastic and the second part of the question, go from very near term next month to sort of 18 months out, 24 months out. John just as we think about the model longer term I think there Street has you guys from a 2021 perspective. Revenue is higher in 2021 to 2019. Let put away 2020 for a whole host of reasons, but let's look at 2010 versus 2019. Structurally if revs are higher by ex %, should the margin structure also be higher. I look back to 2019, you had someone timers and legal et cetera. You reset the base, but if that were the case I'm just trying to figure out do you think the margin profile would also follow when we look at the earnings power? Thanks guys.
Joe Hogan: Yeah, thanks John. So as we look at investing our believing in our long-term model, a long term growth model and that has up margin at the 25+% so that's how we look to keep investing. As you get some benefit through the expansion and other things you might get some leverage as you go but we believe in that long-term model and that's how we look forward on our investments.
Jon Block: Okay. Thanks guys a follow up, I appreciate it.
Joe Hogan: Thanks Jon.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from the line of Ravi Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ravi Misra: Hi thanks for taking the question, I hope everyone is well. So it is just first I wanted to ask you gave us some sort of inclination about what the COVID impact was in Q1, anything that you can provide color-wise on that for Q2?
Joe Hogan: Yeah I think Ravi was [indiscernible] you know obviously April was tough as you came out of March into April, you know we saw some stabilization in May and then good progress in June overall so it just a complete kind of beginning and end of the quarter overall and like we just mentioned by John is thats what continued into July also.
Ravi Misra: Okay I guess and I guess it's going to be hard to get a dollar figure out of you guys. How about just on a ADAPT I'm curious about the business model here when you're talking about kind of increase in utilization, can you help us think about how you plan on monetizing that is there some sort of profit-sharing or revenue-sharing that comes to the increased caseload and when does that kind of start to kind of flow through the P&L should we expect this as a 2021 event or when is this a small program that shouldn't really ever material impact to revenue. Thanks.
John Morici: Ravi this is John, so you talk about that ADAPT program that we spoke about?
Ravi Misra: Yeah.
Joe Hogan: Look, we believe the digital transformation and this is the way we see that in testing that we have done to be able to help practices be more efficient moving from analog to digital, we believe in the platform and believe in that process and these are initiatives that will take to help the fact. It will be a service for a fee and those doctors, those practices will see the benefit we have seen it time after time on those practices that they have seen improvement in their efficiency and profitability and we want to be at a provide that service.
Ravi Misra: What kind of a upfront payment?
Joe Hogan: Well I think you know the way we have built that will be probably different by region but it is not an easy transition for practitioners to go from analog to digital and we have known thats been one of the fictional point for customers wanting to obviously go digital from a dentistry standpoint, orthodontic standpoint so we have learned a lot and we're using those learnings for customers to reach out and really want to make a commitment for digital transformation and we know we can help, we filed last year in every region and we rolled it out full force now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Valiquette: You guys mentioned the, that braces buyback program which had some success with 2500 patients which is I guess I was curious whether that program as something started turn into substantially larger numbers in the remainder of 2020 or that can maybe a smaller part of the overall picture, also did you do that just in North America or you planning to do that in most regions thanks?
Joe Hogan: We have been doing that program in different countries in Asia for a while so I mean how to implement it. We thought of the good time in North America obviously because some doctors being trapped with the large and brackets patients and their inability to be able to help them so, we'll continue that, well continue through this quarter if we, whether we continue or not, it was really based on what consumer needs are and what doctors need are but will make that decision when time comes, we just trying to help in the moment and in the sense of doctors being able to control the practices and I help the patients.
Steven Valiquette: Okay, finally my pre-teen daughter was wondering if you can say hi to Charlie DMelio for when you get a chance.
Joe Hogan: Got it, got it surely better than what I will be important for us okay.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Brien with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Matt O'Brien: Good afternoon, thanks for taking that question. Just for a starters, just as we think about the recovery here in Q2, I look at the adult number on a worldwide basis as it was down 45, teen was down 32 per my math, but obviously in the US or North America that number was much lower so with the higher unemployment rates with more people kind of staying at home, how does the adult market in the US recovered during the back half of the year?
Joe Hogan: You know I think it's honestly hard to call them and obviously which are playing out our teams here, and this is a seasonal time for teens and we know we'll get a strong signal here in the third quarter. But we're a lot optimistic about adults, I think there is a lot of just talking to different people in marketplace and you noticed to this seems to be a lot of people with time on their hand, wanting to do elective procedures that they didn't have time to do before, were picking this stuff all around the country. So unlike 2008 where a lot of things folded up because people are worried about their personal wealth, people are sheltering in place, socially distancing and especially our demographic that we work through right now, seem to have more time on their hands to be able to pursue these kinds of things so we're also be optimistic on the adult segment going forward third and fourth quarter also.
Matt O'Brien: Okay. Thanks and then a follow-up question. Joe just to your point about all this enthusiasm that you are seeing going forward in holding SG&A higher, gross margins and taking a hit right now because you are keeping folks in place, you got all this optimism. The doctoring number was down a little bit but obviously thats COVID related, so can you just illuminate a little bit more where all this enthusiasm and optimism comes from as we start thinking beyond this year, we are touch points on the dockside in terms of virtual in person way higher, I guess what everybody's trying to get their hands on because of COVID, do you think this could accelerate the adoption of clear aligners versus traditional practices and wires given all the benefits of less office visits et cetera?
Joe Hogan: Matthew you asked the million-dollar question right or the billion dollar question all right. We think, obviously our story has always been, were way underpenetrating this marketplace based on what consumers want, based on what our technology can do from a clinical standpoint. The consumer experience that's going on, I think we all think that COVID is really shine the light on this of much less invasive treatment, much easier in this sense location standpoint, much better workflow for doctors to keep track of their patient. So, we think if anything this is a time if this could happen, we're not telling you that this is a tipping point in entire thing but we certainly see this isn't hurting our story and it certainly being supported out there not just in United States but broadly around the world.
Matt O'Brien: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Hogan: Hey John.
John Kreger: I just following up on Matt's question just if you could give us your sense of how you view the attitude of the consumer right now, they have the sort of forced deferral as practices shut down but now the practices are reopen, what is your sense about the willingness of the consumers sort of step up and make this purchase, does it fell like business is normal or still very much in a wait-and-see mode?
Joe Hogan: Well it feels like you know to it a teen season, we talked about this before John, we call this elective procedures but Teens have a certain clinical window that they fit into and it's always a timeframe with parents and we're very optimistic that that kind of Team focus and growth will continue in the third quarter, in China too, in United States and different places. But also this is a different, John this is different than 2008 from what we feel is consumers seem to have more optimism in the sense of economy you see it in the stock market right now we're see it there and they have more time on their hands with many people not working from offices. And so we're optimistic again that there is money out there and there is a willingness of patient to pursue this electric treatments and I think you also have to look at the static market from a surgical standpoint and see whats going on there too. It seems it support that kind of an idea also. So its, this is different than what we have seen in past recessions for sure, I am not a registered economist, neither is John, we're good at visualizing in this business and that's where we can only just a reiterate to you the signals we are seeing in the marketplace. But right now as this comes back, we know that all dental offices are not completely up to speed but that is not necessary based on demand, thats based on the way that they have to actually face this patients through their practices and make sure that they keep their staff safe and they keep patients safe too.
John Kreger: Great. Thank you and then one last one, you mentioned being still very much committed innovation, can you give us an update there, how is an mandibular advancement being adopted and any update on palate expansion?
Joe Hogan: Yeah its hard to take a second quarter on MA and give you a trend because it was a pretty hard hit overall, obviously bringing shock on my numbers. You know I would say overall mandibular advancement continues to go well, we pair with our team first product, Invisalign first product line which is doing extremely well also and so yeah what you really find around the world, John as you find some doctors just glued to amend that advancement, they would love it, they use it every day, other ones are trying it out, that they have had it on some patients and watching through it. On the first product line, they got to combine that together and so we see significant increase in what I call a clinical penetration because we can do those kinds of cases that we could really have done, you know every two years ago at all. So I would say, the way to look at that is our Teen first product, Invisalign first being the most uptake and a fastest uptake with mandibular advancement right behind it.
John Kreger: Great and any update on palate expansion?
Joe Hogan: We have all the protocols we know how to do it, we're trying to find manufacturing capabilities that can scale with what we have been in middle out there, that sounds trivial but in a business like this where you have credible amount of volume you have to put through, we still have some work to do in that skillet more.
John Kreger: Great thank you.
Joe Hogan: Thanks John.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Hogan: Hi Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: So what the qualifying questions here if I could, when I saw that like John Black's question on the North American number, it depends on how you read the sentences in your slide deck, was North America up year-over-year in June and then if I take your April, May, June comments and May a little bit better than June a significant better. It seems like June on the kind of global revenue basis had to be down only 10% to 20% or so I don't know if youve talked to that at all but when I look at street down 20% in 3Q, it seems like you sitting pretty comfortable with the street kind of the $486 million revenue number where that right now, so just any help you can give us again we want to make sure we get kind of that 3Q at least ballpark accurate?
Joe Hogan: Yeah just a top year over year, not just total not from a June standpoint. Not just quarter-over-quarter but June year-over-year, so this is a pretty strong signal.
Jeff Johnson: Is that year-over-year in June?
Joe Hogan: Yes.
Jeff Johnson: Okay, and the [indiscernible] down 20% in the third quarter from a global revenue perspective, it sounds like your June kind of globally was probably down less than that 20% if I cannot see April, May, June comments. So just kind of your comfort at that $486 million number where the 3Q I know that you're not guiding but I would assume you dont have too many concerns on that number?
John Morici: We'll give you an A for trying. Thats a good one Jeff.
Joe Hogan: Thats was good one John. No, we are not guiding but trying to give you as much information on people doing surveys and other work as well you can up trying a little around it but just I want to give out for the things we talked about, don't want to give on future guidance. Jeff you're not being Q here, its hard to read signal, two noise right now and that's okay.
Jeff Johnson: Totally understood, last question. Just on the virtual tools as some doctors come back we are talking to on the therapy and hey I have had patients that I haven't seen in three months are so progressing wow, there may be going to go to a Q3 month instead of every two months follow-up schedule with their clear aligner patients in that. I mean it seems like to me we're getting here if Im down on even some of these really messed up teen cases o three hours, four hours for tools may be take that lower time, just talk of the efficiency and throughput advantage of thats going to have braces even that's going to be the real driver even more sale than others digital and what have you it's just the efficiency improvements are getting so good here in clear aligners.
Joe Hogan: Yeah, I would say when we say all that digital, its just that what allows them to drive the efficiency you're talking about, just so when you have this kind of digital tools, allow you to monitor patients to communicate with patients one on one or you know any kind of AI they can tell patient if they're off-track or on track and we know that interaction also encourages patients with the most important variable Invisalign treatment is compliance, making sure that they have their aligners intact and if doctors are watching and we are keeping up, in that sense it helps also. And so what doctors find out overtime is that they can -- they will have to see these patients like every three weeks, like they do with wires and brackets, they dont have to -- the obviously the PPE and everything else associated with their staff and all working through these patients. And, if the patient doesn't have to come in from a clear aligner standpoint, you either give them all their aligners upfront or you give them more aligners that allow them to continue to treatment, without having an actual doctors visit. So, its just tools, they are kind of tools that we use now and from a business standpoint that we have, but it is applied from a clinical standpoint to keep track of patients and to allow doctors to be more productive for sure.
Jeff Johnson: Understood, thanks.
Joe Hogan: Yeah, thanks Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Richard Newitter with SVB Leerink. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Newitter: Hi thanks for taking the question. I was just curious, the Switch program that you guys launched this quarter, has it been more effective in teens or adults and then I have a follow-up.
John Morici: Yeah, Rich, this is John. It is a program as Joe said that we had in Japan and other places as well, it is something that our doctors and many of their patients who were stuck in treatment and teeth were moving wanted to make a switch to this. It is not necessarily a teen versus adult, it's just patients who want to progress with treatment and did not want the uncertainty of the current environment that they are in or future environment and went to their doctors and their doctors wanted to be able to switch them over and we made it so that they could do so.
Joe Hogan: I think Richard, what you are hearing from both of us is, in this case we're not quite sure exactly how many teens and adults were on Switch program, it is a good question, but you got to guess statistically the orthodontic market in the United States is 80% teens and 20% adults. So you can guess the majority of Switches were probably teens, but that is  let me get that data back to you.
Richard Newitter: And the bigger question there that I'm trying to get at with some of the things that you're talking about in a post COVID world and all of the benefits that now kind of pile on to aligners versus wires and brackets. I was trying to ask the question through the Switch program to see if it would -- to test [indiscernible] but it would seem that teen doing the conversion with adult - the conversation with adults and being able to get teens and the parents over the finish line, you have an added level of sell now. Is that what you're actually seeing in the marketplace and is it fair to say that maybe COVID has - has resulted in the much anticipated inflection point for teens, is that fair.
Joe Hogan: Well it's fair that it helped. I cannot tell you that the inflection point is here, but we certainly see a lot of uptake and interest and a digital workflow and our digital methodology in light of COVID-19, our experience has been when doctors can really convert most of their practice and that's why ADAPT, once you get over 50%, 60% digital, your practices change significantly and the consumers like it better, doctors tend to like it better, what we talked about you have higher margin and also a dramatic increase like 20% increase from a revenue standpoint. So, yeah, this is certainly - a COVID is certainly been a push for this. We are cautious, we don't want to talk about a crisis thats just terrible for people, actually enhancing our business, but the fact is it does promote a workflow and a capability that's much more convenient at this point in time given the COVID threat.
Richard Newitter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ryskin: Hi there, thanks for taking the question guys. I have a couple of quick ones. In your prepared remarks Joe and John, you obviously talked about third quarter, how that's typically the strongest part of the teen season, typically you see the nice little bolus, in the summer as everyone kind of stays home. I'm just curious with the strength that you saw in 2Q, do you think there could have been any sort of pull forward in teens in the quarter, just looking at for the last couple of months everyones been home anyway. So any expectations of maybe a little bit of a lull in 3Q or should we expect further pickup from current levels.
Joe Hogan: I think Michael when you ask a question like that and you need to think of our business and how broad it is and global it is today. There's a lot of mitigating factors, right, so we cannot tell you if there is a backlog of patients that have come in sooner or whatever. We just know its teen season in United States and its Canada and I mean, I'm sorry in China, Canada also and we're June was indicative of a good increase in the sense of teens looking for treatment and we think that will continue.
Michael Ryskin: Great, thanks, and then another quick one. I realize you don't want to talk about the exit run rate or anything like that, but I think a lot of the assumptions is go forward are that there are no further lockdowns, there are no further sort of quarantine measures implemented, but I just want to ask in the recent weeks [indiscernible] in the Sunbelt, Texas, California, Florida, have you seen any fluctuation in volumes, any early indications there. I guess I am kind of asking of on the one hand you have a full recovery of the economy, on the other half you have full locking out, what if we were somewhat in the middle, are you seeing any indications there?
John Morici: Mike, I think you look at  every area is different, we are seeing a different pace of recovery for the various regions and locations and practices, some practices they are open but then somebody within the practice develops COVID and it shuts down so it varies across. We're doing everything we can to make sure that those doctors have their PPE, they have promotion, they have things in place to be able to help drive volume, but it's very dependent on those specific areas not just in the U.S. but we're seeing this across the other regions as well.
Joe Hogan: Mike, right, it is back to Joe again too, I just want you to know we have great enthusiasm for teen and no matter where it is around the world but we can't tell you if there is a surge of teen patients based on a lot of teens not being in school, we cannot tell you if it's a backlog or whatever, but we can tell you we're enthusiastic about the season and that June was a good indication that it's heading in the right direction.
Michael Ryskin: Great, thanks. Can I ask a quick clarification, okay just this has come up a dozen times in the past five minutes. Your response to Jeff's question on June, do you mean absolute case volume was up in North America in June or utilization is up in June.
Joe Hogan: Utilization.
Michael Ryskin: Okay, thank you so much, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard: Joe or John, just a question on China, if you could speak to growth specifically in 2Q I know it is still down year over year, were there any other reasons kind of outside the three that you listed, Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan that were ahead of kind of your internal expectations?
Joe Hogan: No I cannot say that there was really, I mean we didn't talk a lot specifically about that but Japan, Taiwan, and Korea were exceptions because there were hardly a blip in a sense of what we saw and how they were affected with COVID but really every other country in APAC and most countries around the world we say except for the expansion markets in Asia and obviously COVID was a big impact on them.
Brandon Couillard: Okay.
Joe Hogan: And then balance of the question John, I think so.
Brandon Couillard: John, any chance you could share with us the exocad contribution in the second quarter or to results or should we just wait for the [Q4] for that.
John Morici: Yeah, I think we talked about been in the scanner and services segment that we have and I think you can wait for the Q on that but it's - we acquired and it is part of our business and we will put more details into the Q.
Shirley Stacy: I think that's the last question. So thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. If you have any follow-up questions, please follow up with Investor Relations. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Align Technology First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Shirley Stacy, VP of Corporate and Investor Communications. Thank you. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us. Joining me today is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued first quarter 2020 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately one month. Telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 P.M. Eastern Time through 5:30 P.M. Eastern Time on May 13th. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13701221 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events and product outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, if applicable, and our first quarter 2020 conference and earnings release and conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. I hope that you and your families are well. Given the significant disruption to our business caused by the extraordinary measures taken by governments, public and private institutions, and businesses around the world to fight the spread of COVID-19, most of the performance metrics I would normally discuss are less meaningful. Therefore, on our call today, in addition to the highlights from our Q1 results, I'll discuss the trends that we're seeing through early March prior to the escalation in the COVID-19 cases that resulted in shutdowns across Europe and North America, and compounded the initial impact from similar shutdowns in China beginning in January. I'll also talk about our view of recovery and strategy to help our doctor-customers navigate this challenging environment and ensure our business continuity. John will provide more detail on our financial performance and comment on the current trends across our business globally, including the momentum we're beginning to see in China. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. With that, let me start with a few comments on our first quarter results through early March. At that time, China was progressing in line with our original guidance for Q1, which include approximately 20,000 to 25,000 fewer cases and $30 million to $35 million less revenues for Invisalign and iTero products, and other regions were performing ahead of our Q1 outlook. However, the situation quickly changed in mid-March as most governments in EMEA and North America closed down non-essential businesses initiated stay-at-home orders. As a result, the vast majority of Invisalign practices shut down and stopped seeing patients, and our business fell off sharply. We believe the incremental impact of COVID-19 on our Q1 results was approximately 50,000 fewer cases and approximately $85 million less revenues for Invisalign and iTero products.  At the same time, while EMEA, North America and other parts of APAC fell off in mid-March, we began to see improvements in China as the country started to open up again. While it's still early in the recovery process and the situation is different in every city and for every practice, we're working closely with our doctors to support their current needs and ensure they have a game plan to resume operations in a very different environment for the foreseeable future. More on that in a few minutes. Now let's go through our first quarter results. For Q1, total revenues were $551 million, down 15.2% sequentially and unchanged year-over-year, reflecting significantly lower-than-expected sales of Invisalign clear aligners and iTero scanners due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Revenues from clear aligners were $481.6 million, and iTero scanners and services were $69.4 million. Clear aligner shipments were 359.4 thousand cases. Notwithstanding the impact of COVID-19, shipment volumes were up 2.9% year-over-year, reflecting solid growth from non-comprehensive products driven by Invisalign Go systems across all regions, as well as Invisalign Moderate. This was offset by a lower mix of comprehensive products primarily due to the shortfall in China. For the quarter, we shipped Invisalign cases to approximately 61,000 doctors, of which 4,100 were first time customers. We also trained over 4,600 new doctors in Q1, including 2,600 international doctors. Overall for the teen market in Q1, 104,000 teens and preteens started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, representing 29% of total cases shipped, reflecting growth from EMEA and the Americas regions and across comprehensive products. During the quarter, we reached another major milestone with our 2 millionth Invisalign teenage patient, treatment of orthos. A student and athlete, we started treatment recently with Dr. Tom Hartzog, a U.S. based orthodontist in Kentucky. Dr. Hartzog has been a terrific practicing orthodontic for about 30 years and credits Invisalign with revitalizing his practice at a time when a lot of doctors think about slowing down. He says his approach is to lead with Invisalign, and he's got a new digital mindset now, and we're excited he's going to share more about that at our upcoming Invisalign Team Forum Virtual Edition, this July. The teen segment represents the largest portion of existing orthodontic case starts each year. And as we head into the summer season, the busiest time in orthos practice, we are working to help doctors capture as much of the teen season as possible under the circumstances. Now let's turn to specifics around our first quarter results, starting with the Americas region. For the Americas region, through early March, solid sequential growth was driven primarily by North American GP dentists and DSOs, along with continued strength in Latin American doctors. On a reported basis, Q1 Invisalign case volume was down 5.5% sequentially and up 5.2% year-over-year, reflecting significantly less-than-expected Invisalign case shipments in March due to the impact of COVID-19. Year-over-year growth for Q1 reflects growth from both orthodontists and GP dentist channels, which were up 5.6% and 4.6%, respectively. Latin America volume was up 83% year-over-year led by strong growth from Brazil. For our international business, through early March, with the exception of China, the EMEA and APAC regions were performing well. On a reported basis, Q1 Invisalign case volume was down 22.3%, sequentially, reflecting significant decrease in APAC, primarily China, due to the impact from COVID-19, partially offset by growth in EMEA. On a year-over-year basis, international shipments are flat, reflecting growth from EMEA, offset by a decline in APAC. For EMEA, Q1 volumes were down sequentially and up 11.1% on a year-over-year basis driven by growth in Spain, the U.K. and Germany, along with our expansion markets led by Central Eastern Europe and Benelux, including the teen segment. For APAC, Q1 was down sequentially as expected, reflecting a significant reduction in volume in China due to COVID-19. On a year-over-year basis, APAC was down 18.2% compared to the prior year, reflecting a longer duration of COVID-19 measures implemented in China, and was the only region down year-over-year. Japan, Taiwan, Korea and India saw continued year-over-year growth in Q1. And as noted earlier, we began to see signs of improvement in China in early March as the government began to relax some, or all of the restrictions and business began the road to recovery. Our consumer marketing is focused on building the clear aligner category and driving demand for Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. In Q1, we saw strong digital engagement globally, including 7.1 million unique visitors to our websites and 274,000 leads, both metrics growing by more than 40%. Consumer engagement growth for Invisalign was enabled by the launch of our new consumer campaign, Invis, strong media spend and a robust omni-channel presence. Our Invisalign concierge team is nurturing consumer leads and virtually until doctor's office is open, which is key to realizing and converting consumer interest into cases. Further, our modeling indicates that consumer marketing drove incremental growth in Q1 and reinforces our strategy to invest in brand building and maintain high visibility with consumers through the COVID-19 crisis. Other key metrics showing increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand and are included in our Q1 quarterly slides. For iTero scanner and services business, Q1 revenues were down sequentially as expected, following a seasonally strong Q4 and consistent with trends in the capital equipment market. Q1 also reflects the impact of COVID-19 across all regions in especially North America, Australia, China, Japan and other APAC countries. On a year-over-year basis, iTero scanner revenues were down 13.1%, due to lower sales in North America and APAC region primarily due to COVID-19 despite increased revenues in EMEA and Latin America, reflecting the addition of Zimmer Biomet distribution agreement, the introduction of our iTero 5D going direct to Mexico and additional LATAM distributor markets. The total year-over-year decrease in scanner revenue was slightly offset by increased services revenue from a larger iTero installed base. Cumulatively, over 23 million orthodontic scans, 5.2 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners. For Q1, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to 80.5% from 76.1% in Q1 last year. International scans increased 68.7%, up from 59.3% in the same quarter last year. We're pleased to see that within the Americas, 93.6% of cases submitted by North American orthodontists were submitted digitally. I'm also pleased to share that we received FDA 510(k) clearance for iTero Element 5D Imaging System. The iTero Element 5D Imaging System seamlessly combines three scanning technologies, 3D data, intraoral color photos and NIRI images. NIRI is near-infrared imaging technology, which allows you to see carries in different aspects from a dentition standpoint. It's an integrated scan, and we're excited to bring the advancement in inter oral scan technology to the United States market to help doctors provide better oral care for their patients. At this time, we're mindful of the current environment and the impact that COVID-19 pandemic is having across the world and are focused on customer education and training regarding this new technology while so many dental practices in the U.S. are operating on a limited schedule. We remain confident that the iTero business will continue to help drive our overall long-term growth and help increase adoption of the digital platform with Invisalign treatment. To that end, during the quarter, we announced the acquisition of exocad, a global CAD/CAM software leader, and completed the transaction on April 1st. John will talk more about the acquisition in a moment, but let me say just that the rise in consumer awareness around dentistry extends beyond the benefits of straight teeth and orthodontics. There are significant opportunities for all kinds of treatments, from simple cosmetic fixes to ortho-restorative that can help us accelerate growth of our digital solutions for ortho-restorative cases and really drive growth and adoption of the Invisalign iTero digital platform. I'm very excited about the addition of exocad's proven restorative experience, expertise, and functionality to our platform, and I want to welcome exocad Founders, Till Steinbrecher and Maik Gerth and the entire exocad team to Align. Let me now turn to some of the initiatives we've taken to support our doctors and their patients. We recognize the enormous hardship that COVID-19 has caused Invisalign practices around the world. We're working in every region to support doctors and find ways to minimize disruptions to their businesses and to strengthen the experiences their patients have with Invisalign treatment. We have learned a lot from our doctor partners and teams in the Asia-Pacific region, and we've been navigating the impact of COVID-19 for months. We're applying their experiences and insights across all regions. Many of our customers are sharing creative ideas and suggestions as we all work to manage the situation together. One of the first things we did was address clinical education, an integral part of doctor engagement. Across all three of our regions, we moved most of our education programs to online digital platforms, continuing to provide hundreds of valuable Invisalign and iTero training and education resources, many peer-to-peer for doctors and their teams in a virtual setting. We also identified opportunities to collaborate with Invisalign practices to manage ongoing cases and explore new ways for doctors to conduct consultations. Early on, many doctors began using video calls, text, and patients submitted photos through a variety of platforms to help monitor patient progress, reduce in-office appointments, and ensure continuity of patient care during treatment. It quickly became clear that doctors needed a better way to connect and monitor patients. So, we accelerated the launch of new tools that were still in pilot mode. The Invisalign virtual appointment tool enables doctors to easily set up HIPAA-compliant video appointments to monitor existing patients and to have an initial conversation with patients interested in learning more about Invisalign clear aligner treatment for the doctor. The Invisalign virtual care program can also use video appointments and enables doctors to monitor treatment progress and stay connected with patients through a virtual platform. Patients use the intuitive My Invisalign app to stay engaged in the treatment and convey progress photos to their doctor who review these photos on their Invisalign doctor's site, communicates any needed instruction, and ensures treatment is on track. These tools are available through our Invisalign Doctor Site, IDS, in the My Invisalign app and work as part of the end-to-end digital platform for Invisalign treatment. While both tools are still in early stages of rollout, our goal is to provide doctors with a way to maintain care until patients are again able to visit the doctor's office.  Feedback to-date has been relatively positive, and we believe that doctors will continue using these tools to improve patient experience and increase efficiencies well after COVID-19 restrictions have been listed. We're also supporting doctors through financial and operating challenges and are providing additional resources, including industry experts to help navigate this ongoing crisis. This includes webcast, e-blast and micro sites on IDS again, the Invisalign Doctor Site, with advice on extending aligner wear and holding patients at specific treatment stages; options for redirecting aligner shipments and helping address customer cash flow concerns caused by the pandemic. We're creating programs with partners like LendingPoint that are part of recovery playbooks to help doctors with speed to cash that is expected to launch in May -- on May 1. Before I turn the call over to John, I'd like to spend a few minutes talking about the strength and resiliency of Align and our business model and our view of the path to recovery. There's no question that we are in uncharted territory. And while supporting our doctors in their current situation is still critical right now, planning for recovery is just as important. Overcoming challenges is not new to Align and our employees. Our response to COVID-19, decisions and investments we are making, now to anticipate customer needs and adapt in a dynamic environment are based in part on the lessons learned throughout our history and will further our competitive advantage and position us to capitalize on the market as it returns. We serve a huge under-penetrated market, and our share of more than 300 million people who want a better smile is less than 3%. Teens are an important segment, and our share is a small fraction of the market. And yet, we know that teens remain the heart and soul of orthodontic practices and will drive their recovery. There's no single blueprint for us to follow in this recovery. Our underlying business is healthy. We have an excellent balance sheet with no debt. And over the last 5 years, we've grown a business that has generated 25% compounded revenue growth and consistently delivered 72% gross margins, 22% operating margins and generated cash flow from operations in excess of 22% of revenues each year. We also have operational resiliency in terms of global manufacturing that has taken us years to develop and is simply unmatched, and is a key reason why we're able to continue operations in the crisis and expect to ramp up quickly in recovery. The core components being supply chain, digital treatment planning, treat aligner fabrication, AFAB, supply chain. During normal business, we carry enough buffer stock in our warehouse to handle 2 disruptions to the supply chain. So if a batch go sideways, we can handle that twice. After COVID-19 broke in China, we anticipated that we needed to mobilize existing suppliers and add 3 to 6 months of additional inventory so that we could weather the potential storm. For many of our suppliers, we have alternative redundant suppliers in case of shutdown in one geography impacts a supplier. Treat, the investments we have made over the years in having Treat in multiple locations, allows us some flexibility in business continuity to respond to customer needs. Before COVID-19, we had evaluated potential for doing treatment planning from home or remote locations and the implications to hardware needs, data security and productivity. When COVID-19 hit China, we ramped up our ability to do that and started transitioning our CAD designers to do treatment planning at home and have been successful in that sense. We are confident we could have maintained 80% of our normal output, but volumes fell off before we could prove that point. China hit first, so we load balanced with our other Treat locations. So as this went from east to west, we didn't have significant issues in our treatment operations. This is our model, and we'll continue to strengthen it going forward. Aligner fabrication, we have aligner fabrication operations in Huang, China and Juarez, Mexico and plans for a third facility in Europe that we're looking to accelerate into 2021. Our facilities have excess capacity built in. And while we never have 100% redundancy, we do have the ability to shift production volumes based on that excess capacity. Worst case scenario, if one of these facilities goes down, then customers wait a little longer for their aligners, but production will continue, and we believe we can recover swiftly. In short, when we have an issue in one part of the world, we have designed our operations to enable us to load balance across facilities. We've had to do this, because of our growth and huge growth spurts that made it necessary to remain flexible. Additionally, the steps we've implemented during COVID crisis like work-from-home for CAD designers gives us even more flexibility, and we'll leverage that going forward as we evaluate facilities requirements and potential cost savings. Beyond our business strength and operational resiliency, we are at the forefront of digital dentistry. And this pandemic has exposed the weakness of analog approaches and strengthens and benefits the digital technology in every aspect of our life. There's been a lot of concern over the years about digital driving us apart and keeping people from interacting. People focused on their screens in social media rather than with each other, interacting with businesses online rather than in person, et cetera. I think what we're seeing through this terrible situation is that digital actually unites us. It keeps us connected, gives us flexibility and options. Without digital technology during this crisis, how would kids go to school? How would any of us be productive working from home? How would universities and public health experts, model the curve without data mining and AI? I am proud and thankful of our digital platform is able to Invisalign patients moving forward in treatment, while physical practices are closed, that it can connect doctors and patients to monitor issues and track treatment, that because of digital, we can get a replacement aligner for some new retainers to a kid sheltering in place. And together with doctors, we're going to leverage that power of digital for dentistry and orthodontics more than ever. Doctors are not going back to before. We all know that digital dentistry is the future, and that is a part of why Align is weathering this pandemic and why I believe we are well positioned for success going into recovery. With that, I'll now turn it over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q1 financial results. Total revenue for the first quarter was $551 million, down 15.2% from the prior quarter and up 0.4% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. For clear aligners, Q1 revenues of $481.6 million, was down 11.4% sequentially across all regions driven by Asia Pacific. Year-over-year clear aligner revenues growth of 2.6% reflects growth from EMEA and the Americas, offset by APAC. Clear aligner revenue growth was unfavorably impacted by approximately $6 million or approximately 1 point year-over-year from foreign exchange. Q1 Invisalign ASPs were up sequentially by approximately $15 to $1,255, primarily due to lower net deferrals due to a decrease in primary case shipments across all regions. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 Invisalign ASPs increased approximately $10, primarily reflecting price increases in all regions and increased additional aligner revenues, partially offset by promotional discounts and unfavorable foreign exchange. Total Q1 Invisalign shipments of 359,400 cases were down 13.1% sequentially and up 2.9% year-over-year. Our scanner and services revenue for the first quarter was $69.4 million, down 34.7% sequentially due to volume decreases in all regions. Year-over-year revenues were down 13.1%, primarily due to volume decreases in North America, partially offset by increases in EMEA and LatAm, and increases in service revenue off an increased installed base. Moving on to gross margin, first quarter overall gross margin was 71.6%, down one point sequentially and down 1.6 points year-over-year. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation expense, overall gross margin was 71.8% for the first quarter, down one point sequentially and down 1.6 points year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the first quarter was 73%, down 1.1 points sequentially and down 1.9 points year-over-year, primarily due to lower volumes and higher cost per case, partially offset by an increase in Invisalign ASPs. Scanner gross margin for the first quarter was 61.8%, down 3.1 points sequentially and 1.8 points year-over-year due to increased manufacturing variances, lower ASPs and partially offset by higher service revenue. Q1 operating expenses were $324.4 million, up sequentially 1.1% and up 3.2% year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating expenses reflects higher legal and outside services. Year-over-year, the increase reflects our continued investment in sales and R&D activities, including increased compensation from additional headcount and consumer marketing spend, partially offset by the $29.8 million charge related to the Invisalign store closure costs recorded in Q1 of 2019. Our first quarter operating income was $69.9 million, down 53.7% sequentially and down 20.3% year-over-year. Our first quarter operating margin was 12.7%, down 10.6 points sequentially and down 3.3 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating income and operating margin are primarily attributed to lower volume, revenue, and gross margin as a result of the COVID-19 impact. Operating margin was impacted by approximately 0.8 points year-over-year from foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis, the decrease in operating margin and operating margin primarily reflects lower gross profit and higher operating expenses related to go-to-market activities, partially offset by the $29.8 million charge related to the Invisalign store closure in Q1 2019. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, acquisition-related costs and impairment, and other costs related to Invisalign store closures in the prior year, operating margin for the first quarter was 17. 1%, down 9.3 points sequentially and down 8.1 points year-over-year. Interest and other income expense net for the first quarter was an expense of $16.9 million, including a $9.2 million hedge loss related to the anticipated exocad acquisition. Excluding the hedge loss, interest and other income expense net was $7.4 million expense on a non-GAAP basis. With regards to the first quarter tax provision, our tax rate was negative 2,745%, which includes a onetime tax benefit of approximately $1.5 billion associated with the recognition of a deferred tax asset related to the intra entity sale of certain intellectual property rights, resulting from our corporate structure reorganization completed during the quarter. This deferred tax benefit will be amortized starting in 2020 and continue into subsequent quarters and years. The period over which the tax benefit will be recognized depends on the profitability of our Swiss headquarters and is still under assessment and review with the Swiss tax authorities. Excluding the tax benefit related to our corporate structure reorganization and the related tax effects on stock-based compensation and other non-GAAP adjustments, the first quarter tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was 33.2% compared to 29 -- 20.9% in prior quarter and 22.8% in the same quarter a year ago. The non-GAAP tax rate was higher-than-forecasted due to lower-than-expected profits in regions outside the U.S. First quarter diluted earnings per share was $19.21, up $17.68 sequentially and up $18.32 compared to the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis diluted earnings per share was $0.73 for the first quarter, down $1.03 sequentially and down $0.52 year-over-year. Moving on to the balance sheet, as of March 31, 2020, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $790.7 million, a decrease of approximately $77.9 million from the prior quarter, which is primarily due to the annual bonus payout and the purchase of an additional San Jose, California facility combined with slower AR collections. Of our $790.7 million of cash and cash equivalents, $119.2 million was held in the U.S. and $671.5 million was held by our international entities. Q1 accounts receivable balance was $533 million, down approximately 3.1% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding, DSOs, was 87 days, up 11 days sequentially and up 9 days as compared to Q1 last year. We expect DSOs to increase in Q2 as a result of anticipated lower collections. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $9.8 million. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $46.1 million, primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner capacity and facilities. Free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to negative $36.3 million. Under our May 2018 repurchase program, we still have $100 million available for repurchase of our common stock. On April 1, 2020, we completed the acquisition of privately held exocad global whole needs, GMBH, a global leader in the dental CAD/CAM software market for a purchase price of approximately $430 million in cash. The acquisition of exocad broadens our digital platform reached by adding technology that addresses restorative needs in an end-to-end digital platform workflow to facilitate ortho restorative and comprehensive dentistry and also brings exocad's expertise in restorative dentistry, implantology, guided surgery and smile design of the Align Technology portfolio. We expected to complement and extend our Invisalign and iTero digital solutions paving the way for new seamless cross-disciplinary dentistry in the lab and at chairside. exocad also broadened our platform reach in the digital dentistry with close to 200 partners and more than 35,000 licenses installed worldwide. Now, let me turn to our outlook. As Joe described earlier, through early March, our business was performing well, and we believe we would exceed our Q1 guidance. However, things quickly changed in the latter part of March as the majority of Invisalign practices in our core markets in EMEA and the Americas regions closed their offices and stop seeing patients, which caused Invisalign case receipts to drop rapidly and continue into April. At this time, due to the fluid market condition caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we are not providing guidance for Q2, and we are withdrawing our prior commentary regarding our full year 2020. What I can offer is the following directional commentary. For China, which was the first major country impacted by COVID-19 and was shut down almost overnight at the end of January, as reflected in our Q1 guidance provided on the January earnings call. It has shown continued improvement beginning in early March. Our case receipts or orders in China are currently running at 80-plus percent of mid-January's level, but with fair amount of variability week-to-week in between various provinces and cities. Keep in mind that there is about a three to four week lag between case receipts and orders to case shipments. China provinces are not uniform in their recovery, but all continue to improve. Guangdong, Shanghai and Ziyang are now at or above pre-pandemic levels. Beijing and Hubei's slower recovery is consistent with later reopening and/or heavier restrictions. Early indications of patient flow is also positive, but it's too early to determine, if it is pent-up demand due to the lockdown. We also heard today that China is lifting travel restrictions within China, which should facilitate business. APAC, excluding China, is still very fluid as Japan shut down later than the rest of APAC and other countries like Taiwan and Korea are also improving, but our trailing China For the Americas, its unclear how volume will evolve due to staggered lockdown and subsequent staggered re-openings by state. We would expect the situation in the U.S. to be similar to what we've seen in China with recovery starting in the states in the middle of the country working its way out to the coast, on a city-by-city basis. In LATAM, it is still fluid as it is shut down later than the rest of the Americas. The EMEA market is beginning to open up, and Germany is making good strides. We are monitoring each market to see how each is responding to the various government isolation regulations and is still fluid and a lot of variability week-to-week. For iTero, as a result of COVID-19, we did see some deferral purchase decisions at the end of the quarter, and I would expect that to continue. We finished Q1 with $791 million in cash and cash equivalents. Since then, we have closed our purchase of exocad for $431 million on April 1st. Align's priorities during the pandemic are to take care of our employees, customers and shareholders. With these priorities in mind, we are taking actions to ensure the business is well positioned to weather the pandemic. In order to maintain our financial health, we are taking the following actions; holding our current headcount level steady to support the initiatives Joe discussed while making sure we are prepared for the market recovery; controlling discretionary spending such as travel and meeting-related expenses; slowing some of our capital expenditures; and working with many vendors who have allowed us to increase payment terms, while providing extended payment terms to many of our customers. As always, we are balancing future investments to drive growth in a vastly underpenetrated market versus making the appropriate cost reductions and cash actions that have less impact to the business. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks John and thanks again for joining us today. Before I close, I want to take a minute to talk about some of Align's actions to support relief efforts in the communities in which we live and work. One of the things that makes Align a great place to work is the concern our employees have for the world around us and their commitment to helping others. The passion is core to our purpose of transforming smiles and changing lives. And in this time of need, how we support our employees and customers and serve our communities is more important than ever. Early on in the outbreak, we donated RMB1 million to the Chinese Red Cross to support relief efforts and what were then some of the hardest hit areas. More recently, we committed $1 million to the Align Foundation, Align's donor advised fund through Fidelity Charitable. And our teams have been working together to source and supply additional personal protection equipment, or PPE, and medical supply donations for frontline health care workers in the communities we serve. Here's some slides to give you more details on this. Finally, thanks to the ingenuity and diligence of our manufacturing engineering team, we're able to leverage our 3D printing technology and manufacturing expertise to produce face shields and medical swabs for COVID-19 testing kits. Through our network of connections with hospitals across the globe, we are donating them to hospitals with the most critical needs. As our existing 3D printing equipment is highly customized for aligner fabrication and can't be reconfigured, we acquired some new separate 3D printers to specifically help with relief efforts. I'm extremely proud of what our employees are doing individually to make a difference in what Align is doing as a business overall. In summary, we're all operating in a tough environment. And even as we start to see signs of recovery in some geographies, we don't know when we'll get back to normal or even near-normal operations. As always, we're committed to the safety and well-being of our employees, doctor partners, their staff and patients. That remains our top priority in the weeks and months ahead. That and working with our stakeholders and communities to get through this together. With that said, I want to make it clear that we are not resting on our laurels waiting for the business in better days. Align Technology believes in playing offense and investing for our future. And that includes, first and foremost, protecting the jobs of our employees and keeping them ready to pivot for a fast recovery. That means no furloughs, no reduced salaries, staying focused on our long-term strategy. Employees remain our most strategic asset. Closing the exocad acquisition in early April to help expand our digital platform for the ortho restorative treatment. We are very excited about this opportunity. Adding resources to support international expansion. For example, approximately 100 new sales reps in China, improving virtual treatment options, and releasing new products and digital tools to meet our customers' needs like Invisalign virtual appointment and Invisalign virtual care to help doctors and patients connect while practices are closed and beyond. Key to expanding our digital platform in a post-COVID-19 environment, investing in marketing in media to reach of consumers while they're at home during the pandemic and keep our brand top of mind, something that other companies have stopped to conserve cash. Extending our working capital to help our customers manage their cash flow and expenses. We are very aware of the near-term volume challenges of consumer sheltering in place, closed ortho and dental offices and possible delays in new treatment as consumers go back to work and evaluate their priorities. But we're still focused on investing in a vastly under-penetrated market and believe that Align is uniquely positioned for recovery and continued growth coming out of the pandemic. COVID-19 will continue to have significant implications to the world and to our industry. Our digital platform has made it possible for thousands of doctors and patients to continue Invisalign treatments throughout this global disruption, thanks to the digital orthodontics and Invisalign aligners, digital treatment planning and virtual monitoring and care. I think coming out of this, more doctors than ever will have experience the benefit of digital treatment and digital tools for their practices and many we have seen firsthand the limitations and frustrations of the traditional analog approach to patient treatment like wires and brackets. With that said, I want to thank you again for joining the call. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. Now I'll turn the call over to our operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Rich: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question and hope you and Align team are all doing well. Appreciate all the color you gave on the call. I guess, Joe, maybe starting with China, serving potentially as a guide for how the U.S. and EMEA might recover. Was there anything that you would call out in terms of either the types of cases or the channels that started to come back first, I guess, in China? And as we think about, if China does serve as a guide for the U.S., does that sort of mean that we're looking at sort of like 3 to 4 months for kind of those case receipts to get back to that 80% level that you referenced in your remark.
Joe Hogan: You know first of all you know China is China, right. China has a very rigid lockdown procedures they were into this first; I dont think you can really take up that from China in this vector work at United States from a Western geography in general. We also see as John indicated in his written script, is that this is coming up in China by city. And we see Beijing and Wuhan area and all Hubei Province being behind in that sense. So I think as you look at the United States, too, New York and California will come up differently than the middle part of the nation is what we're seeing right now, too. So you talked about some segmentation in the sense of how it's come back in China, too, remember, it's primarily a comprehensive product base that we have in China. And it's pretty much stay. I mean we're selling some moderate there and some different things. But it's primarily coming back as a comprehensive piece. So again, I don't think that's a vector that we'll use when you look at other areas, too. So I mean there's no question, Nathan, the other countries will come back. I'm just very reluctant to take a vector from China and really relate that to the Western economies in different countries because it's all being handled differently around the world.
Nathan Rich: Okay. Joe, I appreciate that. I guess just a quick follow-up. I mean when you think about these practices kind of opening back up, and you made some comments about how you're supporting customers, are there any changes that you're thinking about from like a marketing or levers that you've kind of used in the past, maybe gearing those up as you think about helping volumes start to kind of get back to more normalized levels?
Joe Hogan: And we honestly feel that, particularly in the orthodontic community, there'll be a much harder leaning toward a digital kind of environment because with the chance of re-infection rates with COVID-19 and concerns about future shutdowns or slowdowns, as we mentioned in our scripts, you just have a lot of variability and flexibility that you can use in a digital format that you can't use in an analog format. So we'll be going to our customers with programs that really help them through to figure out, how to convert more and more of their volume to a digital environment. Not that, we haven't done that before, but we'll be very specific about it. And as we move into teen season, teen season in second quarter, you'll see us really focused on teens because we know Orthos will be focused on teens, too. And that's a different demographic. It segments differently in a sense of our product lines like first and math. And we'll also be ready with PPE equipment and other things. They'll prepare doctors for the concerns that they're going to have of protecting their patients and also their employees, too. Did I miss anything, John, or anything you'd add?
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Nathan. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard: Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Brandon.
Brandon Couillard: Joe and John, can you sort of just talk about the flexibility you have in your cost structure, how much of OpEx is discretionary or variable? It sounds like you're focused on kind of holding Align in terms of headcount and marketing. But how should we think about the leverage you have to kind of control costs during this period right now?
John Morici: Hey, Brandon, this is John. Yes, as we said, there are levers that we could pull. Just as we accelerate growth, there's levers we pull. And when we look at our existing OpEx, as we look to spend some of our marketing dollars, where we spend it, how we spend it, there's levers around that spend. As with the travel restrictions and less conferences and so on there's a lot of other operating expenditures that can be pushed out and not spent currently. So we're focused in on and still investing for the future to be able to work with our doctors, as Joe has mentioned, on a lot of new technologies and making sure that we keep the employees and the focus that we have on our structure that we have, but we'll modulate as we needed -- as we need to going forward, if it's needed.
Brandon Couillard: Okay. Thanks. And then a follow-up for Joe. As you think about sort of the leverage you have to drive demand, would you expect to be somewhat more aggressive in terms of ASPs? And are you planning to adjust your Advantage program levels or hurdles to give that as a bit of a break given they've had their offices closed? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Brandon, we've already extended up from an Advantage tier standpoint with our customers, when they went into that. So, I don't know, how much of an effect that will have on an ASP standpoint, because we basically be holding them to where they are. But overall, it's not price. It's our strategy here as we come up out of here. It's how do we support our customers in a digital environment. We're trying to explain how do we -- how do we really support them from a PPE standpoint and an export standpoint. We talked about loans, different things from a cash flow standpoint. We know many of them are going to be challenged in that way. And we have been offering some payables relief and deferral going forward. So it's a broad aspect of needs, we think, our customers will have. Advantage is one part of that, but it's what we can bring to these customers holistically to help their practice and help them grow.
Brandon Couillard: Okay. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Great, thanks guys.
Joe Hogan: Hey Joe.
Jon Block: Joe, you mentioned protecting employees, no furloughs or salary cuts. I'm just curious about the competition. And has anything changed in the marketplace around the competitive landscape? We've heard some chatter about sort of, call it, cut back in the orthodontic divisions -- of some of the other players, but maybe you can elaborate on what you're hearing or seeing out there.
Joe Hogan: Hey Jon, I won't be specific, but I mean, most of our competitors have had layoffs or cutbacks in some way. We've been just been blessed with a really strong balance sheet going in. This allows us to have the flexibility and do it as we do. We're a growth business. You know that Jon well. We're set up for 20% to 30% kind of growth, and we have to position ourselves for that. In that sense, making sure that our production capacity is ready, that our employee base is ready, too. Our sales teams are really critical in that sense, too and it's wonderful. We can see some of the investments like Invisalign Virtual Assistance and things that we're working with customers right now, that we can launch those products and continue to drive those products going forward with a full force engineering team also. So, from a competitive standpoint, I mean, we're seeing varying degrees of cutbacks and moves in that sense. But we're not focused on that, Jon, really. We're just focused on what we think we should do, what's important in our portfolio, and how we can help our doctors out.
Jon Block: Okay. Helpful. The second one is a little bit long. But just some Swift. I know you kicked off a pilot recently. I think it's an important sort of initiative long-term to better get after the lower acuity market. I'm just curious, Joe, you kicked it off when there was a lot going on, so did you get enough of a signal during that time to share some takeaways from the Swift initiative? And then could we see you lean on that a little bit more in coming months? Because it is a little bit more price-sensitive for the consumer. It has a monthly. And in this environment of job uncertainty might really resonate. So curious your thoughts there. Thanks guys.
Joe Hogan: Yes, Jon, when we launched Swift, timing couldn't be worse in that sense because COVID hit pretty far after that, but we got a pretty strong signal in that, that we think we understand at least part of the demand equation. We're going to look at rolling that out in a broader sense going forward in the United States and maybe in different parts of the world. But I think when you talked about the price point on ASP and different things, and obviously, we broach that with the doctors who are part of the Swift program. But Jon, you know this; I want to make sure our colleagues understand. This is -- our margins on this product line are accretive to our gross margin area and how we're going into it. So, it's really important in how we position that going forward. But again, those 300 million patients out there, we know there's some price sensitivity and then there's some clinical aspects from a simplicity standpoint that we're going out with that product line. And we think it will respond real well in a broader sense as we begin to roll that out.
Jon Block: Okay. Perfect. Thanks guys.
Joe Hogan: Thanks Jon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Hogan: Hi Steve.
Steve Beuchaw: Hey there. Thanks for the time here. I also wanted to ask in a way about Swift, but with a very different angle. As we think about the operating environment prospectively for some amount of time, people are going to be concerned about safety. And so I wonder to what extent, and you definitely alluded to this in your prepared remarks, can you flex some of the technology that you have with Swift and some of the things you have in development to decrease the amount of face-to-face contact? Again, I know you alluded to this, but I wonder if you could take it a few steps further, give us more context, a little bit more insight into your plans. How do you think about making Invisalign treatment achievable with a minimum of in-person interaction for those who might be concerned about that even in an environment where PPE is more widely used?
Joe Hogan: Steve, that's top of mind as we do things today, too. So actually, even before COVID, when we designed Swift, Swift was designed for basically 2 to 3-doctor direct contact and that's it. And that was part of making the equation for doctors a profitable equation, too. Then you roll in our remote monitoring capability we just rolled out, which gives doctors a tool to be able to do that, and we'll be able to enhance that tool going forward. There's limited amount of attachments in IPR on things like Swift, too. And it's not that our clinical protocols are going to, in some way, decrease in the sense of what the clinical capability are and what we can do. We're also cognizant in the sense of time and mouth. And we'll adjust that. We might tie those things differently to help doctors, too. But there's a lot of different things that we're contemplating. We talked about at the conference last year about direct printed attachments and those kinds of things that in the future and not-too-distant future, will allow a lot less contact and a lot of speed from a productivity standpoint with doctors and patients be able to do those things. So it's the right line of questioning, Steve. So remote monitoring, a digital platform that allows us to anticipate exactly when you'll be seeing a patient and what will need to be done in that sense, not duplicating treatments at the office that don't need to be done and keeping up with patients in a sense remotely and only calling them in when something goes away or a doctor has a concern in some way. So we feel our digital platform and things we have in the pipeline, Steve, we're really well positioned to address that.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. Good. Good to hear. The second question I wanted to ask actually relates to the practice in the U.S. So it's been -- well, for some of us months, but for -- in practices, certainly many weeks. How do you think about the most likely, as you talk to the orthodontic and dental societies, the most likely path forward for practice reopening in the U.S.? And I know it's a complicated question because there will be a lot of regional variation in staging, but to what extent -- to any extent you can, can you give us your sense for how you guys are thinking about that and your planning specific to the U.S.?
Joe Hogan: Yes, Steve, I think it's going to be -- it's certainly not going to be uniform in the sense of how we go about that, whether it's in the states or anywhere around the world, there are going to be certain government restrictions. I think there's going to be certain -- when I say restrictions, too, it's going to be equipment that's available from a PPE standpoint, what patients are going to be prepared to do? We see some -- if you look at treatment planning alternatives or when patients enter an office right now, they're not even coming into the office. At the time, they stay in their car until they're summoned in some way to make sure that there's less interaction and proper social distancing within the office itself. So I can't really tell you yet. The only thing is I think there's going to be a lot more caution about, obviously, transmission of the disease. That's going to include how you stage patients, how often you see these patients. And I think from a dental versus orthodontic standpoint, they are obviously going to be different protocols because of the different procedures that take place there. Steve, there's an interesting article in the New York Times yesterday that really did an X/Y kind of a graph on different types of professions that interface with customers and which ones are most time from an intimacy standpoint and could transmit a virus. And dentistry came up almost on the top of that whole thing. So I mean that's going to be watched closely, and I think we have to make sure we work with our customers -- I mean doctors and to help them through this, too.
Steve Beuchaw: Thanks for all the -- for the perspective there.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Thanks, Steve.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hope everyone is doing okay. I want to ask a question on the sort of digital access of what you guys can do in the near-term. I know you said that, you were sort of unveiling the app as sort of like a beta test, and you were rapidly rolling that forward and allowing more access and training and things to that. Can you speak to any more of the details in terms of sort of like the uptake or how the training is going or the case use of that for like ongoing patients?
Shirley Stacy: Elizabeth, just to make clear, you're talking about Virtual -- appointment of Virtual Care, right?
Elizabeth Anderson: Yes. Yes.
Joe Hogan: Elizabeth, you're talking about just training of doctors online rather than face-to-face?
Elizabeth Anderson: Oh, no. Sorry. I meant on the Virtual Care side.
Joe Hogan: Okay. And so your question is on the workflow of that. Is that --
Elizabeth Anderson: Yes. As you said -- you said they were going slow and sort of like how have you seen uptake of that so far? Is it -- I assume that there's some sort of training that has happened beforehand or how have you been able to roll that out considering that -- data testing right before you this all happen.
Joe Hogan: I get it, Elizabeth. Look, first of all, we've been -- we didn't just roll -- we just rolled this out. We've been working on it for over a year. And so we actually rush this to the market. And as we rush into the market, we were cautious in a sense of how many doctors we -- you had in the program. And we started here in the United States, and now we're gradually moving it to broader to more doctors in the U.S. and across the world, too. We had to train the doctors to do this, but the great thing it is on our IDS platform. And it has a great user interface that the team put together. So from the feedback that, I've gotten from the teams and the doctors, too, that user interface has been pretty simple in how they've been able to put that piece together. And remember, the whole idea there is just that how do you stay -- and these kind of lockdown periods or future workflows where patients don't want to come into the office all the time to see a doctor, how in the world can you track treatment and how can you communicate? And it's gone really well. And we will have actually more doctors who want it that we can give it to right now. We just want to make sure we don't burden them, and we just roll it out piece-by-piece to make sure that it's robust enough to handle more and more doctors over time.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. Perfect. And so just on -- you did a virtual visit with some of that in the first quarter -- over next set of patients?
Joe Hogan: Yes. More than 2,000 doctors, we have more than 2,000 doctors trained right now -- trained and beginning to use Virtual Care. And obviously, we have tens of thousands of doctors out there that we'll want to roll this out, too, and we think they'll have an interest in it.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. Perfect. That's helpful. Thank you.
Joe Hogan: And we've had over -- just I'm getting some other data here, too. We have over 3,500 appointments right now that have been done through Virtual Care. Elizabeth, if we think about this, too, it just makes sense, right? I mean in everybody's kind of -- in today's COVID environment, it obviously makes sense to try to eliminate patients trying to have this person-to-person contact. But I mean going forward, too, in a digital kind of environment, having these kind of tools just make sense from a productivity standpoint for both doctors and patients, too. So we'll continue to invest pretty heavily in this to get better and better at it. This is our initial launch, but you'll see more and more iterations to help to enhance this 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Hogan: Hi Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you, guys. Hey Joe, how are you? Good afternoon. Just two questions, I guess. One, we've seen some news in the last couple of days from one of your DTC competitors on some patents they were able to get and some better business bureau recommendations on some advertising. I would love your view not so much on what that means for them, but does that have any implications for you either on the Swift product where some of that is kind of a monthly fee? I don't think any of that would trip any of the stuff in their new patent, but also if they have to rein in a little bit of their advertising. I would assume that's a good thing for you, but would just like to get your view.
Joe Hogan: Jeff, overall, that's not a model that competes with us. We go directly to doctors in everything we do, work through a doctor base. And so from what we know of the -- I haven't looked at the patent or whatever. I just read most of the information that's out there. That has to do with Invisalign. And we have to do with just scanning a patient in a store and transferring a file that the -- never really reaches a doctor in any way except from a teledentistry standpoint. So, we don't see it being an issue for us at all.
Jeff Johnson: Sorry, I was on mute. Thank you. And then just my follow-up question. Obviously, we're all going to be watching PPE. We're all going to be watching patients' willingness to go into these offices. What are you hearing from the doctor side? From an orthodontist standpoint, the office is maybe a little cleaner, less aerosolization, if that's even a word, of fluids and what have you. So, are your orthodontists, especially kind of chomping at the bit to get back? I'm sure they are financially. But do they feel safe? Do they feel like this will be an environment they can bring their staff back into it can bring patients into things like that? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: From an orthodontist standpoint, Jeff, you're right to segment those two because, obviously, dentistry is a lot different than orthodontist and whatever. The orthodontists that we look to, I would say that they're not concerned, but they're cautious in the sense of what they have to do, the precautions they have to make with the patients and also with their employees internally. They are anxious to get back. But I mean there's a good degree of caution to make sure that they come back in the right way, in a thoughtful way, too. And again, I think this could vary by state also in the sense of how it's applied and what kind of regulations are put in place. But I know there's -- they're really interested to come back. And the ones that really went into this was a significant amount of Invisalign feel good that they've been able to stay in contact with their patients and be able to send passive aligners with different things that's helped in any kind of course correction or holding patients to where they are. So, on the dentistry side, I mean, that's obviously going to be different. But when you think about it, an Invisalign is one of the least invasive procedures that you're going to see in dentistry. And we'll certainly be emphasizing that and trying to work with doctors to help them through. And we talked about iGo and the growth of iGo, and that's a great -- when you think about you think when we talk about a digital platform, that's a terrific product for GPs in the sense of being able to leverage that and then send a more difficult cases of the orthodontist side. We'll be working with GPs to really help through that transition.
Jeff Johnson: Understood. Thank you.
Joe Hogan: All right, Jeff. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John Kreger: Hi thanks very much. Joe, could you remind us what's the lag time between order receipt from a customer -- from when -- to the point where you can actually ship the aligners?
Joe Hogan: So we call it CCA, and CCA would be in order. And I'd say, John can correct me on this; I'd say it's four days to five days.
John Morici: But from an order to an after shipment, it could be three to four weeks because it's the back and forth. He's describing kind of initial to the actual shipment. It could be three to four weeks depending on how much back and forth. As you know, John, getting that treatment plan just exactly the way the doctor has and wants it takes a number of iterations. And then the actual manufacture and shipment can do. So on the outset, it could be 4 weeks in total.
John Kreger: Okay. Great. So from a fabrication standpoint, for a region like the U.S. that got locked down in mid-March that backlog probably would have -- would be reasonable to assume that kind of carried through to mid-April.
John Morici: Well, there's still going to be back and forth that goes on. So I mean you have patients that have not been able to make it into the office to look at the final plan for doctors to meet other things that go on. So it's going to vary by this until the doctor actually approve the treatment plan and then it gets manufactured. So remember, our business is a made-to-order business. I mean there's no inventory. And as things change in the environment, when there -- people can't come to the office to seek treatment or to make sure that they're going to prove that treatment plan, things shut down right away. And it takes some time to see that ramp back up.
John Kreger: Great. That's helpful. And then anything you can give us in terms of contribution from exocad since that'll be in there for the full second quarter?
John Morici: Yes. Nothing on that John that we're giving on any forward guidance other than what we've had in our prepared remarks.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks John, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Caliendo: Thank you. First question, you're talking about a digital and analog world. But if I think about Align a year from now, and hopefully, we're through this, competitively, not just with other manufacturers, but against wires and brackets. I mean, is there a marketing pitch here that the orthodontist can go and say, hey, instead of using wires and brackets or you can even pitch to the orthodontist, that there might be a greater demand to use clear aligners versus wires and brackets simply because you're able to keep patients out of the -- keep them out of the orthodontist office or the dentist office more frequently? Is that something that you've contemplated that could necessarily be a positive for market share for you?
Joe Hogan: Kevin, prior to the COVID-19, we have a program called ADAPT where doctors -- orthodontists come to us and say, look, you want to go primarily 80%, 90% Invisalign. How do we do that, right? And so how do you do that, you're going to crank up your volume in a significant way. And to do that, you just needed to drive more productivity. And so we were pushing that piece is you don't have to see patients as often, right? You might have patients come back every 3 or 4 weeks to adjust wires and brackets. Likely, they're going to come back doing their episode with a wire that comes out, and it's an emergency procedure, about 20% of an orthos time that doesn't have wires and brackets or emergency cases. We talk to doctors about how you can really control your schedule much better in a digital environment and how patients don't have to come back so often. We talk about 7 weeks, 8 weeks seeing patients. Now that becomes even more magnified when you think about profitability of infection and concern about COVID-19. It's not just a productivity play. It's a way of being able to treat patients in a way that's safer for your staff and safer for those patients, too. So we'll certainly be emphasizing that. And -- but it goes -- it just goes along with a digital platform. It is -- it's much more productive. And doctors will need less time per patient. And I mean, we know that well from the millions of patients that we've done.
Kevin Caliendo: One quick follow-up. The DSO spiked. I know you made some comments earlier about offering payment terms and loans and the like. Does that explain the bump-up the nine day you said expect DSOs to continue to move higher? So what was the impact of, I guess, would be improved payment terms for the doctors on your DSOs?
John Morici: Yes. It varies by doctors and so on. But as they have working capital concerns, we're in a fortunate position to be able to help out. So we work with them to kind of manage their cash flow in terms of paying us. And then the DSO impact is obviously impacted by lower revenue as well, which causes that to increase. So -- but we're working closely with our customers, and making sure that they can help weather the storm, stay close with them. And as they start to ramp up, we want to be their partners with them, and cash is an important part of that.
Kevin Caliendo: Great. Thanks. Stay safe everybody.
John Morici: Thanks, Kevin, you too.
Shirley Stacy: Operator, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Richard Newitter with SVB Leerink. Please proceed with your question.
Jaime Morgan: Hi, guys. This is Jaime on for Rich, this afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a housekeeping one. You guys had said in the beginning of your prepared remarks, incremental impact from COVID-19 was about 50 fewer cases and, I think, $85 million less revenue. So I just wanted to make sure that, that is something -- like the way that we should be thinking about that is incremental to what you had originally contemplated in your 1Q guidance of, I think, about 20,000 to 25,000 case impact in a $30 million to $35 million revenue impact?
John Morici: That's correct, Jaime. You would think of that as incremental to how we guided.
Jaime Morgan: Got it. So the fair way to think about that in total would be about $115 million to $120 million of impact to revenue from the coronavirus in the first quarter?
John Morici: That's correct.
Jaime Morgan: Got it. Okay. And just last one for me. Any sort of update on where you guys stand with launching the Palate Expander product?
Joe Hogan: Hi, Jaime. I'll take that. We're still -- we have the design. We're still working that piece. We have to find an effective way to manufacture it. So I don't have a date that I can give you, but I can tell you that it's high on our priority list.
Jaime Morgan: Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Thank you, Jamie.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Ms. Stacy Shirley for any closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us. We look forward to speaking with you at upcoming virtual financial conferences in the future. If you have any questions, please contact Investor Relations, and hope you have a great day. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Align Technologies Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Shirley Stacy, Vice President, Corporate and Investor Communications. Thank you Ms. Stacy. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately one month. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on February 12, 2020. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13697560 . International call should dial 2016127415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the first quarter and fiscal year outlook for 2020. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission available on our website and at sec.gov. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliation and our fourth quarter and full year 2019 conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the fourth quarter and full year then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, clear aligners and intra-oral scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results, discuss our outlook for the first quarter and share a high level thoughts about 2020. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. Our fourth quarter was a strong finish to a great year with record revenues and volumes. Q4 Invisalign shipments increased 23.9% year-over-year and marked another major milestone with our 8 millionth Invisalign patient who started treatment in December. This rate of growth is really amazing to me given our 7 million Invisalign patient was just this past May seven months ago. For Q4 iTero scanner revenues increased 20.2% year-over-year with strong growth especially from international doctors. On a sequential basis Invisalign volumes were up 7.4% driven by strong growth in North America, EMEA and Latin America with all-time highs in those regions. We also saw strong growth from Invisalign Go systems across all regions reflecting continued progress with GP dentists as well as a ramp up from Invisalign Moderate which launched at the beginning of Q4 in North America. For the quarter we shifted Invisalign cases to approximately 67,000 doctors of which 7.2 thousand were first-time customers. We also trained over 5,500 new doctors in Q4 including 3400 international doctors. For the full year total revenues of $2.4 billion reflect record revenues up 22.4% year-over-year includes $2 billion in clear line of revenues and 2019 Invisalign volumes were up 24.2% year-over-year and iTero scanner revenues were up 38.5% year-over-year. During the year over 1.5 million people started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners worldwide including 447,000 teens and younger patients which is up 34.1%. Now let's turn to the specifics around our fourth quarter results starting with the Americas region. For the Americas region Q4 Invisalign case volume was up 4.9% sequentially and up 19.3% year-over-year. On a sequential basis Q4 results reflects strong growth from North American GP dentists as well as continued strength from Latin American doctors. Year-over-year growth for Q4 reflects continued adoption of Invisalign treatment from both orthodontist and GP dentists channels which were up 20.5% and 17.3% respectively. Latin America volume was up 79% year-over-year led by continued strong growth from Brazil. For the full year America's Invisalign volume was up 17.5%. For international business Q4 was a great quarter with Invisalign case volume up 10.5% sequentially driven by strong growth in EMEA region rebounding from Q3 19 summer holidays and offset somewhat by slower growth in A-Pac specifically China. On a year-over-year basis strong Invisalign volume of 30.1% reflects increased utilization and continued expansion of our customer base in both EMEA and Asia-Pacific region. In Q4 we trained over 3400 new Invisalign doctors internationally and roughly 55% EMEA and 45% in A-Pac. For the year international volume was up 34% year-on-year and EMEA Q4 was a strong quarter volumes were up 37.3% sequentially driven by growth and all core markets primarily from Spain and Italy as well as from the teen segments which was up 50.6% from Q3 19. On a year-over-year basis Invisalign volume was up 31.5% driven by growth in all core country markets including a teen segment which is up 38.7% from the prior year. For the full year EMEA volume was up 34.2% led by Spain, Italy and France as well as our key expansion markets led by Turkey, the Middle East and Africa region and Russia. For A-Pac Q4 was down sequentially as expected following a very strong Q3 19 teen season in China as well as less than expected volume from adults partially offset by strong volume growth from Japan. We believe the ongoing U.S.-China trade war and economic uncertainty remained a headwind for our consumer demand especially for consumption of luxury goods and considered purchases. On a year-over-year basis A-Pac volume was up 28% driven by growth across the region led by Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Southeast Asia. For the year A-Pac volume was up 33.7%. Overall for the teen market in Q4 approximately 116,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners an increase of 33.1% year-over-year driven by continued strong adoption across all major regions. For the full year total teen cases worldwide grew 34.1% to approximately 447,000 teenagers or 29.3% of our total volume. I'm pleased with our progress treating teenagers and younger kids and continued strong adoption of Invisalign clear aligners globally. For 2019 Invisalign treatment with mandibular advancement was up 85% year-over-year and Invisalign First was up 455% year-over-year for a cumulative total of 41.5 thousand cases and 32.4 thousand cases to date respectively. Product, technology and innovation continues to be a key growth driver across our regions. Over the past year weve launched several new Invisalign offerings for both comprehensive and non-comprehensive treatment giving doctors more tools and choices to treat at greater range of cases from adults to teenagers and now kids as young as seven years old as well as new treatment options and technology designed to appeal to consumers who are considering or starting Invisalign treatment. In Q4 we introduced the Invisalign moderate package, a 20 stage treatment option designed for consumers whose treatment goals fall between the existing Invisalign light and Invisalign comprehensive packages and can be completed in the range of 5 to 12 months. Weve launched SmileView an online tool designed to help prospective Invisalign patients visualize a new straighter smile before they offer Invisalign treatment. Alliance new SmileView visualization tool is designed to drive awareness and demand for teeth straightening using Invisalign treatment by engaging consumers and allowing them to see a simulation of what their smile could look like. We also upgraded my Invisalign mobile app which previously focused on patients already in treatment but now includes several new features to help potential patients who are seeking information about teeth straightening treatment including an in-app version of SmileView. Consumers can use the app to take a selfie and instantly visualize how their smile can transform after Invisalign treatment. Our consumer marketing efforts are designed to build the category and drive demand for Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. We invest over a 100 million each year in consumer marketing programs including TV, digital social media, PR, event marketing as well as our patient concierge program. Our goals are to making Invisalign brand a household name worldwide and to motivate consumers to seek Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. In Q4 we continue to see strong engagement with consumers and had over 5.3 million unique visitors on invisalign.com sites for a total of 18 million year-over-year. Other key metrics showed increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand and are included in our Q4 quarterly slides. For iTero scanner and services business Q4 is very strong quarter with better than expected revenues up 6.6% sequentially and 20.2% year-over-year driven by strength from all regions. Q4 volumes reflect continued commercialization of the iTero Element 2 and Element Flex scanners especially for orthodontists in North America to continue rollout with our major DSO partners and increased sales internationally especially in Japan. 2019 was a great year for iTero business with total revenues up 38.5% year-over-year cumulatively over 20.5 million orthodontic scans and 4.7 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners. Use of iTero scanners for Invisalign case submission continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q4 total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to 79.5% from 73.5% in Q4 of last year. International scans increase to 64.7%, up from 57.5% in the same quarter last year. What's really exciting is to see that within the Americas 93.3% of cases submitted by North American orthodontists are submitted digitally now. We are pleased with the continued progress of iTero business and remain confident that will continue to help drive our overall growth and help increase the adoption of our digital platform Invisalign treatment. With that I'll turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks Joe. Now for our Q4 financial results. Total revenue for the fourth quarter was $649.8 million up 7% from the prior quarter and up 21.7% from the corresponding quarter a year ago for clear aligners Q4 revenues of $543.6 million was up 5.3% sequentially with strong Invisalign volume from EMEA and North America. Year-over-year clear aligner revenues growth of 22% reflects strong Invisalign growth volume across all regions. Clear aligner revenue growth was unfavorably impacted by approximately 1.3 points year-over-year from foreign exchange. Q4 Invisalign ASPs were down sequentially by approximately $20 to $1,240 primarily due to discounts mix and unfavorable foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis Q4 Invisalign ASPs increased approximately $5 primarily reflecting price increases in all regions and increased additional aligner revenues partially offset by promotional discounts and unfavorable foreign exchange and product mix shift. Total Q4 Invisalign shipments of 413.7 thousand cases were up 7.4% sequentially and up 23.9% year-over-year. Our scanner and services revenue for the fourth quarter was $106.2 million up 16.6% sequentially due to volume increases in EMEA and Americas. Year-over-year revenues were up 20.2% primarily due to volume increases in EMEA, A-Pac and the Americas as well as higher services revenues from our increased installed base. Moving on to gross margin. Fourth quarter overall gross margin was 72.6% up 0.06 point six points sequentially and of 0.9 point year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 74.1% up 0.6 point sequentially primarily due to lower freight and training costs and lower number of aligners per case partially offset by lower Invisalign ASPs. Clear aligner gross margin was flat year-over-year primarily due to lower training costs and a slight increase in Invisalign ASPs offset by an increase in aligners per case. Scanner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 64.9% up 0.8 point sequentially primarily due to manufacturing efficiencies partially offset by lower ASPs and up 5 points year-over-year primarily due to manufacturing efficiencies and higher service revenue and scanner ASPs. Q4 operating expenses were $320.8 million up sequentially 3.4% and up 22.2% year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating expenses primarily reflects our continued investment in sales and marketing and R&D activities partially offset by lower litigation expenses. Additionally the third quarter included a $6.8 million benefit from the settlement of our Invisalign store leases. Year-over-year the increase in operating expenses reflects higher spending commensurate with go-to market activities offset by lower legal expenses. Our fourth-quarter operating income was $151.2 million up 18.9% sequentially and up 25.5% year-over-year. Our fourth quarter operating margin was 23.3% up 2.4 points sequentially and up 0.7 points year-over-year. The sequential increases in operating income and operating margin are primarily attributed to an improved gross profit and reduction in litigation expenses. Operating margin was impacted by approximately 0.6 points year-over-year from foreign exchange. The third quarter operating income included a $6.8 million benefit from the settlement of our Invisalign store leases which increased Q3 operating margin by 1.1%. On a year-over-year basis the increase in operating income and operating margin primarily reflects higher gross profit and operating leverage partially offset by continued investment in R&D geographic expansion and go to market activities. With regards to fourth-quarter tax provision our tax rate was 22.2% which includes approximately $5.8 million of tax benefit related to a tax audit settlement. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $1.53 up $0.25 sequentially and up $0.33 compared to the prior year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2019 cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities including both short and long term investments were $868.6 million an increase of approximately $86.7 million from the prior quarter which is primarily due to higher cash flow from operations. Of our $868.6 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $590.1 million was held in the U.S. and $278.5 million was held by our international entities. Q4 accounts receivable balance was $550.3 million up approximately 3.5% sequentially. Our overall day sales outstanding was 76 days down 3 days sequentially and up 2 days as compared to Q4 last year. Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $218.2 million and free cash flow defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures amounted to $175.6 million. Our business continues to have a very strong cash generation. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $42.5 million primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner capacity and facilities. During Q4, 2019 weve repurchased $100.5 million of our stock against our stock buyback authorization and have $100 million still available for repurchase under the May 2018 repurchase program. Before we move to the Q1 outlook I would like to make a few comments on our full year 2019 results. In 2019 we shipped a record 1.5 million Invisalign cases up 24.2%. This reflects 34% volume growth from our international doctors and 17.5% volume growth from our America's doctors. Shipments of our iTero scanner were up 29.7% over 2018. Total revenue was a record $2.4 billion up 22.4% year-over-year with clear aligner revenues of $2 billion up 19.8% year-over-year. Clear aligner revenue growth was impacted by approximately 2.6 points year-over-year from foreign exchange. 2019 iTero scanner and services revenues were a record $38.1 million up 38.5%. Full year operating income of $542.5 million up 16.3% versus 2018 and operating margin at 22.5%. 2019 operating income also includes a litigation benefit of $51 million and Invisalign store closure cost of $23 million for a net positive impact on operating margin of approximately 1.2%. Operating margin was unfavorably impacted by approximately 1 point year-over-year from foreign exchange. Free cash flow was $597.6 million up $266.2 million versus 2018. For the year weve repurchased over 1.8 million shares of alliance stock for $400 million. 2019 diluted earnings per share was $5.53. Before I comment on the demand outlook I wanted to take a minute to talk about the corporate structure reorganization to relocate our European headquarters from the Netherlands to Switzerland in Q1 and the implication to our GAAP financials. As a result of the corporate structure reorganization to relocate our European headquarters from the Netherlands to Switzerland in Q1 our Q1, 2020 GAAP tax rate will reflect a significant one-time tax benefit associated with the recognition of a deferred tax assets related to the inter entity sale of certain intellectual property rights. This deferred tax benefit will be amortized starting in 2020 and will continue into subsequent quarters and years. The period over which this tax benefit will be recognized depends on the profitability of our Swiss headquarters and therefore is uncertain at this time. Management ordinarily assesses the health of our business with regard to these types of one-time events and believes this reorganization will make it difficult for investors to assess our core underlying financial performance where we to report solely based on GAAP. Therefore, we will supplement our GAAP information with non-GAAP measures going forward. Beginning in Q1, 2020 in addition to our GAAP results we will present non-GAAP measures that exclude the aforementioned tax impact along with certain other items that may not be indicative of our fundamental operating performance including discrete cash and non-cash charges in order to present investors with greater transparency into our core business operations. We will present GAAP, non-GAAP and a reconciliation in our earnings release in conference call materials. With that let's turn to our Q1 outlook and the factors that inform our view. Q4 was a strong quarter with record volumes and we expect to enter Q1 with this momentum from both the Americas and the EMEA regions. For the Americas region we expect Q1 to increase sequentially with growth from North America orthodontists and GP dentists. For international we expect Q1 volumes to be down sequentially. We expect demand to be up sequentially as momentum continues from Q4. However, we expect the growth to be offset by a sequential decrease in A-Pac primarily due to the expected impact from the novel coronavirus in China. We expect our iTero business to be down sequentially following a seasonally strong Q4 and consistent with seasonal trends in capital equipment market and fewer sales in China. Many of you have been following the news regarding the recent outbreak of the novel corona virus in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei providence in China. China is one of our largest country markets and represents roughly 8% of our total revenues. It is home to hundreds of employees across China. Thankfully we are not aware of any employee or family member who has contracted the novel corona virus. The situation in China is very fluid and we are closely monitoring it. We are in contact with all relevant agencies globally. The Chinese government has implemented travel bans and has essentially shut down public transportation in Wuhan. It has also issued public warnings to avoid all non-essential medical and dental procedures for the time being. Some government-run hospitals and private clinics are following suit by instructing patients to stay home unless it's an emergency. While we do not believe there is any impact to our product safety due to the stringent health and safety procedures ingrained in our manufacturing processes, we are taking additional precautions across China to minimize the risk of spreading illness to our internal teams including additional protections and health screening procedures as well as travel restrictions. Given the increased uncertainty and disruption to our employees doctor's practices, their patients and consumers we believe it is prudent to reduce our outlook for Q1 to reflect the increased risk. Therefore, for Q1 our outlook reflects approximately 20,000 to 25,000 less Invisalign cases and $30 million to $35 million less revenues for Invisalign and iTero product sold in China. In addition, we are also absorbing $3 million to $4 million in idle China manufacturing plant and treatment planning capacity which results in approximately 0.5% gross margin impact. With this as a backdrop we expect the first quarter to shape up as follows. Invisalign case volume is expected to be in the range of 396,000 to 406,000 cases up approximately 13% to 16% year over year. We expect Q1 revenues to be in the range of $615 million to $630 million up by approximately 12% to 15% year-over-year. Our supply agreement with SDC was terminated December 31, 2019 and hence our Q1, 2020 revenue outlook does not reflect any SDC volume as compared to the same quarter a year ago when non Invisalign aligners supply to SDC contributed about $5.7 million to revenue. On a GAAP basis we expect Q1 gross margin to be in the range of 71.5% to 72%. Q1 gross margin is expected to be down sequentially from slightly lower ASPs driven by lower mix of China volume, in idle China manufacturing and treatment planning capacity in our facility in Ji'an. On a non-GAAP basis we expect Q1 gross margin to be in the range of 71.7% to 72.2% excluding stock-based compensation from gross profit. We expect Q1 GAAP operating expenses to be in the range of $345 million to $350 million which reflects our continued investments in go-to market activities along with our annual increase in employee compensation expenses. On a GAAP basis Q1 operating margin is expected to be in a range of 15.4% to 16.5%. On a non-GAAP basis we expect operating margin to be in the range of 19.5% to 20.5% excluding stock-based compensation from operating income. On a GAAP basis our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately negative 1400% which includes approximately $1.4 billion of tax benefit associated with the recognition of a deferred tax asset related to the intra entity sale of certain intellectual property rights resulting from our corporate structure reorganization. This deferred tax benefit will be amortized starting in 2020 and continue into subsequent quarters and years. The period over which the tax benefit will be recognized depends on the profitability of our Swiss headquarters and is therefore is uncertain at this time. On a non-GAAP basis excluding the one-time benefit from the intra entity sale of certain IP rights as mentioned above and the tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, we expect our tax rate for Q1, 2020 to range from approximately 22% to 23%. Diluted shares outstanding should be approximately $79.1 million exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together we expect our Q1, 2020 GAAP diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $18.65 to $18.74. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1.19 to $1.28 from excluding the one-time tax benefit from the intro entity sale of IP rights as mentioned above and the stock-based compensation related expenses. In addition, as we continue our operational expansion efforts, we expect capital expenditures for Q1 to be approximately $95 million to $100 million. And we expect depreciation and amortization to be $23 million to $25 million. Now, let me turn to our view for the full-year 2020. As I just described, the situation in China surrounding the novel corona virus is very fluid. While our Q1 outlook includes our best view of how the corona virus will impact our business in the first quarter. It is very difficult to predict and forecast the longer-term impact. Therefore we are providing you with our best view of 2020 prior to the novel corona virus outbreak so that you can use it as a baseline from which to build your models for the year. This means that you will need to make your own assumptions about how the corona virus outbreak impacts our business over the remainder of 2020. Beyond the Q1 outlook in our commentary for 2020 below, we will now provide specific 2020 guidance at this time. We will continue to monitor the situation closely and update these comments when appropriate. With that, our outlook for 2020 notwithstanding the impact of foreign exchange rates and the novel corona virus is as follows. We anticipate total revenue growth for the company Invisalign and iTero to be at the low end of our long-term operating model target of 20% to 30%. We anticipate Invisalign volume to be at the low end of our long-term growth model target of 20% to 30%. On a GAAP basis, we anticipate 2020 operating margin to be slightly above our 2019 operating margin of 22.5%. We also expect our long-term operating margin range of 25% to 30% to remain unchanged. On a non-GAAP basis, we expect 2020 operating margin to be approximately 3.5% higher than our GAAP operating margin excluding stock-based compensation from operating income. On a GAAP basis, our 2020 tax provision will include approximately $1.4 billion of tax benefit in Q1 associated with the recognition of a differed tax asset related to the intra-entity sale of certain intellectual property rights. This differed tax benefit will be amortized starting in 2020 and continue into subsequent quarters and years. The period over which this tax benefit will be recognized depends on the profitability of our Swiss headquarters and therefore is uncertain at this time. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the one-time tax benefit from the intra-entity sale of certain IP rights as mentioned above and a tax benefits related to stock-based compensation we expect our tax rate for 2020 to range from approximately 22% to 23%. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks John and thanks to those of you joining our call today. Overall, 2019 was a great year for Align and I'm very pleased with the strong performance for both our Invisalign and iTero businesses. Not only did we celebrate our 22nd year in business but we also achieved several major milestones including our 8 millionth Invisalign patient, 2.4 billion in revenue for the first time. As we kickoff 2020, we're very concerned for the safety and health of our employees, customers, doctors, and their patients in China. The wellbeing is our top priority and we are doing what we can to ensure that they are on good hands. We're working with our local teams to donate medical supplies and provide funding to help combat the outbreak. Like SARS in 2003, the corona virus is already having a major impact on China and may expand to other countries around the world. I saw and experienced this impact as the CEO of [GE] Healthcare. We expect that like SARS emerged before it, in time the virus will be addressed, the markets will assume an equilibrium and our business in China will continue to grow. The timing of this is uncertain but the future growth opportunity for our business in China is certain. While we are mindful of the increased uncertainty in China and its impact on our Q1 outlook, it's important to take a step back and remember that our business is broad and deep. We have a strong growth in other regions and are seeing strong momentum in the Americas, across EMEA and an in all other countries and APAC especially Japan, Australia and New Zealand, South-East Asia, Taiwan, and Korea. In closing, I want to share with you a few thought of you regarding the future of our industry. Never before I have seen an amount of change in products, technology, distribution channels and business models. Align has always believed that the market opportunity for clear aligners is significantly larger than the underlying orthodontic case starts each year. We believe that over 300 million people want a better smile and the best way to access that potential patients is through doctors. Using a digital approach with iTero scanners and the Invisalign system. Our partnership with doctors is a critical part of how we win with consumers and we will continue to insist that patients visit a doctor in person for Invisalign treatment. If I could leave you with one thing is that Align is not just a provider of the best clear aligner in the industry and our clear aligner is not just a piece of plastic. Align is founded on digital, IT data, artificial intelligence, software, algorithms, digital scanning and 3D printing. We are the largest mass customized business the world has ever seen. Each Invisalign aligner is the output of millions of lines of code in 1000s of digital actions that allow us to ship 0.5 million customized Class II medical devices a day. As a digital leader, we must continue to provide doctors with the best technology and tools to help them treat any patient. In 2020, we expect to bring several new products and systems and services to market. But we must provide more than just individual products. In digital, you pick a platform not a product. You pick a company you believe in for the long-term. Digital dentistry is being driven by products like iTero scanners and Invisalign clear aligners. And we believe our digital platform is setting the foundation for the future of dentistry. Aligner and doctor partners are sitting on the edge of one of the biggest areas of growth that dentistry has ever seen. And we are excited about what this means for our business and continued growth prospects in 2020 and beyond as we continue to transform smiles and change lives. With that, I want to thank you again for joining the call. I look forward to updating you on our progress. As the year unfolds, we'll see many of you at the Chicago Mid-Winter Meeting next month as well as the industry and financial conferences throughout the year. Including our Analyst Meeting on May 12 in New York City. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Rich: Hi good afternoon, guys. Thanks for the question. Joe, maybe just to start on China. The revenue headwind that you guided to, I think it's kind of 60% or so of your kind of total China volume. Can you talk maybe just about what you've seen so far in January that kind of that you used to kind of inform your estimate of the case and revenue impact and if we continue to see this play out, can you kind of think about how to think about how we should trend the impact going forward.
Joseph Hogan: You know Nathan that that we framed it as well as we can in the first quarter. I mean, that's and that's what we can see right now. I think our responsibility when you think about it is we're through January right now, we can take a look at our order rates. And we can responsibly make the prediction that John just did that we're going to 20,000 to 25,000 cases that we think are going to be pressured on. Then unfortunate part of this whole thing is we say we're on the dark side of the moon right now because of Chinese New Year and our order rates drop off to a point that you hardly see them. And it's not just now, it's been every year since and since. The government there is extended the holiday's for another week or so and it could go on. We really dont have, we just take our best guess on that 20,000, 25,000, and we're not ready to project, I'm not ready to project anything into the second quarter and the rest of the year. Remember, going back to SARS, I talked about I was involved in that at GE Healthcare is that I remember took six months from the initial infection rate all the way to not to that ended but it actually stabilized and things got back in gear again, so. We know that it'd be more than the first quarter it will be impacted but none of us were ready to give any kind of a forecast just to extend to that.
Nathan Rich: That's fair. And then, maybe just a question on the America's GP growth. There is a nice acceleration in the quarter, utilization also takes higher. You've obviously put a lot of investment into that channel. Can you maybe just talk about some of the traction that you're seeing among the GP base that you serve?
Joseph Hogan: Yes. There is, it is multiple levers we pull in that sense, all right. We have more of a segmentation around GPs today from a sales standpoint. You'll see that accentuated as we go into 2020. We have a product called iGo that it just fits the workflow aspect and sees produce extremely well. Then you have to add to that the extra salespeople we put in last year. A lot of those salespeople were making GP cost but there is just and you know there is only so far it go for the orthodontic community. And the last part of that, we have a huge amount of increased advertising from a consumer standpoint. I read about the consumer hits for new interest in Invisalign which are pretty outstanding when you look at it from a year-over-year basis. So, it's really all those variables we see are being put in to place to help to drive that growth.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Nate. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Caliendo: Hi, thanks. Thanks for taking my call.
Shirley Stacy: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Caliendo: Just a quick one on China. Hi. So, quick one on China. The how is it impacting the training of the doctors in China. Obviously, it's impacting your revenues. But is it impacting the overall expansion of your business there as well so that as we think about the number of doctors and think about the number of dentists there that will be in registered Invisalign users. How do we think about the impact this is going to have on that as well?
Joseph Hogan: Kevin, honestly it's a good question because that is a variable in the equation just to think of. So, right now you can imagine when you have a contagion like this, you dont want a lot of people hanging out together and Chinese government knows that and we know it too. Our training facilities are in Shanghai and also Chengdu. There is obviously there is infection rates in those areas but they're not like the major provinces that have been impacted so far. But my anticipation is after the holidays you would just have to watch and see exactly what develops in the different provinces in China and what that means. If it's not and you know a big issue in Shanghai or Chengdu or whatever obviously we'll bring doctors and train them. But we're not in a position to even guess on that right now. But is a great question, it's a key variable and you must think develop will certainly come back after the first quarter and let you know.
Kevin Caliendo: And just one quick follow-up, as we talk about sort of expectations around margin expansion embedded in your 2020 guidance. Can you just a little bit of apples to apples on what you expect if we were to sort of back-in to your non-GAAP gross margin or operating margin expansion, what's sort of embedded in the non-GAAP side year-over-year?
John Morici: Yes Kevin, this is John Morici. Yes, we would expect it to be slightly up both on a GAAP and on a non-GAAP basis for operating margin as well as growth margin.
Kevin Caliendo: Okay great, thank you so much.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, thanks Kevin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. John, first one's for you. Just to clarify that the full-year '20 commentary that you gave us, does that reflect a weaker first quarter from China but the rest is up to us or does it not reflect the Q1 hedge, I just wanted to clarify that.
John Morici: It's the latter, it does not reflect any impact from China.
John Kreger: No impact from China. Okay, that's helpful. And then Joe, again just ticking on the China theme. If we think about over the last year the rates of growth that you guys have experienced in that region have been all over the place. From your perspective, what do you sort of view sort of the new normal there in terms of once we get beyond the infection outbreak, is a 20% is it a 50% - do you have an update if you're on it.
Joseph Hogan: John, I dont. I mean, because obviously we're in the storm right now and just trying to get through what that looks like. As I said in my script, if you think about, as we came off the third quarter, we had a really good teen season, we didnt have as much of an adult pickup in the fourth quarter as we'd hoped. But again it was double digit growth and it's still robust growth but not the 50% to 60% that we had joined in China for several years, so. I'd say John I'd like to give that to you, I can't reliably give it to you now but its double digit growth. We continue to make our investments, we are continued to be excited about. China is our second biggest market and we dont think that's going to change but we certainly got to get through this cloud before we can give you something definitive in that sense.
John Kreger: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: All right, thanks guys. Good afternoon.
Joseph Hogan: Hi, Jon.
Jon Block: So, let me throw out a couple of growth rates on China just that kind of you some implied that. I mean with 20,000 to 25,000 fever cases in 1Q. It seems like you're implying that China's down 50% year-over-year in the first quarter in case volumes. And that would even be considering corona virus just sort in that there from the entire quarter from a Rev Rec standpoint. So, is that in the ballpark that we're seeing sort of that magnitude of a de-sell. Then maybe the follow-up to that first question would be more importantly what do you think about these cases, are they lost, are they delayed, are they some sort of a combination with you?
John Morici: Hey Jon, this is John. I think you're in the ballpark I think when you look at what we see from China. I mean, it's certainly last year was significant growth in Q1 and this year obviously impacted by the corona virus It's difficult to say from other cases lost or delayed and so under certainly for this time period they're not they're not happening it's difficult for us to see afterwards after this period of time to see whether those cases come back or not but at least for the first quarter here we're assuming that they're not going to come into the quarter.
Jon Block: Okay got it. And then maybe to shift gears and I don't want everything lost on China Joe you highlighted and I think for the first time quantified the number of map and teams and Invisalign first cases pardon me. I think the summation was around 75,000 at 450,000 team cases for the year. So this has quickly become 15% to 20% of your teen cases maybe you can just talk to that do you still see hyper growth for those two offerings into 2020 and beyond and maybe there's an update on palatal expansion as well? Thanks guys.
Joseph Hogan: Hi Jon I'm really excited about the [map] gross when you see that and you remember map 2 it's kind of age contained, it's a growth aspect between like you know 10 years old and 12.5 years old that really fits but when you take map and you combine that with first that is about 20% to 25% including palatal expansion of the team marketplace. So the idea that that's 15% to 20% of our team cases you talked about matches are pretty well in the sense of what we're seeing in the marketplace overall. I do think you'll continue to see this hyper growth out there. It is a great solution. We look at teens first and how it works. You don't see it John but we continue to improve map all the time. We learn about anchorage on back molars and certain kinds of teeth and whatever. We program those things. We have silent releases but piece by piece we get better at being confident and moving those class two things forward. So overall we're excited about it. I'm confident about the technology. Lastly on the palate expansion piece we know how to make this. We have the right kind of software to develop it. The trick is finding something that you can actually scale from a manufacturing standpoint and get consistent properties with it. And I feel we've been closing in on that rather fast. So we'll give you more of an update as we go into the investors conference in June, I mean in May on a more specificity around that kind of a launch date.
Jon Block: Fair enough. Thanks for your time guys.
Joseph Hogan: Okay. All right. See you John. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Newitter with SVB Leerink. Please proceed with your question. 
Richard Newitter: Hi thanks for taking the questions. John I have two for you. Just going back to your comment on your experience with SARS the last time and the impact on the business you are running there at GE, can you maybe just give a little bit more color what's the definition of stabilization and kind of maybe just talk through some of the visibility that was able to come into focus and how that happened over that six-month time period? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
John Morici: Yes. It just really interesting is to say when I talk about stabilization it means infection rate is how when you start to get to that plateau about not an increase in infection rate but a decrease and you'll see that that's kind of the deceleration and that indicates that it's kind of under control. Again what I learned in 2003 about China is and I think in the Western world we missed this sometimes, it's how much influence the overall government influences there. You can see they change holidays. They lock down cities. They take drastic measures to try to deal with these things. It's something its really unheard from a Western world standpoint. I think we kind of have to respect that that it's a society that will respond to these kind of things in a way that we're not necessarily used to which is actually good for the population because they're just trying to isolate it and contain that thing because depending that virus hasn't quantified yet with exactly it's infection rate meaning how many people are infected per person is infected but the numbers are jumping around but this is in the area of SARS and so I think the best proxy we can have right now is a SARS side. So that's the two things as one is when a plateau is when fewer people are being infected you see that curve start coming down and then secondly is how fast the Chinese government will move and that's why we're staying close with what's going on there and just staying behind the government and trying to support their actions.
Joseph Hogan: Okay Rich. 
Richard Newitter: Okay. That's helpful. Great. 
Joseph Hogan: No, nothing.
Richard Newitter: Okay. Just to follow up here on I appreciate the operating margin guidance excluding the China factors here but let's just say there is some extended impact moving through the year. What's your, how are you thinking about your approach to operating margins if there were to be kind of an extended shortfall in revenues in that region and would you kind of go full blast on the spend or is there a target that you'll kind of look to on preserving leverage, thanks.
John Morici: Hey Rich this is John. It's probably too early to tell that now. I mean like we said we're kind of in the dark side right now of the extended Chinese New Year. We'll see how things progress as we come out and make that assessment. I mean as we've talked about a number of times in our business there's a lot of different leverage that we can pull or not pull based on the conditions that are going on in a particular market and we would assess that as well with China.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew OBrien with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew OBrien: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple here and hello one was asked a little bit earlier just about the deferral of these cases. I mean if they're locking everybody down in China at this point it's not like they're going to be getting brackets and wires. So I'm just trying to figure out you know why this wouldn't come back in eventually and then if it were to come back in say in Q4 timeframe or something like that could you do upwards of 50,000 cases in a quarter? So like all of us have come running back to you fairly quickly if be all clear with signal?
Joseph Hogan: You know Matt could we do 50,000 cases yes. I mean we have capacity. We have both treatment capacity and we have bleed off capacity obviously through Mexico and Costa Rica if we were overwhelmed in China what we have there too but Matt my experience in this business is if things don't happen like that that you don't get this kind of a bow wave that comes after something like this and so it's not that you lose those cases from an adult standpoint they just get pushed out into the future but they don't come back to you all at once. It's just latent demand. The only exception I would make to that that I would guess that the teen season because teens are kind of times based on their age that you have a little more what I call bolus effect there. You have a bow wave that you've really capitalized on teens but it wouldn't occur that way with adults.
Matthew OBrien: Okay. Can you give us, so it's fair to assume that this is not lost revenue. It will come back at some time. Can you give us any sense for the split between the two teens versus adult over in China?
Joseph Hogan: No, at this point in time given what we're seeing over there I can't even guess that. If you're asking for historical splits I don't think we've shared that data in the past and just know that our third quarter is always our biggest quarter in China and it's the biggest because it is teen season. So if you take that look at historically you'd see what those numbers look like on adult versus teen.
Matthew OBrien: Got it. One quick one for John just on gross margin. It's come down over the last kind of three years to the low 70s in 2019. A lot of moving parts here but how do we think about that metric going forward? Are we kind of getting close to the bottom on that metric or should we expect more kind of annual erosion of that metric?
John Morici: Well, I think you saw that our gross margin improved a 60 basis points in Q4 from Q3 and we would look into the future to expect that with the cases that we do sometimes more difficult versus even the non-comprehensive cases we know how to drive that gross margin and we'd expect to see improvement in 2020 and beyond.
Matthew OBrien: Thank you. 
Joseph Hogan: Thank you Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Beuchaw with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Beuchaw: Thanks for the time here. Hi, I wanted to try to maybe put a rosier lens potentially on China for just a second. So we can consider the possibility that things do resolve. One is and I am sorry if I missed this but did you try to grow through the fourth quarter and then the second part of it is if this ends up isolated to Wuhan or the province surrounding Wuhan how does that change your view on the impact of the business?
Joseph Hogan: Hey Steve it's Joe. It would obviously change it because now you segment what the issue is in China but I don't have a guess in the sense of what that would mean. I mean when you think about it obviously Shanghai is a big part of our business and more north of that Beijing is to I'd say the coastal provinces or whatever have always been pretty big. So I think your comment would be if it's just isolated to Wuhan or generally isolated Wuhan the effect won't be as dramatic but I can't, I really can't quantify it Steve. And I find it kind of surprising that its not that the infection rates going to reach the other provinces the way it has Wuhan it's just the Chinese government will take the same steps there to make sure that whatever infection is they do have in those regions don't end up being like Wuhan. Does that make sense?
Stephen Beuchaw: It makes a lot of sense and I'm sorry did you give China growth for 4Q?
Joseph Hogan: No, we didn't Steve. It's similar growth that we saw in Q3.
Stephen Beuchaw: Okay. Perfect. Thank you and then John just a couple of quick ones for you and then I'll drop back into queue. One is are you willing to give folks a sense for how much of the benefit on the margins in 2020 there is tied to the wind down of the Netherlands facility or some of the legal expenditures winding down and then can you give a sense for what your assumption is for pricing year-on-year and the outlook for 2020? I really appreciate that color here. Thank you.
John Morici: Yes. When you look at some of that litigation and some of those entity restructuring programs it was about, it impacted us in 2019 by about a point of margin. So essentially that's a benefit for us in 2020 and that's part of our expansion but when we look at the expectations for 2020 and a comparison versus 2019 we would expect margin expansion and whether using GAAP or non-GAAP based on the leverage and the investments that we're making.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good afternoon. Joe, I don't have a question about China. Actually I want to talk about the U.S. I am curious if you've seen any, just curious to get your latest views around just the competitive environment between DTC and then the office and also notice you put Frank Quinn in a new role in terms of head of the U.S. curious about the rationale behind that and whether that's a reflection of a bigger focus on perhaps the DSO channel?
Joseph Hogan: Brandon that's a good question actually. That's a good deep question. First of all I mean you saw our growth in the Americas for the fourth quarter. It's good. It's accelerating in a GP channel and good progress in the Ortho channel. So obviously I feel good about, I talked about in a previous caller in the sense of the investments we've made in sales people and advertising products and all that we have in those different channels and we look at that going forward we feel good about that capability. From a DTC standpoint we've always stuck with what we said. I mean we know that DTC will go after some of the same patients we do but we haven't necessarily felt an impact in that sense and you see us pushing hard in the sense of our product and portfolio to go after that. We talked about 100 million patients that we think want treatment from an orthodontic standpoint in North America. Other competitors, honestly they're out there. I can't say that we've made any price moves against them. We haven't necessarily felt that we have lost any significant volume in any consistent way and so I don't have anything different to report from that standpoint and I did the previous quarters that we had a discussion. I think when you're hearing about that too Brandon it's what I think we've been consistent for the last two years. When I talked about at the end of my script about this digital platform there's a lot of work you have to do to compete in this marketplace. It's not like just I could produce a plastic aligner and then I can have a material difference in how aligner is effective in the marketplace. There's just so many things you got to be good at in this business from a logistic standpoint, from a manufacturing standpoint, your digital platform, how it serves consumers and what it does with docs. You got to be able to play really well on multi dimensions and I'm not saying that none of our competitors will reach that they're just not at that scale right now but I think that it's made a tremendous difference to us in any way.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks and then there is question about 
Speaker: I am sorry. On Frank I'm sorry, on Franky, but Frank is a great commercial leader. I know he's associated with DSOs and he helped to put us on the map with DSOs with his leadership but overall Frank he came here with good external experience from a sales and dental standpoint. He has really helped the business that way and I thought he is a perfect pick for us to really help to I say to really help us not just extend what we do but to put a lot of focus from a commercial standpoint in our business. So we're excited about Frank. He has a good relationship with Simon. He has great experience from Europe also and taking some best practices there and implementing them. So we're excited about Frank and Simon probably the North American team.
Brandon Couillard: And a question about the Invisalign moderate. Any early feedback you can share on that rollout as an international launch in the works and just curious about your thoughts in terms of whether you might see more trade up from Invisalign light rather than more so than trade down perhaps from a more comprehensive case for those patients? 
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I think we haven't actually documented much trade up from light product line. It's most of it have been trade down from a comprehensive but remember when you trade down on this product line it still has a gross margins. It's accretive to our business and decretive in that sense. So we're allowing more choice for our patients, allowing more choice for our doctors. But we're not doing this to an extent that it really hurts our operating profit.
Brandon Couillard: Thank you. 
Joseph Hogan: Yes. See you Brandon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Johnson with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey Johnson: Hey guys thanks. Good afternoon. Joe I missed the prepared remark. So I'll go back to the transcript on that but just a question one other on China just maybe you addressed it but are you seeing any bleed outside of China any of the tangential markets where patients there also has been to go to hospital settings dental settings, dental office settings things like that any early indications of anything brewing like that?
Joseph Hogan: No, Jeff nothing like that so far. We haven't seen anything anywhere around the world in that sense. Hong Kong has been kind of locked down since the protest or whatever so it's hard to get its signal out of there one way or another but Taiwan, Korea some of the neighboring countries Southeast Asia we haven't seen anything.
Jeffrey Johnson: All right. That's helpful and then in the GP summit late last year Joe you made a big effort I thought to kind of at least put in people's head the idea of around a $2500 price point, $3,000 price point things like that. We've anecdotally been hearing some guys dropping their prices there to compete more against the DTCs. We did some survey work though and didn't find that at all in fact I think GPs and orthos both thought their price points that they charged patients going up over the next 12 and 24 months. Just what are you hearing on a more consolidated basis. Are these docs willing to kind of go aggressively after this lower comprehensive or non-comprehensive market and use some of your newer product to do that and really get after that 100 million patient population in North America.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Jeff it's funny. Its not funny but it's really interesting there's a lot of noise out there right and it's just your question is how do you pull signal from noise out of this whole thing and what we feel is obviously there's a lot of doctors both GPs and orthos. There is a segment, a significant segment of them that see really a clinical build meaning if you don't have to do a complete bite reconfiguration on. You can responsibly move anterior teeth to give a good smile without having to move molars and other aspect of what's going on. Those doctors see this progressive as a maybe I'll fix the anterior teeth for a lower price and then move to a full bite correction at some point in time the patient wants to go. But we see both orthodontists and GPs a certain segment of them really engaging in that sense. So we feel the comment there's enough doctors out there that want to hit this kind of a price point and we'll do it in a very efficient way. Someone look at it doing with maybe two or three touches with a patient rather than constant touches every few weeks and using remote monitoring and those kind of things to see how patients are going. So we actually feel that we can that there are doctors out there with a limited product that will engage in that sense and be able to go after these what we'd call price sensitive DTC patients who are looking for just really an aesthetic correction not a bite correction.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Valiquette: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. My China questions also have been addressed. I'm going to go non-China for a moment. Just the question on the total ASPs. For the portion of ASP that was down sequentially due to the promotional discounts that you alluded to just curious some more color around that whether that's related to maybe a higher volume is being achieved by individual practitioners? It sounds like what happened in mid 18 that nobody probably wants to relive if they can help in or perhaps related to maybe a greater mix a DSO business maybe more discounts for groups maybe less related individuals. Just more color around on the discount that you alluded to. Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I think Steve as you look at it we run promotions on a regular basis to be able to drive volume, drive behavior. We see a mix effect of that as well where in Q3 there was more ortho cases and in Q4 more fortunately GP cases but as we said as I've said really throughout the 2019 we expected our ASPs to be relatively flat throughout the year notwithstanding FX and if we looked at where things were a year ago we're up $5 and if you look at the FX impact to that it was a negative $15. So you're going to have puts it takes as you go to the quarters but we saw relative consistency throughout the year on our ASPs.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. All right thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ryskin: Yes, thanks. Same a lot of the China questions have been sort of flushed out. I want to follow up on Steves questions just now is sort of how do you think about that moving forward the ASP component as we move through 2020? You highlighted some of the moving pieces you had in 2019 and historically and you've also got a shifting portfolio mix, shifting geographic mix especially with some China events going on? Just wanted to get a sense of how you're thinking about both discounts promotions, the advantage program and the mix shift evolving over the last couple years of [indiscernible] how do you envision ASPs trending down? 
Joseph Hogan: Yes, it's a good question Michael. I mean you think of it, just think of them separately for once and then we will go together. So if you look at separately if you look at the comprehensive product relatively consistent. There's not going to, from a promotion standpoint everything else you would expect consistency in those ASPs. Same way from a non-comprehensive product. But when you see the interaction between the two as non-comp grows faster you could see ASPs to be flat to be slightly down as a result of that mix and as we've said and as we saw in the fourth quarter where ASPs even if it's at a lower ASP it still comes with a higher gross margin and we saw that in the fourth quarter. We expect that going forward. So when we look to the future ASPs of course get the headlines but we're really focusing on driving that gross margin and operating margin.
Michael Ryskin: Great and quick one if I may as well on the scanner segment on iTero. Strong end to the year but still sort of not nearly at the same pace you had earlier and Ive realized part of that is the stat comps but there's also been a lot of noise in the market with some other competitor entrance throughout 2019. Can talk about anything you're seeing at iTero if it's tied to so your DSOs where you sort of exhausted the pool of the installs that you had when you sign on board with them or if it's something from a competitive landscape you're seeing.
Joseph Hogan: I still felt great about the growth iTero business for the year at the 38% and you're right I mean even you look at the capital equipment market in any medical business the fourth quarter is usually the biggest one at people are looking at the what they're going to do from a CapEx standpoint they buy. So it was a tough comparison year-over-year but still growing 20%. I think the best way to think about this Michael there's competition out there. We feel really good about our digital platform that iTero represents, how it competes against any scanner really out there and you see that it's doing well on restorative to as well as from an orthodontic standpoint. So we think we're really competitive but I think the back your question is like how do you model that thing going forward. I think you model that at our 20% to 30% growth rates that we have given you for our business in general and that's what we've done through the many years we've had iTero so far is keeping that range. Sometimes we've been outside that range on the upside or whatever but long-term your model I think of 20% to 30% and a significant amount of that being some services revenue to that really helps in that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Crdit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Erin Wright: Great. Thanks. Follow-up on iTero, I guess what's the early feedback on the 5D scanner and how should we think about the overall opportunity on that track? Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: The doctor feedback, Erin it's Joe, on the 5D scanner has really been great .I mean the ones that really use it to scan every patient when they come in, they're picking up caries or cavities at a rate that are almost 2x of what they can actually visually see or see through an X-ray and that's driven a lot of new business through those docs and so a lot of this information comes in, I mean obviously outside the United States because the FDA hasn't approved that yet. So we see this near infrared technology that we're being used to see cracks in teeth and caries in teeth. It's really helping from a cash flow standpoint, from a doctor and the cases they're seeing and secondly it's helping patients in that sense be able to identify issues that you can get at a little more proactively before they really become an issue. As far as 5D in the United States I think we've said that I'm never going to guess when the FDA says yes. I've been in class 2 medical device business for too long but our expectation is in sometime in the first half that it will get 5D approval through the FDA.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks Erin. Next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from line of Chris Cooley with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Cooley: Thanks for squeezing me in and also thank you for taking a shot at China. Now that's a really fluid situation for you guys this evening. Just from my perspective can we go back to 30,000 [feet] and just looking at the guidance for 20 in terms of growth ex-China you're talking about towards the lower bound of the LRP plan there to say 20% to 25%. Why wouldn't growth inflect higher after the deceleration and from 18 to 19 it was pretty meaningful. Could you maybe just help us parse that out whether it's the challenging part of comps? If it's a difference in the consumer mix, competition? Just want to try and understand why that wouldn't inflect back up with the strong volume growth that you're seeing globally here in 2018 and 2019 independent obviously of China. Thanks.
John Morici: Yes, Chris this is John. It's a good question. I mean when we look at the investments that we're making, we invested to as you said that long term growth model where there's international expansion and we continue to expand and grow in two countries. We want to continue to grow our utilization whether it's on the ortho side or the GP side. We look at how we exited. We felt really good about fourth quarter. We feel good about coming into this year and what we want to make sure that as we invest and as we continue to grow we can give you information that we see and as we look at the year and as we look at our investments this is the best information that we can get. Of course as we invest we always look for additional opportunities whether it's growth in other markets, increase utilization and so on and those are things that will do. China gets a lot of the headlines now because of what's happening there but the rest of our business is a good growth opportunity for us and we're making investments within those areas.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Ravi Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Hogan: Hi Ravi.
Operator: Ravi your line is live are you on mute.
Ravi Misra: Hi. how are you? Sorry I was on mute. Two quick questions. Thanks for squeezing me in. just on the balance sheet both of them. Number one just inventory days have been creeping up throughout the year. Historically there's been a pretty good working capital business. Can you help me understand why that's the case and what's the kind of new normal expected there and secondly with almost 870 million on the balance sheet just in terms of capital allocation maybe help us think about any changes to the current kind of philosophy of share repurchases. Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: Hey Ravi, this is Joe. I will take the first one on iTero or the balance sheet with inventory. The majority of that increase is on the iTero side as we transition through products with Element 1 to Element 2 and then to 5D there's just some timing related to that but that as we start to sell more 5D and as we increase our volume on iTero that inventory will come down. On the Invisalign side it's pretty consistent to what our growth has been.
John Morici: On the cash on a balance sheet obviously there is company's amazing cash generator in that way. I just want to emphasize Ravi we're not into the general dentistry business. So don't look us going out to broaden the portfolio in any particular way. We're building what we talked about when I closed about a digital platform and investing in that digital platform is where we're focused on. So we have our Investor Day in May we will re-approach in a sense of the share buyback and what we think we'll be doing with that cash in the future.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Ravi. Thanks everyone. That concludes our conference call today. We appreciate you taking the time. As a reminder we did send out information today the date for our Investor Day in May 12 in New York City. If you have any questions please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Align Technologies Q3 2019 Earnings Conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, Vice President, Corporate and Investor Communications. Thank you. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued third quarter 2019 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on November 6. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13694915#, 16127415 with the same conference number.  As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the fourth quarter of 2019. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our third quarter 2019 conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights for the third quarter and briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, clear aligners and intra-oral scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. For Q3, I'm pleased to report revenues, volumes and earnings above our third quarter outlook, driven by better-than-expected volume across the Invisalign portfolio in Asia Pacific and Latin America, reflecting record highs for both regions and improving trends in the North American orthodontics channel. Notwithstanding EMEA summer seasonality, we saw continued adoption from teens and especially young patients using Invisalign First across the board. Q3 Invisalign volumes were up 20.7% year-over-year, driven by the growth across the product portfolio as well as the expansion of our customer base, which increased by 5,900 new Invisalign doctors for a total of 63,000 active doctors worldwide. The iTero scanner and services business was up 16.5% year-over-year, reflecting continued growth across each region, and down sequentially as expected coming off a record second quarter.  Now let's turn to the specifics around our third quarter results, starting with the Americas region. For the Americas region, typical Q3 summer seasonality for adult case starts in North America was offset by the growth in North American teen market as well as the strength from Latin American orthodontists. Q3 Invisalign case volume was up 2% sequentially and 13% year-over-year on tough comps. Recall in Q3 '18, we had a teen and adult promotion that drove approximately 4 to 5 points of growth in the Americas. In Q3, we trained over 2,700 new doctors in the Americas region, of which nearly half were Latin American doctors. On a sequential basis, Q3 Invisalign volume growth reflects increased utilization for the Americas region overall, driven by the North American Orthos at 19.1 cases per doctor, where we saw improved momentum throughout the quarter and good growth from teens in Invisalign First patients. North American GP volume was seasonally lower in Q3, and we're seeing improving trends into fourth quarter, reflecting benefit from our investment in sales resources added at the beginning of the year. New and existing reps are continuing to ramp up, and we would expect further progress over the remainder of the year. We also had continued strength across comprehensive and non-comprehensive products in Latin America, led by Brazil. Year-over-year, Q3 Invisalign volume for the Americas region was driven by continued growth from both the Ortho and GP channels, including the DSOs. The DSO channel remains an important channel and consistently grows faster than non-DSO practices.  For our international business, Q3 reflects increased growth in Asia Pacific, especially from our teen segment in China, partially offset by sequentially lower volume in EMEA due to the summer holidays for Invisalign practices in most European countries. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign volume increased 32.1%, reflecting strength across our product portfolio with continued expansion of our customer base. In Q3, we changed -- we trained over 3,100 new Invisalign doctors internationally, with 60% in the Asia Pacific region. In EMEA, Q3 Invisalign volumes were down sequentially as expected, reflecting more pronounced seasonality in the first half of the quarter and strong momentum in the back half, led by Iberia in the U.K. Q3 volumes were up 29% year-over-year with broad-based growth across the Invisalign product portfolio and continued momentum from Invisalign Go treatment.  We also continue to see strong growth across our key expansion markets as well, led by Central and Eastern Europe and the Middle East and Africa. In Q3, as part of our corporate structure reorganization, we reallocated order acquisition for EMEA from the Netherlands to Poland. This site will serve as a centralized facility for order acquisition, local sales and support. In addition, this location will also offer treatment planning to support all of EMEA country markets except for Spain and Germany, where we'll continue to support their local markets.  For APAC, Q3 Invisalign volume increased 35.1% year-over-year, led by Greater China and Japan. We continue to see strong growth from GP dentist, which was up 53.2% year-over-year, especially in Japan, where adoption of Invisalign Go continues to exceed expectations. On a sequential basis, Q3 Invisalign volume for APAC reflects continued momentum in China, especially from teen cases and growth from Taiwan and Korea. We also saw increased adoption of Invisalign First in Japan and ANZ and Taiwan as well as positive results from Teen Edge professional marketing programs, which are helping to drive Invisalign growth.  During the quarter, we opened the treatment planning facility in Yokohama, Japan, to better support Japanese doctors in local language and local time zones. APAC remains a huge growth opportunity for Align, and this investment reflects our commitment providing our customers with continued support as we grow and scale our business across the region.  Teens and kids continue to make up the largest portion of the orthodontic market and represent a huge growth opportunity for Invisalign treatment to replace metal braces worldwide. Over the past 2 years, we introduced 2 product innovations to help doctors treat more patients in this segment. Invisalign treatment with mandibular advancement addresses roughly 45% of teen cases and is the only clear aligner to move the mandible forward while straightening teeth at the same time. Invisalign First treatment is the first clear aligner product designed with features specifically for growing patients as young as 7 years old, and Phase 1 addresses 20% of the orthodontic case starts each year. Both products have continued to grow and helped increase utilization for Invisalign treatment worldwide.  In Q3, 130,000 teenagers and kids as young as 7 years old started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 31.5% year-over-year, reflecting continued adoption across all major regions, especially China. Cumulatively, nearly 2 million teens or younger patients have used Invisalign clear aligners.  In Q3, we continue to see strong dental engagement with consumers, reaching over 4.5 million unique visitors on Invisalign websites worldwide for a total of 62 million visitors to date. Our digital approach to teen marketing continues to drive awareness and interested teenagers into Invisalign practices. Other key metrics show increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand and are included in our Q3 quarterly slides.  In addition, we launched a new advertising campaign for North America at the beginning of the quarter. The North American campaign was launched across all key media channels with a reach to over 140 million consumers, combining a robust paid media strategy across prime broadcast, cable and connected TV channels with paid search and social media. While still new in the marketplace and very early in the cycle, we're seeing a positive response from doctors and consumers. In the last few weeks, all KPIs metrics have shown strong momentum with more than a 50% increase in Doctor Locator searches and in leads scheduled from our Smile Concierge service.  Finally, as many of you may have seen, we recently announced marketing relationships with several professional sports teens, including the San Francisco 49ers, the Toronto Raptors, the Carolina Hurricanes and the New England Patriots. Align is always looking for ways to evolve our brand marketing to be relevant to potential patients where they work, live and play.  Over the last few years, many sports brands have evolved their own brand programs to engage with fans in a variety of ways and through multiple touch points. Partnering with teens who have an omni-channel approach to brand marketing and engagement gives us direct access to large, loyal fan bases and helps us reach individual consumers and whole families through a variety of existing fan platforms. With the right team partners, we can create awareness for the power of winning smiles. And as always, the goal is the same for us: to build awareness and demand for Invisalign treatment and connect engaged consumers with Invisalign doctor practices in their markets.  For Q3, iTero scanner and services revenue was down sequentially as expected and up 16.5% year-over-year, reflecting continued growth across all regions and customer channels, including large DSOs. Year-to-date, iTero revenues were up 47.3%, reflecting continued adoption of digital dentistry. Cumulatively, over 18 million orthodontic scans and 4.3 million restorative scans have started with iTero scanners. Heartland Dental, one of our largest DSO partners, recently celebrated their millionth iTero scan, highlighting how important iTero and Invisalign workflow is in their doctor practices, which now includes 900 offices across the U.S. and is enabling them to add nearly 200,000 digital scans per month.  Use of iTero scanners for Invisalign case submissions continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q3, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased from 78.7% to 71.9% in Q3 of last year. International scans increased 62.5%, up from 53.9% in the same quarter last year. Within the Americas, 92.9% of cases submitted by North American orthos were submitted digitally. We continue to expand the iTero portfolio to address doctors' needs and enable them to more easily adopt Invisalign treatment in their practices.  In August, we announced the commercial availability of the iTero Element 2 scanner in China, with the first made in China iTero Element 2 produced in our manufacturing facility in Ziyang. The launch exemplifies Align's continued innovation and investment to advance digital dentistry in China.  In September, we announced a global distribution agreement for the iTero Element family of intraoral scanners with Zimmer Biomet Dental. The agreement enables us to leverage Zimmer Biomet Dental's extensive direct global sales force and network of dental clinicians and laboratories to help to further drive the penetration of iTero scanners and services in their growing digital restorative market. The collaboration also offers Zimmer Biomet Dental customers access to Invisalign clear aligners through the iTero platform to facilitate a comprehensive interdisciplinary treatment approach. We know that a key differentiator in the evolution to a digital practice and dental ecosystem is clinical education. Through this collaboration, the iTero scanner becomes the exclusive intraoral scanner used in the U.S. and European Zimmer Biomet Institutes, which trains thousands of doctors annually in an interactive learning environment, with the ultimate goal of improved clinical outcomes. We also joined Zimmer at the Japan Society of Oral Implantology Meeting in Japan and at the EAO in Portugal, where the iTero intraoral scanners were showcased.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q3 financial results. Total revenue for the third quarter was $607.3 million, up 1.1% from the prior quarter and up 20.2% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Year-over-year revenue growth was favorable in all regions. For clear aligners, Q3 revenue of $516.3 million was up sequentially due to Invisalign volume growth in most geographies and higher ASPs. Year-over-year clear aligner revenue growth of 20.9% reflects strong Invisalign shipment growth across all customer channels and geographies and higher ASPs. Q3 Invisalign ASPs were up sequentially by approximately $30 to $1,260, primarily due to price increases in all regions, partially offset by promotional discounts. On a year-over-year basis, Q3 Invisalign ASPs were up $30, primarily reflecting price increases in all regions, partially offset by promotional discounts and unfavorable foreign exchange.  Total Q3 Invisalign shipments of 384 point -- 385,400 cases were up 2.2% sequentially and up 20.7% year-over-year. For Americas Orthodontists, Q3 Invisalign case volume was up 5.6% sequentially and up 16.4% year-over-year. For Americas GP Dentists, Invisalign case volume was down 4.1% sequentially and up 7.4% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 2.5% sequentially and up 32.1% year-over-year. Our scanner and services revenue for the third quarter was $91.1 million, down 12.4% sequentially as expected, reflecting lower volume coming off another strong Q2, partially offset by higher ASPs. Year-over-year, scanners and services revenue was up 16.5%, driven by increased services revenue off of a higher installed base and higher volume.  Moving on to gross margin. Third quarter overall gross margin was 72%, flat sequentially and down 1.6 points year-over-year. Gross margin was impacted by approximately 0.3 points year-over-year due to unfavorable foreign exchange. Clear aligner gross margin for the third quarter was 73.5%, down 0.2 points sequentially, primarily due to increased aligners per case, partially offset by higher ASPs and seasonally lower doctor training. Clear aligner gross margin was down 1.8 points year-over-year, primarily due to increased aligners per case, partially offset by higher ASPs. Scanner gross margin for the third quarter was 64.1%, up 0.5 points sequentially and up 0.2 points year-over-year, primarily due to higher ASPs and increased manufacturing efficiencies.  Q3 operating expenses were $310.4 million, up sequentially 21.3% and up 25.9% year-over-year. The sequential increase reflects the benefit of $51 million related to the Straumann litigation settlement recorded in the second quarter. Additionally, the third quarter includes a $6.8 million benefit from the early termination of our Invisalign store leases. The year-over-year increase reflects our investment in consumer advertising with a brand-new North American campaign launched in August, continued -- and the continued investment in R&D, geographic expansion and go-to-market activities, partially offset by the benefit from the early termination of our Invisalign store leases.  Our third quarter operating income of $127.2 million resulted in an operating margin of 20.9%, down 8.5 points sequentially and down 3.9 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating margin is primarily attributed to the $51 million benefit related to the Straumann settlement recorded in Q2, partially offset by a $6.8 million benefit related to the Invisalign store lease terminations in the third quarter. The year-over-year decrease in operating margin is primarily due to lower gross margin, as described earlier, and the increased investments in our geographic expansion and go-to-market activities, partially offset by the benefit from the early termination of our Invisalign store leases in the third quarter.  Operating margin was impacted by approximately 0.6 points year-over-year due to the unfavorable foreign exchange. Interest, other income and expense for the third quarter was $1.3 million, down $16.1 million sequentially and flat on a year-over-year basis. The sequential decrease reflects the $15.8 million gain related to the sale of our equity investment in SmileDirectClub during the second quarter.  With regards to third quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 20.2%. Third quarter diluted earnings per share was $1.28, down $0.55 sequentially and up $0.04 compared to the prior year.  Moving on to the balance sheet. As of September 30, 2019, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short- and long-term investments, were $782.4 million, an increase of $16.5 million from the prior quarter, which is primarily due to higher cash flow from operations, partially offset by $200 million used to repurchase approximately 1.1 million shares of our stock. Of our $782.4 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $513.9 million was held in the U.S. and $268.5 million was held by our international entities. Q3 accounts receivable balance was $531.8 million, up approximately 2.3% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 79 days, up 2 days sequentially and up 4 days from Q3 last year.  Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $234.5 million, up $138.3 million compared to the prior year. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $26.6 million, primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner capacity and facilities. Free cash flow for the third quarter defined as cash flow from operations, less capital expenditures, amounted to $207.9 million.  During Q3 2019, we entered into and completed an accelerated stock repurchase agreement, ASR, to repurchase $200 million of our common stock, which was completed in September of 2019. We received a total of approximately 1.1 million shares for an average price of $176.61 per share. We have $200.5 million remaining available for repurchase under the May 2018 repurchase program.  With that, let's turn to our Q4 outlook and the factors that inform our view, starting with the demand outlook. Q3 was a solid quarter, and momentum has continued to build into Q4, across all regions. For international, we expect Q4 volumes across to be up sequentially, reflecting strong uptick from EMEA, as doctors come back from summer holidays. For the Americas, we expect Q4 volumes to be up sequentially, reflecting growth across all key country markets as well as momentum in North American Ortho and GPs along with increased media spend and the launch of our new consumer advertising campaign, as Joe described earlier.  We expect our iTero business to be up sequentially in Q4 to reflect end of the year capital equipment purchases and investment in growing the iTero business across all regions.  With this as a backdrop, we expect the fourth quarter to shape up as follows. Invisalign case volume is expected to be in the range of 400,000 to 407,000 cases, up approximately 20% to 22% year-over-year. We expect Q4 revenue to be in the range of $640 million to $650 million, up approximately 20% to 22% year-over-year. Our Q4 revenue outlook assumes no SDC volume compared to the same quarter a year ago when aligner supply to SDC contributed about $5.8 million to revenue. We expect Q4 gross margin to be in the range of 71.7% to 72.4%. Q4 gross margin is up 0.4 points compared to Q3 as we expect continued improvements in our manufacturing efficiencies associated with higher volumes. We expect Q4 operating expenses to be in the range of $318 million to $323 million. Q4 operating margin should be in the range of 22% to 22.7%. Our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 24%. Diluted shares outstanding is expected to be approximately $79.4 million, exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q4 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.35 to $1.42. In addition, we expect to repurchase at least $100 million of our stock in the open market in Q4.  As we continue our operational expansion efforts, we expect capital expenditures for Q4 to be approximately $30 million to $35 million, and we expect depreciation and amortization to be $22 million to $24 million.  Before turning the call back to Joe, I want to update you on our corporate entity reorganization. On January 1, 2020, our EMEA headquarters in the Netherlands will officially move to Switzerland. Our new Swiss location will serve as the headquarters for all regional, commercial and operational activities in EMEA and will be supported by the existing network of local offices established across the region. Our new corporate entity, Align Technology Switzerland GmbH, will assume all responsibility for the sale and distribution of the Invisalign system, iTero intraoral scanners and associated Align goods and services in EMEA, previously provided by Align Technology B.V.  Our local and global teens have been working diligently to ensure a very smooth transition while supporting our doctors, suppliers and employees, many of whom have decided not to relocate to Switzerland but will stay on in transitional roles as needed. I want to thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication in supporting this major company initiative. While it is never easy to make this kind of change, especially when it impacts team members who have helped build the EMEA business and have contributed so much to our overall success, we are very excited about our new operations in Switzerland.  Now I'll turn the call back to Joe for closing comments.
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John, and thanks for joining our call today. Overall, Q3 was a solid quarter for us across the board with increasing momentum in APAC and North America that has carried us over into Q4. As you can see from the high end of our guidance, the implied full year growth rate from Invisalign volume is 23.5%, with international growth in the mid to high 30s. . Overall, our business remains very healthy with numerous growth drivers in a vastly underpenetrated market. We remain confident in both the enormous opportunity ahead to lead the evolution of digital orthodontics and comprehensive dentistry with our doctor customers, and in our ability to execute our strategy to increase adoption of Invisalign treatment globally.  With that, I want to thank you again for joining the call. I look forward to seeing many of you at our upcoming financial conferences and meetings, including the Invisalign GP Summit in November in Las Vegas. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Erin Wright with Crdit Suisse.
Erin Wright: In terms of the higher OpEx spend, are you seeing the returns from the North America, I guess, stepped-up marketing and media spend as you expected? And how should we be thinking about that level of spend into the fourth quarter just based on the responses that you're seeing from the marketing campaigns so far? And will this, I guess, contribute to the accelerating kind of volume trends in the fourth quarter as well as momentum into 2020?
Joseph Hogan: Erin, it's Joe. Yes, we're seeing, as you can tell from the statistics we just recorded, we have a real large take-up when you think about doc locator searches, which is a primary or concierge service and what they're handling. Remember, the concierge service takes those customers and then directs them directly to doctors that we have a high degree of certainty that they'll actually convert them into Invisalign.  As we move into the fourth quarter, expect the same amount of investment. Also in the Americas too with the improvements you're seeing is also our sales force and the additions we put together. As we said at the beginning of the year, it usually takes at least 9 months, 6 to 9 months, to see some kind of traction that we're seeing with the sales force, too. So both the advertisements from a North America standpoint and the added salespeople, we think, are really contributing to that momentum we just reported.
Erin Wright: Okay. Great. And then my follow-up, just on China, in particular. Can you speak to what you're seeing across that market, just given some of the commentary you had in the previous quarter around the softness in that geography? If you could give us an update there, that would be great.
Joseph Hogan: Well, the momentum we reported in China that we -- when we had our announcement in the second quarter, continued throughout the quarter. So I think we had 26% growth in China in the second quarter. As we move into the third quarter, we're in the upper 30% range. Overall, we're just seeing good uptake. We had a good teen season there. We've hired 40% more people in China also. It takes them a while to actually become acclimatized, be trained and have them effective in China also. So we feel good about the momentum in China.  I think the economic situation there with reporting the slowest growth we've seen in 30 years, we know we have a headwind there because that continues, it reported in the second quarter, too. But overall, we think we've made the right adjustments and we have the right focus right now to continue some good growth there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research.
Stephen Beuchaw: I'm sure there'll be a lot of questions about Invisalign and appropriately so, so I want to go a different direction and ask about a couple other things. One is actually the iTero number in the quarter. I know it's normal seasonally to see things make a move like this, but I wonder, as you saw trends for iTero in the quarter, where -- there was actually a lot going on operationally, given what you were doing with Zimmer, which I'm sure was a significant time investment for the sales force where you had a product launch coming in a key region. Do you think there was any disruption in terms of the commercial effort around iTero during the quarter?
John Morici: Steve, it's John. No, there's no disruption. I mean, we are -- if you look at iTero for -- on a year-to-date basis, it's up 47%. You're going to have some timing that happens by quarter, but we feel very good where iTero is. It's the front end of our digital ecosystem, very critical to our business, and you're going to have fluctuations by quarter. But we feel very good where iTero is so far this year.
Stephen Beuchaw: Okay. And then sorry, Joe, for leaving you out here, but I got a couple for John. One is on the transition in Europe, can you speak to how much duplicative costs you might be -- might have been carrying between the Switzerland operations and the Netherlands operations and what that could mean for the tax rate over time as you change the domicile of the organization. And then I wonder if you could give us an update on what you think prospectively the impact of facilities' manufacturing capacity utilization is going to be going forward on gross margins?
John Morici: Yes, Steve. In terms of the changes that we make and making in EMEA, it's really to simplify some of the organization that we have and in light of many of the tax changes and other structures that we had to create. So look at it from that standpoint. It simplifies things a little bit from an entity standpoint and gives us some flexibility to changes to our tax -- to taxes that happen globally.  From a facility standpoint, we're putting in manufacturing where it makes sense. We've talked a lot about China manufacturing, and that continues to ramp up. Treatment planning globally would be closer to our customers. That's very important to us. And there's always a transition period in terms of that productivity, as they become more and more productive, but we feel very good about the investments that we've made and the gross margin that we see now and what we're forecasting.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: Joe, what's your sense about the underlying health of consumer spending on orthodontics at this point? Is it getting better or worse? And I'm curious if you think the -- all the money going into some of the direct-to-consumer-oriented models like SDC, is that proving to be a net benefit to Align or a little bit of a detriment as you weigh sort of awareness versus any competitive shifts?
Joseph Hogan: John, first of all, I think you picked up in your survey and other people do too when we picked it up is, I mean, we see good consumer spending right now from an orthodontic standpoint. Align stands out in that spending when you look at it specifically. As far as how that's driven, obviously, we've put a lot more into consumer advertising, and some of the DTC competitors have done that also. I do think that, that raises consumer brand awareness. No question. I think the consumers go to the Internet to try to answer those questions. They'll go to their doctors to try to answer those questions, too. So I can't deny, John. I think that our advertising and some competitive advertising in that sense probably does raise all boats to a certain extent.
John Kreger: Great. And then one quick follow-up. The utilization among your North American GPs has been kind of flat over the last couple of years. What is your thinking about the best way to drive that higher over the next year or 2?
Joseph Hogan: First of all, John, I think you know that. You've been with us for a long time. We add so many GPs every year. 150,000 of them, we train significant numbers of them each year. And so you end up with a dilutive effect in that sense. So the numbers that we reported, it always is around 3.4% to 3.6% from quarter-to-quarter. But back to your question, I think the way to do this is: one, obviously, our DSO approach is a good one because as I talked about it being a force multiplier before you work with these strong DSOs, they have their own training for their groups. They help quantify workflow and do different things that for years in this business, I think we thought we just needed 1 product, but we've learned over time, like a product like iGo really isn't a product, it's a system. It's a system that really works with GPs to identify patients that qualify for this. It fits well with their workflow. It allows them to be confident when they're in front of patients that they can handle those cases, and we stand behind them. So overall, it's right products, right systems, working with DSOs that help us to become -- drive better penetration, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets.
Ravi Misra: Can hear me okay?
Shirley Stacy: Yes. Sure.
Ravi Misra: Great. So just a question on the gross margin, not to pick too much at what I think was a pretty good quarter, just why aren't we seeing, given the kind of pricing uptick that looks like it emerged in the third quarter, why aren't we seeing more of a flow-through on the clear aligner gross margin in the fourth quarter? And maybe if you could help us think about pricing in the fourth quarter for the ASPs. I think last quarter, you said it would be about even with the second quarter, and that's pretty much a lot better than that. So do you feel more confidence in your ability to take price here?
John Morici: Yes. Robbie, this is John. As we've discussed, I mean, we've taken price up in the third quarter, and you see that show up in ASPs. We're also investing to -- in our manufacturing and treatment plant to be closer to our customers. Sometimes that offsets -- and in third quarter, there was not much change from Q2. In Q4, we talked about our guidance, which is up sequentially in gross margin. It's a reflection of more volume productivity that we expect to continue to see at these manufacturing sites. And we'll continue to see that benefit. When you look at the ASPs, as you mentioned, like I said, at $1,260, was a good increase of $30 from Q2. We were able to -- when we think about the forecast to that, it will come down slightly. The mix was really high from a comprehensive standpoint in Q3. So when we take it down to Q4, it'll be, we think, closer to $1,245, which is very consistent that we've talked about as being essentially flat as we go through this year.
Ravi Misra: Great. And then if I can just maybe squeeze in a follow-up to the implications on teen there with the comprehensive, just if you could confirm or maybe provide some color. As that -- as you get deeper penetration at that market, it looks like you've been doing 30% growth here the last few quarters. How should we think about the mix shift on the pricing? That should be kind of a good guy, right, with the more comprehensive cases?
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Rob, it's Joe. Yes, you're right. It's a mix shift. Remember, from a teen growth standpoint, and we're reporting really good above 30% teen growth globally, but we're still the -- our utilization rates in that marketplace are way below our clinical entitlement, I would say. Today, we can handle almost all teen cases. So with that in mind, though, it is a mix-up. It is primarily a comprehensive marketplace. It's primarily an ortho marketplace in how it works. We feel really good about our portfolio to be able to address the teen patients right now. And long term, we see that as a counterbalance on ASPs that we all think about.
Operator: Next question is from Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan Block: Joe, maybe first one for you. Just any comments, maybe I missed it, but sort of on comprehensive versus non-comprehensive growth this quarter. And then with the GP summit approaching next month, is there any plan to more aggressively sort of pursue call it this lower acuity cases through that channel? And then I've got a follow-up.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. I mean, Jon, honestly, I mean, from a comprehensive standpoint, obviously, still 70% of our portfolio more goes that way. But with the introduction of Lite, iGo, products like this, we made an adjustment on E5 this quarter, E7, all these other products. I mean that part of our product line has traditionally been growing faster and with the comprehensive thing is. Now it's a law of small numbers versus large numbers, but we do see increased growth in that area.  When we look at the GP channel, we do look at the GP channel as a way to get at patients, what we call kind of a sub-acute kind of on a patient base to do that. So I mentioned iGo on the last call also as being a system that allows us to do that. Obviously, Lite does that also. So you'll see us, Jon, increasingly focused on that channel, but also think about working really closely with GPs on not just the product line, but the system itself with iTero, how to be able to do treatment planning quickly and to give the GPs confidence that when they adopt these cases, that they'll finish and they'll finish well. Those are the 3 critical variables we know we have to hit to really drive significant growth.
Jonathan Block: Got it. Very helpful. And then just maybe John, the reorg for this year, is there sort of a refined number? Is that 1.5% or 2%? Or is it still in that range? And then sort of part B to that question is it follows up on Ravi's. Just to be as specific as possible, the gross margin is in sort of flattish Q3 to Q4, is it a globalizing the supply chain headwind? Or is it more aligners per case headwind? And I'm asking that because the more aligners per case, that probably continues with teen, et cetera, but the globalizing supply chain, that seems more of a '19 event than a '20 event. So any more detail you can give around gross margin would be helpful.
John Morici: Yes, Jon, it's really both. I mean, when you look at, especially as we do and work with our doctors doing more and more complicated cases, as comprehensive grows and Invisalign First and teen and so on, those end up being more aligners and end up impacting our gross margin. The globalization that we're doing, that's much more short term. As we said, getting close to our customers is very, very critical to us. Treatment planning, manufacturing. But as you get more and more capacity there and scale that, you see productivity improvements.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Caliendo with UBS.
Shirley Stacy: Kevin, you there?
Kevin Caliendo: Yes. Sorry, I apologize. Did you take the same price increases internationally as you did domestically? That's the first quick one. And then just looking at the trend, quarterly trend in case growth and overall revenue growth, is seasonality shifting as international sales grow as a percentage? And how should we think about that going forward?
Joseph Hogan: Kevin, Joe. On the pricing piece, yes, it's about the same. I think there's some mix and tucks on Lite versus comprehensive. But basically the same price increase globally across the board. On the revenue growth, the seasonality of it. I think the biggest thing that you can think of, there's really a couple of trends in this business is, one, in North America, you move into the third quarter, it's teen season and GPs tend to decline. But the biggest mix is in Europe, where you basically go down for vacation, I mean, lights go out for us for a long period of time, and then obviously come back in September. And then you got China on the other side that kind of compensates for that in the past. So those are the big, I would say, countercyclical or cyclical movements that we have in the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Newitter with SVB Leerink.
Richard Newitter: I have two, Joe. Just the first one. Just last quarter, you gave a little bit of color on anecdotally what you're seeing out in the field from doctor-directed competition and some of the discounting that might be taking place. I was just curious if you could comment on the -- on the trend into the current quarter and what you're seeing there? Anything that's surprising you or different from what you saw last quarter on those? And I have a follow-up.
Joseph Hogan: Richard, on the -- with that comment I made last quarter had to do with doctor-directed to DYI model and primarily North America and some kind of young adult segments. We actually saw that stabilize and actually start to improve in the third quarter from an order endpoint. So actually saw good momentum in the right direction there.
Richard Newitter: Okay. And I was just referring to the more traditional competitors that recently started launching products where there might be some trialing. That's what you're referring to as improving, not the DTC...
Joseph Hogan: No. Actually, I'd say both. I mean the traditional competitors that are out there, we acknowledged them last quarter, which we thought we had to, but there's no fundamental change in that, what we saw in the second quarter versus what we saw in the third quarter.
Richard Newitter: Okay. And then just on China, Joe. I get the sense that you just have improved visibility relative to kind of where you were sitting at this time last conference call. Is that the right kind of directional takeaway from the call as you see the trends into the fourth quarter? Clearly, it picked up in China in the third quarter. And what would you say, your long-range plan top line greater than 20% growth for the foreseeable future. What would you say your confidence level is kind of today versus maybe 3 months ago, particularly with -- now that you have more data points in hand on China and some of those North America trend last quarter that were in focus.
Joseph Hogan: Rich, I'll keep my comments kind of in this year. But I'd say, what China shaped up to be is pretty much what we called in the second quarter. We said the teen season is going to come in China. We thought that would be a lift. We've hired the salespeople. We're looking for that to take hold and be able to move the business forward. And so to say we have better visibility, I think we have the same visibility that we had quarter-to-quarter. Actually, from an execution standpoint, I just think the steps that we've taken with some of the pressure on consumer demand that we reported in the second quarter, the operational steps that we took in China on the ground, we're seeing a good result for it and we feel good about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard: Maybe just a couple of housekeeping items. Joe, any update on the timing of the U.S. approval for the 5D scanner? And then any color you can share with us as far as mandibular uptake in the U.S.?
Joseph Hogan: Brandon, on the 5D scanner, the FDA is the FDA, and we feel confident we'll get through here. Early part of next year would be the -- my best forecast in that sense. I could tell you, from a 5D standpoint, the uptick around the world has been good. The carries detection piece to be able to see cracks or deterioration in teeth has been terrific. And so it's really been a changing aspect to the clinical GP practice to be able to see carries in a way that you really can't see them without a near infrared technology. So we're actually really excited about that. And we're excited to get it into North America.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: Joe, I want to go back to China, just you did talk last quarter that you would lose that kind of teen tailwind as you go into the fourth quarter and next kind of normalizes that to some adult patients and all that. But it sounds like, as you've said on this call, you're starting to see some good traction with some of the sales force adds and other efforts in that area. So should we look at Q2 as kind of that 26% number that you brought up again this quarter from 2Q, is that kind of where our -- the baseline should be from here, and you think, at least going forward, somewhere in there or above, given some of these recent efforts?
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, obviously, we think we did well in the third quarter in China. Some of it was obviously the teen season. But actually, we had some pretty good adult growth, too. We're moving out of teen season there. As we talked about, the momentum going into the fourth quarter has been good there, too. As far as the baseline, Jeff, goes or whatever, hey, China is a growth market for us. We wouldn't be putting manufacturing in over there. We wouldn't be putting treatment planning, we wouldn't make the investments we're making, unless we feel that China is going to continue to be the second largest market that we're growing with. So I think that's the way you have to think about it going forward. What is it, Jeff?
Shirley Stacy: There you are. Hang on. Sorry, what did you say?
Jeffrey Johnson: I said Shirley has got a quick hook tonight. So thank you for keeping the on for a follow-up...
Shirley Stacy: Well, we're trying to get to as many analysts as we can, but go ahead.
Joseph Hogan: She's upset about that with [indiscernible]
Jeffrey Johnson: Well, as an Illinois fan, I won't comment on that. Joe, I do want to ask on the direct or kind of channel in the third quarter. Obviously, you've seen some states enact as your hurdles for some of those models and all that. I'm sure it's too early to see anything like that in your number or numbers. But I'd be interested, kind of what are you doing with your doctors to kind of try to combat some of that competition? Are you having any success in kind of helping these doctors understand where they need to be price point at? Is there other channel support you can provide? Just what are you doing to really kind of combat that direct-to-consumer angle?
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, first of all, when we think about things that you're talking about, having a doctor in the center of this thing, having an X-ray, you're moving teeth through bone, people think that -- I think majority of people or patients out there think that teeth just hang from gums. They don't actually understand that the teeth are boned in. And actually seeing what's going on in the bone is a pretty good indicator if you should go through orthodontic treatment or not.  But with that said, with the GPs, I talked about in previous caller is the iGo product really is the best platform that we have right now in the sense of how to really educate doctors to go after these patients. And what I'm hearing more and more from GPs is they're having more and more of a dialogue with their patients. Their patients are coming in, they're asking questions now. They're saying, "Hey, what does this mean? What can you do for me? What's your price point for being able to straighten my sixth anterior teeth?" And we are trying to give them as many tools as we possibly can as far as workflow tools, which we have with iTero and iGo, and then products that they can really have a lot of confidence in.  So I would say our initial push on that in United States has been improving significantly. You'll see it at the GP Summit, what we're rolling out and the kind of focus areas we have around that. But obviously, we'll have a very strong focus in that area, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson: A lot of my questions at this point have been taken. But I just wanted to know if you could comment on the rise in inventory in the quarter? It seems like it just ticked up a little bit quarter-over-quarter but sort of has been rising year-over-year. And I just wanted to know if that was -- if there was something in what you guys were doing or something else behind that?
John Morici: Elizabeth, this is John. Really nothing out of the ordinary. When we look at the inventory, it's primarily on the iTero side. And it's really how we manufacture and much more level loading from a manufacturing standpoint. And really the rise that you saw in the third quarter is really anticipation of the volume that we expect in the fourth quarter. So that's all it is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt O'Brien with Piper Jaffray.
Andrew Stafford: This is Drew on for Matt, and congrats on a nice quarter. I wanted to touch on consumer financing. I know you've talked about it a little bit in the past, and you're working through a third-party provider. Are you hearing any demand from customers asking for more options there? And would you have interest in expanding that program further?
John Morici: Yes, Drew, this is John. Of course, we want to do whatever we can to try to help turn those consumers into patients at a doctor. So financing is a piece of it. And we're working with companies, not just in the U.S. but other places as well, to try to remove some of that friction, give more options to those consumers, understand what the monthly payments are, how much down and so on. So there's a lot more that we can do there. We're making some progress, and you'll see new ways that we'll be coming to help, again, remove some of that friction for those consumers.
Andrew Stafford: Okay. And then just on the deal with Zimmer, maybe you could provide some thoughts on sort of why you chose them as a partner than maybe some of the geographies you'll be focusing on early on?
Joseph Hogan: Drew, it's Joe. On the Zimmer, we're really pleased to have them as partners. When you look at the history of that company from an implant standpoint, they're one of the leaders out there. They actually needed a digital front end, and that's what iTero really supply to them.  When you look at our product line in conjunction with that, when you look at modern kind of treatments like that, implantology, is there's often a lot of space creation that has to take place in the sense of if a tooth is out of a mouth for a period of time, your teeth start to move over to fill that space. And more and more dentists do not want to remove enamel to put that implant in. So using aligners to be able to separate those teeth and allow an implant to be able to be a lot less invasive than it would be if you didn't account for that spacing.  So overall, we're excited about it. I mean they're obviously strong all over the world. They complement us in so many places, including China. And so we're really excited about having a partnership, and we think we're starting off pretty well in the sense of the training and all that we reported.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Valiquette with Barclays Bank.
Steven Valiquette: So not to beat China to death here, but when you talked about some of the things you did to improve results over there, whether it was on the investments in the GP, dentist, sales force, sales program centered on Invisalign Go or even just the increased consumer marketing spend, I guess, I'm curious if any one of these variables really stood out as the driver of the improvement? Or was it a little bit of everything. And then also, do you have any sort of high-level data points just on cases per doc in China on an absolute basis or even sort of relative to the rest of Align overall?
Joseph Hogan: Steve, on the variables of improvement, unfortunately, we're a multi-variable equation when you get to aligners. Things are sold in binary here. But I think you do add a point to the two big ones, which would be just an increase in consumer focus and then the sales force that we put in place. That's -- our GP effort, we're just really moving into that, too, and we're arranging that properly also. But those efforts, we think, are contributing also. But I'd say it's a mix of those 3 variables. I can't weigh them for you, really.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. What about the cases per doc in China? Any color on that?
Joseph Hogan: No, we don't want to give any color on that one. Right now, it's just -- I'd say you have to look at it as we're driving penetration there, and we're training a lot of doctors as we ramp up in China.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Rich with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Just two quick ones here. First, on ASPs. I think guidance would put you at something like $1,250 for the year. Do you think you can kind of maintain that level of ASP going forward? And can you kind of just talk through what kind of the key factors would be as we think about ASPs going forward? And then just a very quick follow-up. John, just wondering if there was any catch-up benefit to cases in the quarter, kind of post that ClinCheck disruption that you highlighted in 2Q.
John Morici: Well, I'll start with that one first because there was really no catch up or no benefit from that. As we had said in the second quarter call, it's really de minimis. There wasn't much of an effect that hit -- that affected the quarter. So there really wasn't an impact in the third quarter.  In terms of ASPs, there's going to be puts and takes. And we've talked a number of times about what those puts and takes are. As we grow in comprehensive, like we had a strong comprehensive quarter in the third quarter, ASPs are higher, growing internationally, generally at a higher ASP.  But then you also have significant growth in the low stage, and that can affect the mix as well. So what we've said all year, and as we look at things, we thought it would be relatively consistent. The puts and takes would kind of offset. Notwithstanding any FX changes, we thought the puts and takes would offset. And we saw that in the third quarter and we are guiding that in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America.
Michael Ryskin: I'll try to be brief. First, just one quick follow-on on the ASP. Obviously, really nice improvement in the third quarter. I was wondering if you've got any -- I realize it doesn't show up in the numbers, but maybe you've got some qualitative pushback or feedback from docs on the price increase, sort of what was the response there? Because this was the biggest quarter-over-quarter move in quite some time. And also maybe if you saw some divergence in results from some of your highest utilization docs that are getting the advantaged discounts that can absorb it versus some of the lower-tier docs that are paying more close to the full price and, therefore, maybe weighing some of the other doctor-directed options?
Joseph Hogan: Michael, it's Joe. On the ASP piece, obviously, we raised price. John talked about it, some of the exchange aspect, whatever. But I think one thing I want the analysts who follow us to remember, like we said before, ASPs will fluctuate. But sometimes, our ASP is going down meaning our gross margins go up. Our lower-end products actually have a higher gross margin than our comprehensive product line. I know it's counterintuitive, but that's actually how it works.  So I mean, I think, keep that in mind going forward. If you see some of that lumpiness from an ASP standpoint start heading down, don't take as a trajectory for lower gross margin. It's just those 2 are separate that way. And John, do you want to add anything on your end?
John Morici: And so like we said, you're going to have some offsets, but we're trying to grow from a -- all the way from low stage, the more simple cases, all the way to the complicated cases. And we believe in those traditional orthodontic case starts that we have product that can help move teeth, but the market expansion and some of that market expansion is going to be at those lower-stage products that are at a lower ASP, but we look at that as incremental business for us.
Michael Ryskin: And on the -- quick follow-up on the EMEA headquarters move you mentioned in your prepared remarks, you're expecting some turnover in personnel. Any expectation for disruption to the business in early 2020, sort of how are you bracing for that? How are you preparing and just to make sure that it's a smooth transition going into January next year?
Joseph Hogan: Yes, it's Joe again. Look, what we did in EMEA, which was fortuitous in a sense, about 3 years ago, we began to decentralize. We had a really big headquarters staff out of the Netherlands. It dictated a lot of what the regions did and had to do that because it's a relatively small business back then, and we needed to keep specialization at headquarters.  Over the last three years, we really moved that out into the countries, moved it into France and Spain and Germany and different areas. And so we really embedded in those countries some real talent that I feel has good continuity will take them through. Now there's some overall headquarters talent that we don't want to lose that we're working hard to save, but I don't see it being a big, big disruptor for the business at all.
John Morici: And this has been something that -- Mike, this has been going on all year. We have a complete transition plan, very clear as to who's moving and how things are happening so that come January 1, it's very clear. So it's something that, as we've talked about on these calls since the beginning of the year, we've talked about this move and we feel really good about the plan that we have now and be able to hit the ground running in 2020.
Shirley Stacy: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences and, of course, at the GP Summit in November. If you have any follow-on questions, please contact Madeline Homick in Investor Relations.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Align Technology Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I would now turn the conference over to your host Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Communications. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Joining me today for todays call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued second quarter 2019 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is also being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on August 7. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13691835 followed by #. International callers should dial 201-612-7415, with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the third quarter of 2019. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our second quarter 2019 conference call slides on our website, under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the second quarter and briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, Clear aligners and scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results, discuss our outlook for the third quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open-up the call to questions. Our second quarter revenues were at the high-end of our guidance reflecting Invisalign volume growth primarily from international doctors as well as very strong sales from iTero Scanner and Services. Q2 Invisalign volumes were 24.6% year-over-year compared to 30.5% year-over-year in second quarter 2018 reflecting continued adoption from teenage and younger patients as well as increased utilization and expansion of our customer base with total over 60,000 active doctors worldwide. From a product perspective, we had good growth across the Invisalign portfolio with non-comprehensive products outpacing comprehensive led by Invisalign Go globally. Total Invisalign case shipments for Q2 were lower than expected, primarily due to softness in China related to a tougher consumer environment and slower growth in young adult cases in North America. Now let's turn to the specifics around our second quarter results starting with the Americas Regions. The Americas region Q2 Invisalign case volumes was up 4.2% sequentially, 16.5% year-over-year compared to 22% year-over-year in Q2 2018 reflecting growth both in the Orthodontist and GP channels as well as continued strength from teenage patients in Invisalign Go. In Q2 we trained approximately 3,000 new Invisalign doctors in the Americas region of which more than half were the North American doctors. On a sequential basis, Q2 Invisalign volume growth reflects increased utilization for the Americas region overall driven by North American Orthos at 18.9 cases per doctor, with continued adoption of Invisalign with Mandibular Advancement and Invisalign First used to treat patients as young as six years old. We also had solid performance from GP Dentists with continued momentum from Invisalign Lite and Invisalign Go. Invisalign Go is uniquely designed for GPs and features a digital chairside experience using the iTero Intraoral Scanner and streamlined tooth movement capabilities. It's a really great product and we're very pleased with its performance including with our DSO partners who are using it to help their providers introduce Invisalign treatment into practice. Invisalign Go integrates well with the DSO model, which remains a very important part of our overall business as we continue to see DSO growth rates outpacing the non-DSO doctors significantly. Year-over-year Q2, Invisalign volume growth in the Americans region was driven  continued to strengthen the Ortho channel with 19.7% growth, compared to 25% year-over-year as well as increase of 11.6% from the GP channel. In Q2 we saw adult case growth from North American orthodontists reflecting a more crowded competitive environment, especially for young adults in the 20 to 29 year old demographic who really value convenience and costs. We know there's about a 10% overlap with our adult demographic with SDC. If you have an increased awareness for the direct-to-consumer clear aligners and heavy advertising spend from DTC players case starts may be shifting away from traditional practices. We also believe that doctors are sampling alternative products and are taking advantage of wires and bracket bundles that essentially gave clear aligners away for free or at very low prices. These competitive dynamics are not surprising and were validated during our recent customer visits. Nonetheless, they appear to be working themselves out in the first few weeks of Q3. We've seen improving trends in North America. In July, our executive team and I spent a week meeting with over 200 orthodontists in four major U.S. cities Fort Lauderdale, Dallas, Denver, and LA, and did not hear anything that gave me pause about a competitive performance standpoint. That's not to say that we didn't get feedback about how to make things better, especially around to help doctors to compete more effectively against DTC offerings. But doctors consistently told us that the Invisalign system is the best product, there is hands down technically and clinically. Given the changing DTC landscape, we're focused on further differentiation and Invisalign treatment for both consumers and doctors. In Q3, we're increasing investment in consumer demand with a new advertising campaign for North America and expanding marketing programs such as our concierge service, which connects potential patients with Invisalign doctors increasing conversion and stickiness. In addition, we're launching new sales tools and professional marketing materials. We'll also expect to see increased productivity from the 100 plus sales representatives we added in Q1. We'll also look for opportunities to leverage the Invisalign product portfolio, the doctors to treat patients as needed and compete with DTC offerings. Expanding on products like Invisalign Go and Lite will help close the gaps many doctors see with DTC patients who are looking for price and convenience. Finally, in Latin America, we continue to make great progress led by Brazil in developing the emerging clear aligner segment in the world's leading market for beauty and cosmetic procedures. In Q2, Invisalign volume in Latin America was up significantly year-over-year reflecting our ongoing investments as we continue to build our business in the region. Training approximately 1,300 Invisalign doctors during the quarter. For our international business, Q2 was a good quarter with strong Invisalign volume growth of 36.7% year-over-year reflecting increased Invisalign utilization and continued expansion of our customer base in both EMEA and the Asia Pacific region. On a sequential basis, international volume was up nicely reflecting growth in both EMEA and Asia Pacific regions. In Q2, we trained approximately 3,500 new Invisalign doctors internationally, over half of which were in the Asia Pacific region. In EMEA, Q2 was another strong quarter with volumes up 39.0% year-over-year driven by growth across the region with record Invisalign volumes in all but one country market led by Iberia. We saw strength across the Invisalign product portfolio with continued momentum from Invisalign Go. We also continue to see strong growth across our key expansion markets as well, led by Central and Eastern Europe. APAC Q2 Invisalign volume increased 33.1% year-over-year, reflecting continued growth from nearly all country markets led by China, Japan and ANZA. We also had strong growth from GP dentists, which were up 52.4% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Q2 Invisalign volume for APAC was up nicely led by Japan, Southeast Asia, Hong Kong and Taiwan. We also had a uptick in adult patients in Q2, following a very strong quarter for teen cases in Q1 in conjunction with a teenage promotion to help drive trial and adoption in the very important teen segment. During Q2, we trained over 1,900 new doctors in APAC, over 40% were in China. Notwithstanding current consumer sentiment, we remain confident in the long-term opportunity in China and will continue to invest in our manufacturing operations and training centers to ensure that we operate like a local company and have the capabilities to expand and scale our business as the environment improves. We are also focusing on what we can influence directly to help mitigate consumer sentiment in China. We are expanding our reach and scope in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities across China, including investment in a GP dentist sales force and sales programs centered on Invisalign Go. In the last year since the launch of Invisalign Go in APAC, we have learned that doctors benefit from a differentiated approach in training and support and will align our resources accordingly. Were also increasing consumer marketing spend in APAC including new advertising like our Doctor Centered ad that is launching in North America next week. Finally, in the second half of this year, we expect to have dozens of Invisalign pop-up centers in China to ensure we educate consumers and connect more with Invisalign doctors. Outside of China, we have strong growth across APAC including Japan, ANZA, Hong Kong, Taiwan. We will continue to drive adoption and utilization by investing through sales & marketing programs, and clinical education with new training centers like the one we just announced in Taiwan. Through this center, we have also launched the first integrated postgraduate Invisalign training program in Asia with National Taiwan University Hospital.  Clinical education and peer-to-peer learning is one of the most impactful ways we help drive adoption of Invisalign treatment. During Q2, we engaged directly with thousands of Invisalign trained doctors around the world providing them with the ability to learn from clinical experts and practice development leaders, and share their experience and insights with each other. In April we held the 2019 Invisalign China Forum, in Xian, attracting over 1,300 industry practitioners and gathering together over 40 experienced orthodontists from all over the country. During the two-day forum, participants held in-depth discussions on frontier topics such as adolescent orthodontics, extraction in orthodontic treatment and digital dentistry. In May, 300 high volume orthodontists from 37 countries across the Americas, EMEA and APAC participated in the inaugural edition of the Invisalign Symposium on the Digital Practice in London. The two-day doctor event featured specially designed sessions, combining plenary interaction and small group of working sessions, covering such topics such as: understanding consumers, practice optimization, challenges of building a digital practice, among others. I was able to address specifically on the digital practice and driving the evolution of digital orthodontics with supporting talks on digital transformation and healthcare and the power of digital treatment planning along with practice optimization with ADAPT. ADAPT is Aligns consultative program to provide practices with personalized support to help doctors and staff navigate the journey from a braces model to an aligner model in a timely, efficient, and profitable manner. Emphasis is on digital workflow, finances, and consumer acquisition and early results from test sites in the Americas, EMEA and APAC show significant improvements in conversion, revenue growth, practice profits, and other key metrics as practices shift to a digital model and increase their Invisalign share of chair. In June, we hosted the first Invisalign Scientific Symposium in EMEA, located in Valencia, Spain. The Scientific Symposium focused on evidence based success cases for Invisalign treatment in growing patients with dedicated focus on treatments with Invisalign First and Mandibular Advancement Feature, bringing together nearly 200 of EMEAs most experienced Invisalign doctors. In July more than 175 general dentists from all across Europe attended the second annual Invisalign GP Growth Summit in Berlin focused on peer-to-peer learning and emerging industry trends.  We also just hosted our first Invisalign Teen Summit with about 300 doctors and staff in Los Angeles. The Summit program was focused completely on teen treatment and teen culture, and included a tie-in to VidCon, the top teen culture and community event where Align has a multi-year relationship and strong brand presence. Teen Summit is designed to turn low-teen submitters into high-teen submitters by combining Invisalign specific clinical and practice how tos with an immersive teen culture experience, social media support and training, and insights from teen influencers Speaking of teens, in Q2 over 100,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 32.2% year-over-year driven by continued strong adoption across all major regions. For Q2, year-over-year Invisalign teen patient growth for North Americas Orthodontists increased 25.0% and International doctors were up 44.4%. Invisalign First and Invisalign treatment with Mandibular Advancement continue to ramp globally and are helping to increase our share of teenagers and younger patients worldwide. Overall, were very pleased to see that use of Invisalign treatment among teenagers continues to outpace adults and that Invisalign First is driving really strong growth in the kid/tween segment. In fact we reached our 7 millionth Invisalign patient during the quarter, a child in the U.S. being treated with Invisalign First. Since the launch of Invisalign First a year ago, kids under 10 years old have become our fastest growing demographic, up 140% year over year, which also bodes well for continued adoption of teens too. Our consumer marketing efforts are designed to build the category and drive demand for Invisalign treatment through a doctors office. We invest over $120 million each year in consumer marketing programs including TV, digital and social media, PR, event marketing and our Patient Concierge service. Our goals are to make the Invisalign brand a household name worldwide and to motivate consumers to seek Invisalign treatment through a doctors office. In Q2, we continued to see strong digital engagement with consumers  reaching nearly 4.3 million unique visitors on Invisalign.com sites worldwide for a total of 57.5 million visitors to date. Our other key metrics show increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand and are included in our Q2 quarterly slides. During the quarter we developed a new consumer advertising campaign for our three largest markets, the U.S., Canada and China. This new multi-channel campaign, which launches across North America this Monday, educates consumers on the significant benefits of Invisalign treatment, highlighting our patented SmartTrack technology based on years of research which moves teeth more predictably and comfortably combined with the personalized care of a doctor. We are more than doubling our media investment behind this new multichannel campaign to extend our reach across adults and parents of teens, increasing our reach/frequency from 50% to over 70%, in order to capture even more of our target audiences. In the U.S. our new campaign will run across all media channels including broadcast and TV networks, connected TV such as Hulu and other streaming services, digital media and all social media channels. In Canada, our new ad will go live on digital channels first and then we will layer in TV in the coming weeks. And China will follow suit in the second half. Q2 was another outstanding quarter for our iTero scanner and services business, with revenues up 82.4% year-over-year, reflecting continued strength across all regions and customer channels, including large account DSOs. On a sequential basis, revenues were up 30.4% sequentially, reflecting higher scanner sales following a seasonally weaker Q1, especially in North America and Asia Pacific. Increased services revenues reflect higher subscriptions from installed base growth and multi-year deals. During the quarter we saw continued adoption of the iTero Element 5D imaging system in EMEA, APAC and Canada, since its commercial launch at IDS in the first quarter of this year. Cumulatively, over 13.7 million orthodontic scans and 3.6 million restorative scans have started with iTero scanners. Use of the iTero scanners for Invisalign case submission continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q2, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to 77.3% from 69.6% in Q2 last year. International scans increased to 60.8% up from 47.8% in the same quarter last year. Within the Americas, 92.3% of cases submitted by North American Orthos were submitted digitally. We continue to expand the iTero portfolio to address doctors needs and enable them to more easily adopt Invisalign treatment in their practices. In June, we announced the iTero Element Foundation, extending the portfolio to offer dentists digital workflow capabilities to address their restorative and patient monitoring intraoral scanning needs.  The streamlined workflows to dental laboratories includes an option for on-demand chairside milling and exclusive TimeLapse technology for patient communication and monitoring with the iTero Element Foundation, which provides dentists with capabilities beyond basic STL export scanners. Software upgrade pathways are also available for Invisalign clear aligners. The iTero scanner and services business has become an integral part of our business and is key to our end-to-end digital workflow. We believe that every exam should begin with an iTero digital scan because it's a better experience, it improves treatment outcomes and it provides doctor with a chairside tool that enables patients to visualize their future smiles at chairside in less than a minute without any goop  which increases treatment acceptance and drives practice growth. Before I turn the call over to John, I want to mention the decision to terminate discussions regarding the possible development and distribution agreement that was disclosed as part of the patent settlement agreement with Straumann. As part of this settlement, Align and Straumann signed a non-binding letter of intent to assess the possibility of a five-year global development and distribution agreement whereby Straumann would distribute 5,000 iTero Element scanners. Additionally, we considered exploring the possibility of offering existing iTero users access to Straumanns prosthetic and surgical planning workflows. In June, after months of deliberations, we announced the decision to terminate these discussions, and as a result, we received an additional $16 million from Straumann for a total of $51 million settlement. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks Joe. Now for our Q2 financial results, total revenue for the second quarter was $600.7 million, up 9.4% from the prior quarter and up 22.5% from the corresponding quarter a year-ago. Year-over-year revenue growth includes approximately $19 million or 4 points of unfavorable foreign exchange. For Clear aligners, Q2 revenue of $496.7 million was flat sequentially due to Invisalign volume growth in most geographies, partially offset by lower Invisalign ASPs and lower SDC volume. Year-over-year clear aligner revenue growth of 14.6% reflects strong Invisalign shipment growth across all customer channels and geographies, partially offset by lower ASPs. On June 1, we had a minor issue with a standard software release that impacted some ClinCheck modifications. It was addressed and communicated to customers quickly. However, it required some Invisalign doctors to re-review their treatment plans. This disrupted the workflow for many doctors, which was compounded by an increase in call volumes into our Treat Operations and Customer Care center that degraded service levels and customer experience. While its impossible to quantify, on the margin it probably didnt help the quarter. Q2 Invisalign ASPs were down sequentially by approximately $15, to $1,230 primarily due to unfavorable foreign exchange and discounts. On a year-over-year basis, Q2 Invisalign ASPs were down $85 primarily reflecting promotional discounts, unfavorable foreign exchange, higher deferrals related to additional aligners and product mix shift, partially offset by price increases. Total Q2 Invisalign shipments of 377.1 thousand cases were up 8% sequentially and up 24.6% year-over-year. For Americas Orthodontists, Q2 Invisalign case volume was up 3.7% sequentially and up 19.7% year-over-year. For Americas GP Dentists, Invisalign case volume was up 4.9% sequentially and up 11.6% year-over-year. For International doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 13.4% sequentially and up 36.7% year-over-year. Our Scanner and Services revenue for the second quarter was $104 million, up 30.4% sequentially reflecting growth across all regions and channels including DSOs, partially offset by lower ASP. Year-over-year revenue was up 82.4%, primarily due to higher scanner units across regions and related service revenues, partially offset by lower ASP. Moving on to gross margin. Second quarter overall gross margin was 72%, down 1.2 points sequentially and down 2.6 points year-over-year. Gross margin was impacted by approximately 1 point year-over-year due to unfavorable foreign exchange. Clear aligner gross margin for the second quarter was 73.7%, down 1.2 points sequentially primarily due to costs from seasonally higher doctor training and freight. Clear aligner gross margin was down 2.8 points year-over-year, primarily due to increased aligners per case and lower ASPs, as just described. Scanner gross margin for the second quarter was 63.6%, flat sequentially and up 4 points year-over-year primarily due to increased manufacturing efficiencies, partially offset by lower ASP driven by mix. Q2 operating expenses were $255.8 million, down sequentially 18.6% and up 5.3% year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating expenses reflects a benefit of $51 million related to the Straumann litigation settlement, partially offset by our continued investment in sales and R&D activities. Additionally, Q1 operating expenses included $29.8 million related to Invisalign store closure costs. On a year-over-year basis, operating expense increased due to sales and R&D activities and was partially offset by the Straumann settlement. Second quarter operating expense included a $51 million benefit from the Straumann litigation settlement, which increased Q2 operating margin by approximately 8 points and diluted earnings per share by $0.57, respectively. This settlement was higher than anticipated in our Q2 guidance because it included an additional $16 million benefit from the termination of development and distribution agreement, along with $5 million that we would have incurred for development. Our second quarter operating income was $176.5 million, up 101.2% sequentially and up 43.8% year-over-year. Our second quarter operating margin was 29.4%, up 13.4 points sequentially and up 4.4 points year-over-year. The sequential increases in both operating income and operating margin are primarily attributed to the $51 million benefit related to the Straumann settlement recorded in the second quarter and the Invisalign store closure costs recorded in Q1 2019. On a year-over-year basis, the increases in operating income and operating margin primarily reflect the benefit from the Straumann settlement partially offset by lower gross margin and continued investments in sales and R&D. Interest, other income and expense of $17.4 million includes the $15.8 million gain that is related to our sale of our equity investment in SmileDirectClub during the second quarter. With regards to second quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 22.2% which includes approximately $10 million of tax expense related to gains from the Straumann settlement and the sale of the SDC equity investment. Second quarter diluted earnings per share was $1.83, up $0.94 sequentially and up $0.53 compared to the prior year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of June 30, 2019, cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, including both short and long-term investments were $765.9 million, an increase of $33.4 million from the prior quarter which is primarily due to higher cash flow from operations, partially offset by $49.5 million used to repurchase approximately 161,000 shares of our stock. Of our $765.9 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $582.4 million was held in the U.S. and $183.5 million was held by our International entities. Q2 accounts receivable balance was $520.1 million, up approximately 8.5% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding, DSO was 77 days, down one day sequentially and up nine days from Q2 last year. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $177.4 million, up $37.6 million compared to the prior year. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were $45.3 million, primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner capacity and facilities. Free cash flow for the second quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $132 million. During Q2 2019, we purchased on the open market approximately 161,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $307.48 per share, including commission for an aggregate purchase price of $49.5 million. We have $400.5 million remaining available for repurchase under the May 2018 repurchase program. With that, lets turn to our Q3 outlook and the factors that inform our view. Starting with the demand outlook. As we exited Q2 and now into the first weeks of Q3, we are seeing improving volume trends. For International, we expect Q3 volumes to be down sequentially reflecting a seasonally slower period for EMEA, partially offset by a seasonally stronger period for the APAC regions.  However, given the uncertainty in China, we are reflecting a more cautious outlook for APAC growth. For the Americas, we expect Q3 volumes to be up sequentially reflecting growth across all key country markets, as well as a seasonally stronger period for North America. Orthodontists with the peak of the summer teen season, along with increased media spend and the launch of our new customer advertising campaign as Joe described earlier. As we typically see, we expect overall Invisalign volume to be flat to slightly up from Q2. We expect our iTero business to be down sequentially coming off another very strong quarter and record growth in Q2. Year-over-year, the iTero business continues to grow across all regions. And, regarding Smile Direct Club, we expect no clear aligner volume from SDC in Q3. With this as a backdrop, we expect the third quarter to shape up as follows: Invisalign case volume is expected to be in the range of 370,000 to 380,000 cases, up approximately 16% to 19% year-over-year, on a tough comp from Q3 last year which had record shipments that benefitted from the teen and adult promotions by approximately 2% higher growth rate. We expect Q3 revenue to be in the range of $585 million to $600 million, up approximately 16% to 19% year-over-year. Our Q3 revenue outlook assumes no Smile Direct Club volume compared to the same quarter a year ago where aligners supplied to SDC contributed about $8 million to revenue. In addition as just mentioned, in Q3 2018 we had higher Invisalign volumes due to the promos, but lower ASPs. We expect Q3 gross margin to be in the range of 71.9% to 72.5%. Q3 gross margin is up slightly compared to Q2 as we expect improvement due to price increases and manufacturing productivity. We expect Q3 operating expenses to be in the range of $305 million to $312 million. Our Q3 operating expenses are expected to be significantly higher sequentially as a result of the benefit of $51 million Straumann settlement in Q2 which reduced operating expenses. We are very pleased with the settlement and are putting the funds to work by stepping up our investment in consumer advertising with a brand new campaign and stepping up our reach and coverage. The new ads focus on the significant technical and clinical advantages of our Invisalign system and differentiates our doctor centered model for consumers. It will launch next week in North America and soon after in China. These ads will carry on throughout the second half of 2019. Q3 operating margin should be in the range of 19.8% to 20.5%. Our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 24%. Diluted shares outstanding is expected to be approximately 80.6 million, exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q3 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.09 to $1.16. In addition, we expect to repurchase at least $100 million of our stock in the open market in Q3. As we continue our operational expansion efforts, we expect capital expenditures for Q3 to be approximately $50 million to $55 million, and we expect depreciation and amortization to be $24 million to $26 million. Given our Q3 outlook, I want to make a few comments on our full year. Based on the current growth rates in our business to-date and our planned investments for the remainder of the year, we now anticipate 2019 total revenue growth rate to be at the low end of our long-term operating model target of 20% to 30%. We also expect Invisalign revenue and volume growth to be at the low end of our long-term operating model target. We anticipate operating margin to be below the low end of our long-term model at approximately 22%, which reflect the impact from increased legal fees and the planned corporate structure reorganization, as well as increased investment in consumer marketing, Invisalign store closure costs, partially offset by the benefit from the Straumann settlement. Now Ill turn the call back to Joe for closing comments.
Joe Hogan: Thanks John and thanks for joining our call today. Before we close I want to comment on a few things that I think are important to remember given our lower than expected Invisalign volumes this quarter and a more cautious outlook for China in Q3. First, our fundamentals are squarely in place and our outlook for the reminder of the year is clearly within our long term model  on top of a record 35% last year. We dont believe the second and third quarter, in anyway, reflects our full potential. Our product technology, operational scale and consumer brand awareness are all significant advantages  in a huge market that we are addressing with only 10% share today. The opportunity to bring better smiles to millions is not a zero sum game and we are working hard to ensure that we continue to gain share. So while we acknowledge competition, we also embrace it because it drives our own innovation, which is ultimately great for the millions of global patients who have yet to reap the benefits of this. Finally, before I open the call up for questions, I want to take a minute to congratulate Simon Beard, who has taken on a new role as Senior VP for the Americas. I also want welcome Markus Sebastian to our executive management team as the new Senior VP of EMEA. As many of you know, Simon was responsible for the market development and operational execution of all products and services in the EMEA region since 2014. Under Simons leadership, the EMEA region has consistently grown more than 30% compound annual growth rate with strong performance across the entire region and customer base. His knowledge of the market and ability to drive strategic programs and initiatives across the region have delivered exceptional results and make him the ideal leader for the Americas region. Markus joined Align a year ago and has been responsible for Aligns core Europe commercial organizations focused on the orthodontic channel. He has also served as interim GM of Germany and France country markets. Markus is an experienced leader and general manager with a proven track record in global commercial operations and sales, strategic marketing, product development, and change management processes. His deep understanding of the healthcare markets in EMEA, Asia-Pacific, and the U.S. are an asset to Align. We are very glad to have Markus assume responsibility for the EMEA region. With that, I want to thank you again for joining our call. I look forward to seeing many of you at upcoming financial conferences and meetings, including the Invisalign GP Summit in November in Las Vegas, where we will also host an analyst meeting. Stay tuned for more information. With that, Ill turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Erin Wright from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Erin Wright: Thanks. Can you parse out some of the components of this sequentially, slower growth in America is where maybe there were pockets of stronger growth that you could at least call out that were obviously offset by some of those competitive dynamics that you were speaking to. And how should we be thinking about the quarterly progression there? And also where are you seeing most of the competitions coming from? Is it mostly DTC or is it some of component of the GP offerings as well? And how do you expect that to progress? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Erin. First of all, when you look at the Americas, this is split up  as the America side includes Latin America and Brazil, which is growing over 100%. There's terrific growth down there. So our focus is mainly when we talk about a little bit of a slow down, it's been in the North American marketplace in the U.S. and Canada. When you talk about segments that have done well is what I read in my script too is when you look at teens or we call them tweens between seven and 10, they're up 140% year-on-year in the Americas. It's our fastest growing group and that reflects the technology that we've put in place around Invisalign First, which is made for dental expansion in that age of patient and also our Mandibular Advancement product also that I think you know about too. So that's been a terrific segment for us. Our adult segment too has been strong. It's that 20 to 29 year old that we saw some amount of slow down over time. But when you get into the older classifications, we're still seeing really good strong growth in those areas. So I feel well about our portfolio that I talked about in my script, which is iGo and also our Lite product, can address that segment of 20 to 29 that we think is looking for a price point and also some convenience. We're sure that we can offer through our ortho channels and also our GP channels too.  On the competition in general is how I framed your second part of your question, when you think about DTC versus I would interpret that as just standard competition. It's really hard to say exactly how to break this up. But in general, we feel that when you look at that specific consumer segment, it's more of a DTC segment. It's not necessarily a traditional segment that they would be appealing to. So in general, I feel good about our positioning. I think our position with orthos and GPs continues to be strong. I mean, you look at our most  it was great to be in this field. We were in Asia last week. We were also in North America that I mentioned, the previous week. And we've been involved with a lot of customers. And just what I said in my script, I mean there's  we know that things are being trot out there from consumer standpoint. We feel so good about the feedback we get about the clinical capabilities of Invisalign, the consistency of it. It's interaction with iTero, which is it's really a master in the marketplace. And then all of them reaching out to say how they want to compete against that DTC segment, we're the only company that can really join hands with them and help them to compete in that area.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Erin. Next question please.
Erin Wright: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Great guys. I'm going to try to ask too, an awesome one at a time. So the first long-term guidance is 20% to 30% rev guide, but the guide for next quarter is 17% at the midpoint, it looks like high teens, Joe for the back half of 2019. I know you had some commentary, but I guess the real question is one or two quarters don't make a trend, but how do we put sort of that high teens 2H year-over-year growth guide versus the long-term of 20% to 30% and what would drive the reacceleration and then I'll ask hopefully a tighter follow-up. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Yes, hey Jon. General from a teen standpoint, you know what our product portfolio is and how well it competes in that sense. When we talk about the slow down right now  the part of it is  a huge part of it is China and China obviously is a big teen season as we roll into China now. And we're confident we'll be able to perform in that marketplace too, Jon. And there's still demand there. There's just  after what we saw in the second quarter, we have some basic uncertainty there and that's reflected in what  and what our guidance is. But it certainly doesn't decrease our confidence in the sense of our portfolio, our positioning and the movements that we're making in the Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities that I mentioned in my script. It's a really important part of us expanding in that geography and just giving us more mass in the sense of being exposed to broader patients across that area. So overall, I feel good about that.
Jon Block: Okay. And then just the follow-up there, can you just expand a little bit on the competitive dynamics? You said things seem to work itself out in early 3Q. So what was that Joe? Was that commentary specific more to the traditional ortho channel or there might have been some trialing and then they said, hey, we don't have a comparable product or maybe we could just split what those comments were specific to?
Joe Hogan: Well, they're specific  they're specific in North America in the ortho channel that you mentioned, Jon. And we see in the first basic 24 days in July, we're seeing a significant uptick in that part of the marketplace. So we say work that out. It just  it just seems that we've had doctors tell us they've tried these products, they haven't been satisfied with the software or the results that they've had to-date or whatever. And then we see an inflection point from a growth standpoint as we move into July being not significant. Secondly is when we look at Asia in the July orders also including China, we've seen an uptick in China also. So just in general, Im talking about, and we're talking about as a team is from a volume standpoint, we've seen an increase in that sense. It gives us confidence that those things are working themselves out.
Jon Block: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo from Guggenheim Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Glen Santangelo: No worries. Joe, I just want to talk to you about  and clearly the competitive landscape seems like its getting worse, but yet you raised your prices on July 1. I mean, are you seeing any price sensitivity in the market? And then when you think about the competitive landscape, put the DTC channel aside for a second. But when you think about the traditional players that are also now selling into the GP in the ortho market, are you seeing any sort of price sensitivity from your customer base at all?
Joe Hogan: Hey, Glen, I start to say, our markets always been price sensitive. And when you look at our portfolio in the sense of how we put things together with our comprehensive product and then our Lite products, products like E5 and E7, the iGo that I talked about too, these have all been positioned to hit a certain price point, not just for doctors, but for doctors with their patients too. When you talk about competition increasing or whatever, again, it's out there, the traditional players that we know about. I'll talk about the DTC channel in a second. But in general what we find is there's no scale yet. There's no scale on the software side. There's no scale on the supply side. There's a ways to go. There's no challenge in the teen segment results, , it's primarily simple cases on the adult side. And so it's not that we don't take it seriously, it's just that we feel that we have really strong sales force. The iTero integration with our product line is so strong in that way. It makes it easier for doctors to work with us and to work with patients also. Our operations are unmatched in the sense of  now we produce half a million to 600,000 aligners a day. It's not easy to do those things.  So overall as the landscape changing, sure it is. I mean, our key patents ran off at the end of 2017 as you know, we're in the 2019. And we're seeing competition slowly ramp up, but we're not saying that it's been material this quarter. We're just recognizing that it's been out there. On the DTC channel price again, I'll go back to our portfolio, the products like Lite, products like iGo, our simpler products like E7 specifically, those are designed for simple cases. Basically that's what DTC does. They do social six, lower crowding, things that are orthodontically simple. These products have been aligned for that too. Our job to get those products in our doctor's hands and to get in front of the patients and show them what an opportunity is to work with a doctor and its product line to getting the kind of outcomes that they expect. And also they give them a chance to be able to work with the doctor, hand-in-hand if they don't like the treatment at some point in time, they can continue to progress with that doctor to make it better too.
Glen Santangelo: Okay. I appreciate those comments. Anything regarding ASP, slight downtick sequentially, was it mix, was it discounting or any anything you can add on that front? 
Joe Hogan: For primarily it was exchange, right. And that's what we're leaning into. John, you can
John Morici: Yes, I mean, its  like you said, Glen, its down about $15, $10 of that was exchanged and then the rest of it was mix so nothing material from the previous quarter.
Glen Santangelo: Thank you very much.
Joe Hogan: Youre welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good afternoon. Joe, just starting in the Americas region, why do you think the DT channel  the DTC channel was having a negative impact now, you kind of talked about that perhaps having a positive halo effect. And then could you speak to the productivity of the 100 new reps that you've hired and whether or not those are ramping in line with your expectations or not?
Joe Hogan: Yes, hey, Brandon. First of all, on the DTC piece is, I think it's  there's light and dark in that, right. I do feel that Smile Direct Club and Candid, they've raised the category for awareness significantly. And we hear throughout our doctor base, whether the orthodontic side or GP side, the patients come in asking about clear aligners much more than they have before. So it forces that conversation that gives them an opportunity to engage at a level that I feel is just our advertising alone, it would have never gotten to that level. So that's a positive side. The negative side is it's  there's some price competition, that segment offers $2,000 or less kind of a case for simple case and it's pushed some of the doctor office models and it's pushed our portfolio too. What we're saying is we've always know there's a 10% overlap and educating our customers, having customers be able to, which is our doctors, having this customers be able to use an iTero scanner to help to communicate and visualize exactly what the treatment plan would be. Giving patients some off ramp in the sense that they have issues during the treatment time that they can be addressed by a doctor directly, all those things are things that we just have to make sure we take better advantage of with our doctors and the channels that we work with in order to take advantage of that increased interest that we see out there. From a new rep standpoint. It was second part of your question, Brandon. We put roughly 100 in North America last year. We watched these statistics. I do, really closely and it's amazing to watch the productivity, what happens. It's like clockwork. It takes nine months. We're certain before they're really up to speed and you can see the productivity versus what our normal territory managers would have. And as we move into the third quarter, right now, I'm looking at those statistics. We see they're almost, we call it, breadth and reach. And the number of accounts they're calling on and the depth of those accounts are almost equal today. So as we go into the second half of this year, we're really confident about higher productivity with these reps and combine that with our new consumer ad campaign and the breadth of that consumer ad campaign that John talked about. We think will help to drive that demand and with the concierge service increase also, which is significant, will allow us to be able to take advantage of that demand in a way we really couldn't in the past without  with those resources.
Brandon Couillard: Okay. Thanks for the follow-up. John, could you help us reconcile some of the components of the higher OpEx outlook or the reduced operating margin outlook for the second half. And is the legal and corporate reorganization spend still 150 to 200 basis points in terms of headwind for the year now? Is there any reason that extends perhaps into 2020?
John Morici: No, Brandon. Its the one and a half to two points of expenses that's for the full year for that legal and reorganization. And we dont expect that to continue into next year.
Brandon Couillard: Okay.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Brandon. Next question?
John Morici: Thanks Brandon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ravi Misra from Berenberg Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Ravi Misra: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Just two quick ones, number one, I think you had said on the last call the gross margin profile at the end of the year, you'd still be kind of towards the low end of that 73% to 78% range. Is that still the case? And then secondly, just a little bit more detail if I may ask for on the dynamics in your North American business. Just curious, are you seeing the detailing more on your lower volume GPs or orthos or who is really feeling the most competitive pressure in terms of your customer base? Thanks.
John Morici: On your first question, Ravi, on the gross margin improvement, we still expect to see sequential improvement. So we've guided up from Q2 for gross margin in the third quarter and we expect that improvement to continue into the fourth quarter.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Ravi, it's Joe. Your second question is dynamics of that, it's a really good question. When we look at that on the GP side, I mean, its hit-and-miss both on the orthos and the GP side. Our orthodontic data for the second quarter indicated there was really a reduction in number of adults that were going through orthodontist. And we know we recognize that. On a GP side, it hits the GP side also but what we see with our DSO specifically is they're up significantly in growth. I mean, there've been focused on Invisalign to hit it harder. So within that segment of GP, I think the individual practices its hit a little bit harder, the DSOs have really grabbed products like iGo, theyve institute that in the organization and done much better with it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson [Evercore ISI]. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, good afternoon, guys.
Shirley Stacy: Hey, Elizabeth, we can barely hear you.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Anderson: Sorry about that. Can you hear me better now?
Shirley Stacy: That's better.
John Morici: We got it now, yes.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay, perfect. Sorry about that. So just in terms of mix in between your comprehensive and non-comprehensive products, can you talk about if there were certain like areas in particular, the non-comprehensive products where you saw like a shift between the first and second quarters?
John Morici: Elizabeth, when you look at that our comprehensive held and they're really well, you remember  it's really important to remember the comprehensive, our larger size docs like diamond, diamond plus, platinum rely almost exclusively on those product lines because the discount that we give them really it makes it easier for them to be able to move up and down the portfolio. They liked that product line, the comprehensive side only because you get the five year additional aligners. So when you move to the non-comp in that increase, our Lite product line stood out really well. Our E7 did extremely well and also iGo by far was a real winner in that piece. So you remember a product like iGo too has one individual additional aligner that's offered with it too. So for those kinds of simple cases that also gives the doctors confidence to be able to attack those things with more of a middle range kind of a product.
Elizabeth Anderson: And from an R&D perspective, I know you sort of over time have had like a steady drip of new products, Mandibular Advancement Invisalign First. Is there anything you could sort of talk about that you guys are working on in terms of further clinical advancements?
John Morici: We'd have to chill you, Elizabeth, if we told you that. It's top secret. Okay. It's no a mystery that we've been working on what's called a rapid palatal expander. So when we talk about Invisalign First, you think about that a dental arch expansion product. So you take your teeth that are in your arch and you basically expand those teeth. A palate expander actually takes  from a morphological standpoint it just widens your mouth completely. That is something we've been working on. I feel we have a good line of sight on how to get that done. There'll be several  it will be more quarters before we introduce anything like that.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger from William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John Kreger: Thanks very much. Joe, can you just expand a little bit more on what you're seeing in China? If you're willing, how much is it slowing? Are you seeing any signs of market maturation and are there any competitive pressures that you're seeing there? Are you seeing it just in terms of a little bit more reticence on the part of the consumer to spend?
Joe Hogan: John, Ill start with the end of your question. It's a little more reticence on consumers to spend. I mean, you've seen that in other consumer channels, when you look at what's going on, particularly with some U.S.-based companies and obviously the issues that we have between the United States and China right now. As far as the competition goes, John, I'd say Angel Align is a very confident competitor in China from a overall standpoint, but it's not that we feel that there's been any dramatic change in the sense of their competitive positioning or their ability to do certain cases or others. But maybe we recognize them as a confident competitor, it's just when you look at the different cities too, Tier 3, Tier 4, there's a huge GP area in the Tier 3 and Tier 4 city. That's why we put, iGo and the GP sales force to go into it. The Tier 1 cities are more orthodontic. And so we do segment in that way. When you talk about maturation or some kind of saturation, we just don't feel that. Again, we're moving into the teen season in China in the third quarters, normally the biggest quarter, obviously there's still a lot of spending that goes on in China around the teen side. And so, no, I honestly feel that this is consumer sentiment in general. It's reflected in other consumer-based businesses. It's not to your point, broadly driven by competition or by any kind of, I'd say saturation of clear aligners in that marketplace. I think we still have a long way to go before we'd ever reach that point.
John Kreger: Great, thanks. And maybe one quick follow-up for this young adult demographic that youve been talking about. What other levers do you have to really kind of improve the convenience that they perceive with Invisalign versus other options beyond sort of that classic price trade off?
Joe Hogan: Well, Id say young adult is, how many doctor visits that they have to make John. And there are some technologies I dont want to get into right now, but there are more remote technologies that would allow doctor to the CDs patients, less frequently from an office standpoint to be able to monitor their progress remotely. And I think those kind of things that they hit the convenience side, but it also hits the cost side because the less time they spend in an office theres less doctor time associated with it. So its lower cost too. So there is a convenience and a price point, we think of technology, and doctor understanding of specific kind of products and where  when and where to use them will allow us to be able to get us that segment better.
John Kreger: Great, thank you.
Joe Hogan: All right, John, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, good afternoon.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Steve.
Steve Beuchaw: First, just one more clarification on China. It embedded in the outlook for the back half. Am I hearing you right that you assumed China actually gets worse? And then John Kreger asked this, but could you put any numbers around China and 2Q and what youre assuming for the balance of the year?
John Morici: Yes, Steve, this is John. We assume China kind of stays as weve seen. So we saw some of that slowed down in the second half of the quarter, second quarter. And we assume that that continues not knowing how that consumer sentiment is going to change over the next few months.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. And then the email that Im getting most frequently here is how are they thinking now about the LRP the 20 to 30 growth range beyond the next couple quarters and what are the drivers there? Joe, I appreciated that youve called out that the competitive trialing might be in China. We all would imagine gets better. Is that the whole story we feel good about the LRP because of those two things?
Joe Hogan: Yes, were sticking to the 20%, 30% with competence, Steve, is nothing that really changed in that sense. And John, you
John Morici: Thats how were allocating resources and investing for that long-term growth model of revenue 20 to 30%. Were making investments where theyre appropriate and looking for return on those investments to work with our long-term growth model.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Steve, I just reemphasize Chinas not going away, right. I mean thats a big market. Its a phenomena. The other part that I think we talked about it, but its not we just got back we were in Asia last week. Its not necessarily apparent as the rest of them  the rest of when you look at APAC is so strong. You have Japan approaching 50% growth rates or more. You have just incredibly strong region overall. We think well get through this Chinas situation. Its going to continue to be our second biggest marketplace. And I feel really good about our investments over there too, because I think it addresses this consumer sentiment piece that we can be more like a Chinese company than be viewed as a just an American company.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay, thats clear. Thanks so munch.
Joe Hogan: All right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Joe Hogan: Yes. Hi Jeff.
John Morici: Hey Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: Hey, all. John, I wanted to go back to Brandons question just on margins, obviously you reiterated the 150 basis points to 200 basis point impact from the legal and the reorg, and what have you for the year? But the rest of the take down kind of in the second half guidance from a margin perspective ending up around 20% or so. Is that just the increased spend to try to reinvigorate top line or what other kind of levers that 20% operating margin instead of kind of the mid-20s we were thinking?
John Morici: Yes. That gets us low branded are Jeff from the investments that were making in marketing. So were making those media investments in the third quarter, were expected to continue to the fourth quarter. And thats a reflection in the overall op margin rate that I gave.
Jeff Johnson: Fair enough. And Joe, maybe just a question on [indiscernible] in kind of your confidence that those software glitches issues, whatever the saving issues where all of that rolled into one competence that youre past that number one. And then maybe talk about your employee base in Costa Rica. Obviously youve had a couple of competitors go down there and open treatment planning facilities in pretty close locations. Was that impacting in the second quarter at all? Does that impact over the short-term going forward? Just how to think about that?
Joe Hogan: Yes. Jeff on the software release we had, I mean it was unfortunate, but we  its contained and we know exactly what happened and thats been cleaned up broadly across the world. On the  when you think about Costa Rica too, weve had a lot of pressure on that organization. Its not necessarily, because competitors have moved down there and we have lost some employees to them. Its just been our capacity. Weve had  our growth has been phenomenal. You still look at the stack rates, theyre huge. It takes us  I think Ive mentioned before, Jeff, it takes us about six months to add capacity, basically people, technicians to Costa Rica to really get them up to speed where they can deal with customers. And we are a little bit behind the curve on that and customers felt it. This software that we released that you referenced put  did put pressure on them, because they  we had to go back and redo some cases in that, obviously put pressure on them, put pressure across our whole customer base when we did that. But it has nothing to do with SDC obviously has treatment planning down there and some of our more traditional competitors have moved people down there, but we havent had an attrition rate thats significantly different in that area than what weve had before. So weve added capacity there. Were going to add more capacity in the second half of this year. So that we can take care of some of the increases in volume we see at times. Because if you  when you do see these increases in volume, its not like they go away in two weeks, they ripple through this organization for 30 days or 40 days and we need to be able to have some little extra capacity to allow us to be able to address that.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew OBrien from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew OBrien: All right, thanks, afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Joe, as I think about the quarter and the outlook for the business, I continually hear that Align has better products from clinicians. Thats clear. Its just it seems like in the marketplace that message is being heard. So Im wondering what you can do to turn things around there. I know there are some of these investments, but can you be more specific on how you turn things around in North America somewhat quickly with these investments and the same goes for China where its a consumer product, its not a medically necessary product versus us encountering kind of a slow bleed as you have more competition in both geographies over the next several years.
Joe Hogan: Matthew, Im not sure how to talk about the competition part more than what I have so far, right. We  I think weve categorized them well. We know what their capabilities are. Its somewhat limited. When you say how to get at that, when some of these cases are offered for free or theyre offered for $800 or $750, some more of those are going to try it. If I was an ortho, I tried too, given where weve been in the marketplace and where our prices are or whatever and so. I think thats just part of the competitive environment or whatever, but were being very clear about we dont see a systemic loss to our traditional competitors in any way. So I dont want to infer that at all either. From a Chinas standpoint, look China, again, I think we talk about that in a few other calls, a few seconds ago, China continued to be strong. Consumer sentiment, there is consumers sentiment. Were going to continue to invest there. Were going to put more salespeople in place. Well follow through with continuing our training centers or manufacturing centers all we put in place. And we expect to China continue to grow and be  for the foreseeable future, the second largest area that we sell to. John, you can
John Morici: Sorry.
Matthew OBrien: Okay. And then everybody is focusing on the negatives here and theres I get that, but there was some positives in the quarter. Id love to hear a little bit more about you started touching on it a bit, but the iTero number, I know there was some seasonality to it was just phenomenal again. Some of thats DSO related Id love to hear a little bit more about outside the DSOs what was driving that. And when we expect to see a lot more of that volume from all the iTero placements, and same thing goes with doc training, I think those are some of the best numbers that weve seen in a while, when some of that training may manifest into higher volumes for the entire organization.
Joe Hogan: I appreciate a positive comment like because there were a lot of good things in this quarter. One thing you missed is you look EMEA up 39% in the consistency of the growth across that EMEA region. Its really been amazing in that sense. I mentioned the other parts of APAC too strong growth that we saw. And again, we verified that last week when we were over to see the team. And in North America side, I mean when you look at these tweens, 7 to 10, up 140% and some of our other age groups, theyve been very extremely strong. DSO marketplace has been great for us. And GP is still growing double-digits and is not taken for granted in this business because weve had some terrible, youd go back years ago of GP growth that we saw double-digits. Were continued to do well in that segment. But you pointed to iTero specifically in, I mean, it was a really an amazing quarter for iTero. So you have world-leading technology in iTero and with our 5D launch, it wasnt available in the United States. Its not yet. Were still working through the FDA, but in other parts of the world it hasnt made available. Were seeing both orthos and dental  dentists or general practitioners are really interested in that product line too. We have good sales force, combined with our iTero sales force. Its direct, but also with our Invisalign sales force too. And more and more, as its no secret that dental is going digital. To starts the whole digital piece, the front end of it as a scanner, having to kind of technology we have with iTero. You can see in some of the statistics that I mentioned in my opening, 13.7 million scans done. I think 3.8 million that were done for restorative scans, meaning they had really nothing to do for the most part with Invisalign in that sense, kind of shows you the versatility of that product line too. So those areas are very strong in the area. Talked about doc training, we did have some terrific numbers across all geographies for the quarter. Thats always a strong leading indicator of docs interest in future Invisalign cases. It breaks down differently by different regions to how fast theyll go. But as an overall, signal in the sense of whats in front of us and the interest from a doctors standpoint, the doctor training thing is good and Im glad you picked up on it.
Matthew OBrien: Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Youre welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Valiquette: Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Steve.
Steven Valiquette: Hey, guys. So nothing get too granular on what transpired over the past three, four months, but just coming back to the June quarter case volume for a moment. I guess, when you guys provided guidance for 2Q, obviously, that was in late April. Then you guys we had a lot of conferences through mid-June, with the message and everything seemed, okay. I guess, Im just wondering if most of these negative pressure points hits you maybe late in the quarter and in the month of June in particular. And when we come back to your comment that in North America, youre seeing improving trends in the first few weeks of Q3 and you just comparing July to June in particular. Just curious to kind of get little more color of how things kind of transpired throughout the quarter as we think about some of these pros and cons in the results. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Steve. Like you said, not to be over granular though. I think China by far was one where  when youve got the June and all, it was more difficult than what we had anticipated. Our China team is terrific too. So you do count on these guys to be able to deliver toward end of the quarter. And we see that, time and time again, it just didnt materialize and that consumer sound, that piece became more and more visible to us, as we got through the quarter in that way. In North America, Id say in general, we were good with the team volume was up 24%, same as what we had in the previous quarter up 24% too. So there wasnt really a team issue from a North America standpoint. But we did see some slowdown, as we went into the quarter also. As you think about July in general and we talk about that increase, were not just comparing it to June, were talking about the entire quarter, the first and second quarters and what we at, when we talk about that increased us, we wouldnt mention it.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. I appreciate the after color. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ryskin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ryskin: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Quick one on the follow-up quarter and then one just to follow-up again on something that, Steve just touched on with the last one. First, start with the 3Q, if you just sort of look at your commentary on international, sequentially down with the China pressures and youll get U.S. North America. Even if youll count for the 2% impact you had at Q2 last year. It seems like its a pretty aggressive cut the North America outlook. So Im just wondering how much conservative is little to that, especially since your point on improving trends in the first part of July. I guess Im saying is  was it really kitchen sink guide or sort of whats your outlook there.
John Morici: Mike, this is John. Really, theres no change in how we guide, we look at a lot of factors and understanding of the market being a few weeks into the quarter. So were  no change in terms of how we guide. Were just trying to put the pieces that we see. And as we mentioned with 2Q, we had some slow down, primarily China in June. And we want to be reflective of what we see. So no change in how we guide. We give our best estimate at a point in time. And thats what weve done.
Michael Ryskin: All right. I appreciate that. And quick follow-up again, just going into the sort of the bridge in 2Q, if you look at where international came in versus expectations may have been a little bit life, but it feels like the majority of the delta was actually in North America and especially on your comments on just June softness in China. We know roughly how big your China businesses for you. So it shouldnt have been that meaningful of an impact, especially if it was only a one month dynamic. So is there anything going on outside of China? I mean, is there anything that you can comment on in terms of your local presence there? Youve got the manufacturing as they built out. Youve got some of your other facilities that youre establishing there. Any other dynamics and play besides just the June consumer sentiment?
John Morici: Nothing that we saw out of the ordinary, Mike. It was  we looked at the demand that we saw  some of the pressure that we saw in June. But it was around the consumer sentiment, like, Joe said, that China team delivers quarter-after-quarter. So we felt very confident that weve got a great business there in terms of the investments that weve made in treatment planning and now manufacturing and training centers and so on. So were continuing to invest in grow, just calling a number that we see.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Mike. Operator, well take one more question, please.
Operator: Our next comes from the line of Nathan Rich from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Rich: Thanks for squeezing me in. John, actually just had a question on the ASP outlook, and how we should be thinking about that sequentially. And as you look going forward, do you have any change in kind of promotional activity or discount? Its kind of big into how youre thinking about, where ASP is trend from here.
John Morici: Yes, Nate. When we think about ASP is and really what we saw at the end of  we guided for at the end of last year was essentially flat ASPs. We have puts and takes as you know, with our business between international growth and comprehensive versus non-comprehensive. But what weve seen through this year and our Q3 guide is consistent to the fact that notwithstanding FX, we expect it to be about flat as we go through. So we have puts and takes to it, but from an overall ASP that is flat. And the promotions that we have, like we have every quarter, no different, in terms of how were thinking, were trying to drive, increase utilization, trying to drive growth in our business and promotions continuous as usual.
Nathan Rich: Okay, I appreciate that. And then just with the case guidance for 3Q. Is it possible to just kind of give us a sense in terms of orders of magnitude in the step down in the growth rate? How much was from the slowdown that you saw in China versus maybe a more competitive environment in North America? Just as we think about the relative impact of those factors.
John Morici: Yes, Nate, most of what we saw, that slowdown or the guidance that we gave was related to China. Like you said, we saw this in June and thats a reflection of how weve guided. So the majority of that was related to China.
Nathan Rich: Okay. Thanks a lot.
John Morici: All right, Nate. See you.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Nate. And thank you everyone for joining us. This concludes our conference call today. If you have further questions, please contact myself or Madelyn Homick in Investor Relations. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Align Technology First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Investor Communications. Thank you. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Investor Communications. Joining me for today is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued first quarter 2019 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is also being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern time May 08. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial (877) 660-6853 with conference number 13689188 followed by #. International callers should dial (201) 612-7415, with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the second quarter of 2019. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our first quarter 2019 conference call slides on our website, under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the first quarter and briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, Clear aligners and intraoral scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results, discuss our outlook for the second quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. Our first quarter was a very good start to the year with revenues, volumes, gross margin in EPS all above our guidance. Record Q1 revenues and Invisalign volumes were up 25.6% and 28.3% year-over-year respectively. Reflecting continued strong growth across all geographies and customer channels as well as strong iTero Scanner and Services revenues, which are up 55.1% year-over-year. Q1 sequential growth was driven primarily by North America and EMEA volumes reflecting strength across the Invisalign product portfolio. We saw a nice uptick in adoption of Invisalign treatment with a record utilization overall as well as expansion of our customer base, which totaled 57,000 active doctors worldwide in Q1. Now let's turn to the specifics around our first quarter results starting with the Americas region. For the Americas region, Q1 was a solid quarter with Invisalign case volume up 7.1% sequentially and 21.8% year-over-year reflecting growth in both our orthodontic and GP Dentists channel. Q1 we trained 1,700 new Invisalign doctors in the Americas region of which 1,400 were North American doctors. On a sequential basis Q1 Invisalign volume growth reflects record utilization for the Americas region overall driven by North American Orthros at 18.3 cases per doctor with good initial adoption with Invisalign mandibular advancement in North America driven by the mid-Q4 launch in the U.S.  We also had solid performance from GP Dentists with continued momentum from Invisalign Lite, Invisalign Go. Invisalign Go provides a simple pathway for dentists to integrate mild to moderate tooth movement and to comprehensive care. And it makes it easy for GPs to refer out more complex cases to orthodontics in the network. Year-over-year Q1 Invisalign volume growth in the Americas region was driven by continued strength in the Ortho channel, especially from our high volume doctors with 25.9% growth as well as an increase of 15.5% from the GP channel. In March, we announced the collaboration with Digital Smile Design or we call it DSD, a leader in holistic digital dentistry solutions for dental clinics, which features the Invisalign System and iTero element scanners as a digital solution of choice for tooth movement and scanning. As part of the cooperation Align and DSD will deliver dedicated education programs, enable simplified, streamlined integration of digital end-to-end workflows into GP practices and offer doctors more opportunities to learn about digital tools and treatment planning support. We also continue to make great progress in Latin America, led by Brazil. In Q1, Invisalign volume and Latin America was up significantly year-over-year reflecting our ongoing investments as we continue to build our business in the region. Training over 300 Invisalign doctors during the quarter. Next month I'll be in Brazil with the executive team hosting a major customer event with more than 200 doctors discussing the future of digital orthodontics including the science and technology behind both the Invisalign System as well as our iTero Scanners. Well also have local social media influences on hand as we kick off our very first Invisalign consumer campaign in Brazil and plan to live stream portions of the event to more than 500 doctors across the region.  For our international business Q1 was another good quarter with strong Invisalign volume growth at 38.5% year-over-year reflecting increased Invisalign utilization and continued expansion of our customer base in both EMEA and Asia Pacific regions. On a sequential basis international volume was up slightly reflecting strong growth in the EMEA region and offset somewhat by seasonally lower period in Asia Pacific as expected. In Q1 we trained over 2,400 new Invisalign doctors internationally split roughly between each of the two regions. In EMEA Q1 was a strong quarter with volumes up 37.4% year-over-year driven by growth across the region with record Invisalign volumes in all but one country led by Iberia and France. We saw strength across the Invisalign product portfolio with continued momentum from Invisalign First and Invisalign Go. We also continue to see strong growth across our key expansion markets as well, led by the Nordics and Benelux. For APAC, Q1 Invisalign volume increased 40.4% year-over-year, reflecting continued strong growth from nearly all country markets, led by China, Japan, and ANZ. We also had a strong uptick in teenage patients in Q1, due in part to a teen promotion in China offered along with our Teen-edge sales program, intended to increase adoption of Invisalign treatment with teenagers. We also had strong growth from GP Dentists, which were up 63.5% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Q1 was flat as expected, due primarily to a seasonally slower period with the lunar New Year holiday. During Q1, we trained nearly 1,100 new doctors in APAC, over half of which were in China, and we opened our second state-of-the-art training facility in China, located in Shanghai. Our new manufacturing facility in Ziyang, China is continuing to ramp, and while we are making good progress, we still expect it to take a couple of quarters to fully transition aligner fabrication from Juarez, Mexico to Ziyang, China to serve the Chinese market and expect manufacturing overhead in Ziyang to be underutilized during this transition period. Overall for the teen market, in Q1 nearly 100,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 41.1% year-over-year driven by continued strong adoption across all major regions  especially in APAC and EMEA regions. For Q1, year-over-year Invisalign teen patient growth for North Americas Orthodontists increased 29.2% and International doctors were up 67.2%. Invisalign First and Invisalign treatment with Mandibular Advancement continue to ramp globally and are helping to increase our share of teenagers and younger patients worldwide. Overall, were very pleased to see that use of Invisalign treatment among teenagers continues to outpace adults and that Invisalign First is driving a really strong growth kid and tweens in the kid/tween segment. Well continue to drive utilization and growth in our Americas teen business this year with the first Invisalign Teen Summit in July. We know that Summits increase engagement and Invisalign adoption, so for the first time were focusing a Summit program completely on teen treatment and teen culture, including a tie-in to 2019 VidCon, the top teen culture and community event. Teen Summit is designed to turn low teen submitters into high teen submitters by combining Invisalign specific clinical and practice "how tos" with an immersive teen culture experience. Our consumer marketing efforts are designed to build the category and drive demand for Invisalign treatment through a doctors office. We invest over $100 million each year in consumer marketing programs including TV, digital and social media, PR, event marketing and our Patient Concierge service. Our goals are to make the Invisalign brand a household name worldwide and to motivate consumers to seek Invisalign treatment through a doctors office. In Q1, we continued to see strong digital engagement with consumers reaching nearly 4 million unique visitors on Invisalign.com sites worldwide for a total of 53 million visitors to date. Other key metrics show increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand and are included in our Q1 quarterly slides. In March, we launched a new online tool called SmileView at the International Dental Show IDS in Cologne, Germany. SmileView is designed to help prospective Invisalign patients visualize a new, straighter smile before they opt for Invisalign treatment. Within 60 seconds of taking a smile selfie using the SmileView online tool with their smartphone or tablet, prospective patients can see what their new smile and straighter teeth may look like, with their own facial features. SmileView is available on line, or in GP practices in beta testing in the UK and the U.S. and we are getting really positive feedback. In North America, we continued to invest in strong digital plans for adults and teens. Our teen focused content developed by Awesomeness TV, the fastest growing youth channel and teen influencer program helps strengthen our brand presence among teens and parents, making Invisalign relevant and fun. During South by Southwest, we reached adult consumers with an immersive experience with a RealSelf House and Modern Beauty, where consumers can learn more about Invisalign and see a simulation of their future smile using Invisalign SmileView technology. And Invisalign was voted by consumers as a Most Worth It treatment, continuing to demonstrate continued strength of consumers. In EMEA, we held a recruitment drive for our Influencer Program called Invisalign Smile Squad generating over 100 plus new influencer applications and 350 plus doctor registrations to take part in the program. And our Parent of Teen campaign went live in UK and France  raising awareness amongst a new consumer audience. Q2 will see the launch of our revised patient journey with media campaign strategy for focused markets, better integrating new conversion tools like SmileView and Concierge into the journey. In APAC, we continued to build awareness for Invisalign treatment through use of paid media and our influencer campaign, including expansion of our influencer program in the region and a pilot Invisalign First social media campaign to target parents of younger children. To leverage increasing consumer awareness and demand, we also began to expand the Invisalign Concierge program that connects interested consumers with Invisalign doctors for treatment into new countries. Globally, in the second half of the year, we will launch a new consumer advertising campaign that emphasizes the importance of doctor led treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, while also differentiating our brand. On the professional marketing side, we recently launched two dedicated professional Invisalign brand campaigns that feature Orthodontists and GP Dentists. The Ortho as Hero campaign focuses on Invisalign orthodontists as critical leaders and the heroes of transformative, life-changing smiles, especially for teen and younger patients. The campaign showcases modern orthodontics practices that leverage digital approaches to treatment and are warm and inviting. The Go Beyond campaign is designed to celebrate dentists who go above and beyond every day to serve their patients. It also demonstrates the relevance of tooth movement to General Dentists and the importance of integrating Invisalign within comprehensive dentistry. This was launched in North America, and is now being rolled out in the EMEA and APAC regions. For iTero scanner and services business, iTero revenues increased 55.1% year-over-year, reflecting continued strength growth across all geographies and customer channels. On a sequential basis, revenues were down 9.8% sequentially, as expected, reflecting lower scanner sales following a strong Q4 and consistent with the seasonality in the capital equipment business partially offset by continued growth in services revenues due to the increasing install base. During the quarter, we launched the new iTero Element 5D Imaging System for comprehensive preventative and restorative oral care at the International Dental Show. The iTero Element 5D scanner is the first integrated dental imaging system that simultaneously records 3D, intra-oral color and NIRI images or near-infrared images and enables comparison over time using iTero TimeLapse. Integrated 3D, intra-oral color and NIRI technology of the new iTero 5D Imaging System aids in detection and monitoring of interproximal caries lesions above the gingiva without using harmful radiation. The iTero Element 5D scanner is available for sale in the majority of European and APAC countries, and is not yet available in the United States or Latin America. Cumulatively, 13.5 million orthodontic scans and 3.6 million restorative scans have started with iTero scanners. Use of the iTero scanners for Invisalign case submissions continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q1, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to 76% from 67.3%. In Q1 last year, international scans increased to 59.3% up from 43.5% in the same quarter last year. Within the Americas, 91.2% of cases submitted by North American Orthos were submitted digitally. And China remains at 45% for the quarter. We continue to anticipate that in another year or two, nearly all Invisalign cases will be submitted digitally  primarily through an iTero scanner. Given our continued progress and increased use of digital scans for Invisalign case submission, we continue to get questions regarding interoperability with other third-party scanners. With recent product introductions, we want to make sure we are clear about which scanners are not qualified to submit Invisalign case submissions. We developed an interoperability matrix that has been distributed to our sales and customer facing teams to help inform doctors. It also included our Q1 2019 conference call slides. So please reference it for more detail. However, to ensure there is no confusion in the marketplace then I quickly reiterate our interoperability position on this call with two new scanners, the Trios 4 and Primescan. Regarding the Trios 4, Align will not qualify Trios 4, or any future 3Shape scanner product, for Invisalign interoperability in the U.S. or globally. Regarding Primescan, Align has received a request from Dentsply/Sirona to evaluate Primescan for Invisalign case submissions and we are considering that request. Until we make a decision to move forward and can conduct testing, Primescan is not qualified for Invisalign case submissions. Before I turn the call over to John, I want to update you on two other important topics. Our plans to reorganize Aligns corporate entity structure to better align with the growing international nature of our business, and the recent settlement agreement with Straumann. First, our plans to reorganize our corporate entity structure: Given the rapid expansion of our business globally, we must continue to scale and optimize our operations to help support our growth and financial profile. In March, we announced internally that we would be making changes to our EMEA headquarters located in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Specifically, we will relocate our current EMEA Headquarters and move the majority of our corporate functions: Finance, IT, HR, Legal, and Regional EMEA Marketing from Amsterdam to Switzerland. We will begin the transition to the new headquarter location mid-year and expect to complete it in 2020 early. We will maintain an Amsterdam office to support local commercial operations. In addition, in August we will be relocating our current Order Acquisition or OA facility from Amsterdam to Poland to create a centralized operational hub for EMEA co-located with our new Treatment Planning facility that we just opened. This new hub in Poland will include iTero business operations, customer success and clinical support teams, and IT operations. As we evaluated our options, relocating our EMEA headquarters to Switzerland quickly became our top choice on many factors including: a more favorable and stable operating environment. An opportunity to accelerate our transition to a more decentralized commercial structure for EMEA that reflects the localization weve been working toward. A more centralized geographic location in Europe within EMEAs largest potential market. An available talent pool to support key strategic roles required in the new EMEA headquarters. While we expect these proposed changes will allow us to obtain financial and operational efficiencies, it was a difficult decision to make and we are committed to supporting our impacted employees throughout this transition. Moving onto the settlement agreement with Straumann. On March 28, we announced a settlement with the Straumann Group to settle patent disputes with ClearCorrect, who was purchased by Straumann in 2017. As many of you know, for years Align has been engaged in complicated, multi-country, multi-court patent litigation with ClearCorrect. The settlement with Straumann ends all current and pending litigation and provides $35 million in settlement fees to Align. In addition, we have signed a non-binding letter of intent, LOI with Straumann for an iTero development and distribution agreement. If we reach an agreement, Straumann will purchase and distribute 5,000 iTero scanners over the next five years and co-fund development with us to integrate Straumanns digital workflow into those scanners. The letter of intent weve signed is non-binding, which means either one of us can walk away from the LOI. However, if we dont reach a development and distribution agreement with Straumann by early July, Straumann will pay us an additional $16 million, for a total of $51 million. We have always been passionate about defending our intellectual property and the hard work and innovation by the Align team that it represents. Well continue to do that and to protect our technology through all the ways that our legal system provides. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks Joe. Now for our Q1 financial results. Total revenue for the first quarter was $549 million, up 2.8% from the prior quarter and up 25.6% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Year-over-year revenue growth includes $16.5 million of unfavorable foreign exchange. For Clear aligners, Q1 revenue of $469.2 million was up 5.3% sequentially on strong Invisalign volume from North America and EMEA, and higher than expected Invisalign ASPs. Year-over-year clear aligner revenue growth of 21.7% reflected strong Invisalign shipment growth across all customer channels and geographies. Q1 Invisalign ASPs were up sequentially by approximately $10 to $1,245 reflecting favorable impacts from FX and product mix shift, partially offset by higher promotions. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 Invisalign ASPs were down $65 primarily reflecting promotional discounts, unfavorable foreign exchange and product mix shift, partially offset by price increases in July 2018. Total Q1 Invisalign shipments of 349,000.2 cases were up 4.6% sequentially and up 28.3% year-over-year. For Americas Orthodontists, Q1 Invisalign case volume was up 9.5% sequentially and up 25.9% year-over-year. For Americas GP Dentists, Invisalign case volume was up 3.5% sequentially and up 15.5% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 1.3% sequentially and up 38.5% year-over-year. Our Scanner and Services revenue for the first quarter was $79.8 million, down 9.8% sequentially due to seasonality as Q4 is typically stronger due to end of the year capital equipment purchases. Year-over-year revenue was up 55.1%, primarily due to higher scanner units across regions and related service revenues. Moving on to gross margin. First quarter overall gross margin was 73.2%, up 1.5 points sequentially and down 1.7 points year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the first quarter was 74.9%, up 0.8 points sequentially primarily due to improved manufacturing leverage, approximately $4 million of one-time benefits related to freight refunds and rebates, and seasonally lower training costs, partially offset by higher number of aligners per case. Clear aligner gross margin was down 2.1 points year-over-year primarily due to higher number of aligners per case, lower ASPs, partially offset by favorable manufacturing leverage, and one-time benefits related to freight refunds and rebates as described above, along with lower doctor training costs. Scanner gross margin for the first quarter was 63.6%, up 3.7 points sequentially and up 4.4 points year-over-year, primarily due to higher ASPs and one-time benefits related to freight refunds along with manufacturing efficiencies. Q1 operating expenses were $314.4 million, up sequentially 19.7% and up 37.2% year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating expenses reflects continued investment in sales and R&D activities, along with higher legal/consulting expenses, as well as increased compensation related expenses due to higher headcount and our planned annual increase in employee compensation programs, partially offset by seasonally lower advertising spending. Additionally, our Q1 operating expenses include impairments and other charges related to Invisalign Store closures of $29.8 million. Our first quarter operating income was $87.7 million, down 27.2% sequentially and down 10.7% year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating income is primarily attributed to higher operating expenses offset in part by higher gross profit. On a year-over-year basis, the decrease in operating income primarily reflects higher operating expenses commensurate from growth, which includes charges related to our Invisalign Store closures. Our first quarter operating margin was 16%, down 6.6 points sequentially and down 6.5 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating margin is primarily due to higher operating expenses and the Invisalign Store closure costs, partially offset by higher gross margin. The year-over-year decrease in operating margin is primarily due to higher operating expenses and Invisalign Store closure costs and lower gross margin. The Q1 operating margin impact from the store closures was approximately 540 basis points. With regards to first quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 10.4% which includes approximately $12 million of excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation from restricted stock vesting during the quarter and approximately $8 million of discrete tax benefit related to the tax impact on the Invisalign Store closure costs. First quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.89, down $0.31 sequentially and down $0.28 compared to the prior year. Invisalign Store related closure costs, net of tax, impacted Q1 diluted EPS by approximately $0.28. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of March 31st, 2019, cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, including both short- and long-term investments were $732.5 million, a decrease of $11.9 million from the prior quarter which is primarily from $50 million used to repurchase approximately 205,000 shares of our stock. Of the $732.5 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $372.6 million was held in the US and $359.9 million was held by our International entities. Q1 accounts receivable balance was $479.3 million, up approximately 9.2% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding was 78 days, up four days sequentially and up four days from Q1 last year. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $117.2 million, up $39.9 million compared to the prior year. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $35.3 million, primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner capacity and facilities. Free cash flow for the first quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $81.9 million. During Q1, we've purchased on the open market approximately 200,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $243.42 per share, including commission for an aggregate purchase price of approximately of $50 million. We have $450 million remaining available for repurchase under the May 2018 Repurchase Program. Also, during the first quarter, we adopted the new lease standard and now record operating leases  lease assets and related liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet, however, there was no significant impact to our operating results. With that, let's turn to our Q/Q outlook and the factors that inform our view, starting with the demand outlook. For International, we expect Q2 volumes to be up sequentially reflecting seasonally stronger periods for both EMEA and APAC regions. For the Americas, we expect Q2 volumes to be up sequentially reflecting growth across all key markets, as well as a seasonally stronger period for North America orthodontists with the beginning of the summer teen season. We expect our iTero business to be up sequentially coming off of a slower period for capital equipment in Q1. And, regarding Smile Direct Club, we expect almost no clear aligner volume from SDC in Q2. With this as a backdrop, we expect the second quarter to shape up as follows: Invisalign case volume is expected to be in the range of 380,000 to 385,000 cases, up approximately 26% to 27% year-over-year. We expect Q2 revenues to be in the range of $590 million to $600 million, up approximately 20% to 22% year-over-year. Our Q2 revenue outlook assumes almost no SDC volume compared to the same quarter a year ago, when aligners supplied to SDC contributed $8.6 million to revenue. We expect Q2 gross margin to be in the range of 71.5% to 72.5%. Q2 gross margin is sequentially lower than Q1 due to the one-time benefits of approximately 1% realized in Q1 that we do not expect to repeat. We expect Q2 operating expenses to be in the range of $277 million to $282 million, which includes a one-time benefit of approximately $30 million from our Straumann settlement gain, net of our estimated costs for the iTero development agreement. Q2 operating expenses reflect continued investments in sales, marketing and R&D including increased consumer media/advertising spend, as well as higher legal fees and costs related to our corporate structure reorganization announced last quarter. Q2 operating margin should be in a range of 24.5% to 25.4%, which includes the expected benefit from the Straumann settlement gain mentioned above and approximately 2% negative impact to operating margin due to higher legal fees and costs related to our corporate structure reorganization. Note, as we described on our Q4 earnings call in January, we expect the impact from higher legal and corporate structure reorganization costs to be about 1.5% to 2% for the full year. Our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 24%. Diluted shares outstanding is expected to be approximately 80.6 million, exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q2 diluted earnings per share to be in a range of $1.47 to $1.54. Q2 diluted EPS guidance includes $0.28 gain from the Straumann settlement and $0.10 gain from the SDC equity settlement, net of the income tax effects, and approximately $0.09 expense related to the corporate structure reorganization costs and higher legal/litigation costs. In addition, as we continue our operational expansion efforts, we expect CapEx for Q2 to be approximately $85 million to $90 million, and we expect depreciation and amortization to be $20 million to $22 million. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks John. Overall Q1 was another solid quarter and I'm pleased with the continued progress we're making and executing on our strategic growth drivers and I'm excited about the opportunity we have. Just want to highlight those four growth drivers here for the quarter. From an international expansion standpoint Invisalign volume was up 38.5%. On our Ortho/Teen Utilization our worldwide Invisalign Teen patients growth was over 41%. GP Treat and Refer, leading with iTero scanners, our worldwide GP volumes for Invisalign were up 27.3% and 15.5% for GPs in the Americas. And iTero scanner revenues were up 55.1%. Consumer and patient conversion with Invisalign treatment, we engaged with 4 million consumers globally in Q1 and are building the most recognized orthodontic brand in the industry. In Q2, we have a number of exciting programs and initiatives heading into the summer season kicking off with the AAO in early May, and the Invisalign Symposium on the Digital Practice in London, which is our first ever truly global event and designed to foster a global community of Invisalign doctors. The symposium will bring together 300 of the most experienced and most high volume Invisalign orthodontists from across the world to discuss the digital orthodontics and the challenges and opportunities digital transformation provides their practices. Finally, before I open the call up for questions, I want to take a minute to welcome Raj Pudipeddi who joined Align last month as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, CMO, reporting to me. Raj joins us with more than 24 years of business leadership experience and brand building experience for companies including Procter & Gamble and Bharti Airtel, an Indian telecom leader. He has an outstanding track record of delivering results across the North America, Latin America and Asia Pacific regions. Raj also brings great consumer acumen and marketing expertise in terms of building brands, launching new products and accelerating digital businesses globally. His knowledge and understanding of how to leverage big data and consumer personalization will be instrumental as we continue to lead the transformation of digital orthodontics and dentistry and help millions of consumers get a smile they love with Invisalign doctors. Raj is a strong addition to our leadership team and I am thrilled to have him on board. With that, I want to thank you again for joining our call. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. Well see many of you at the American Association of Orthodontist Meeting in Los Angeles next month, as well as the upcoming financial conferences including BankAmerica Merrill Lynch, Northcoast, Stifel, Goldman Sachs and William Blair. Now Ill turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Erin Wright With Credit Suisse. Please proceed. Erin?
Shirley Stacy: Hi, Erin, are you there?
Operator: Please check as if your line is mute.
Erin Wright: Apologies. Can you hear me now?
Operator: Yes.
Shirley Stacy: Hi, Erin.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Erin.
Erin Wright: Hi. So on the gross margin, how should we be thinking about the run rate for the remainder of the year? I understand there was an onetime factors in freight refunds, rebates. Are there other moving parts we should be thinking about in the second quarter from a gross margin perspective? And more broadly, can you characterize how we should be thinking about that longer-term leverage to that metric over the next few years? Thanks.
John Morici: Hi, Erin, this is John. Yes, what we saw  in Q1, we saw good improvement in our gross margin, we talked about 4 million of some of the unusual, you strip that out. What we expect as we go forward in our Q2 guidance is that progression, we're going to continue to improve our gross margin, some of that comes to some of the operational efficiencies in China and other places that we'll see as the year progresses.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. And then can you speak to some of the incremental cost and opportunities associated with this reorganization of your corporate entity structure? Are there incremental costs there from what you said in the fourth quarter? And what are those longer-term financial efficiencies that this can generate from a tax perspective or from an operational perspective as well?
John Morici: Yeah, Erin, this is John again. So no additional than what we had talked about. We laid out from a reorganization standpoint about 1% in total for the year. And that'll really progress with Q2 on, but really what we see is a more agile organization and one, that can accommodate changes to any global changes that might come up around taxes or anything else. So that's really the benefits that we have. EMEA is growing so much as centralized as that location, but it also gives us an operating structure that we can use in the future.
Erin Wright: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon guys, can you hear me okay? Hey Joe, how are you?
Joe Hogan: Great.
Jeff Johnson: Let me start with you and then  Hey, all. So let me start with you, Joe, and then I have a question for John as well on the margin front. But Joe, with the store shut down here in April, I guess, what are you seeing impact wise on volumes maybe in the near-term, whether that's 2Q or over the next couple quarters? And then how might that impact how you allocate some expenses this year? Is there some way you can reallocate those expenses into other kind of growth initiatives, whether that's with DSO or other private docs or what have you?
Joe Hogan: Hey Jeff, first of all, I mean I think we  when we announced this issue with SDC having to close the stores, they just said it wasn't going to be material from a revenue standpoint and what we  for the year and so we're sticking with that overall. I mean, obviously there'll be some case loss from a store standpoint. The other part of your question is we shift some of that spend back into advertising back into other activities that we have going on to help to drive that demand. So we are  we will reallocate that expense, it's reallocated into marketing and sales and be able to do that. And we expect to have good results from that too. We have I think good experience and understanding what that investment return rate is.
Jeff Johnson: All right, that's helpful. Thanks. And then John on the margin front, I mean if I exclude some of the onetime costs in the 1Q, it seems like your operating margin probably would have beaten by maybe 500 basis points or so relative to your guidance. And then if I take into account the gains in 2Q, it seems like margins are going to be down 400 basis points, 500 basis points year-over-year, and the 2Q, which is kind of worse than we were thinking. So I guess I'm just trying to get my arms around kind of volatility around margins. Is there more volatility x the noise in the base business going on right now? Is there just conservatism in your base business guidance for 2Q? How should we think about kind of recent and future margin trends?
John Morici: Yes, so from a  youre talking about specific gross margin, when you look at that, we're seeing good improvement from some of the manufacturing efficiencies and things that happened in the first quarter. We expect that to continue, we saw ASPs up $10 in Q1, which helps contribute to that. But this is about being able to continue to leverage the manufacturing and the other operations that we have. And that should continue to get better as the year progresses. And so that's similar to what we talked about at the end of Q4 as well. This is something that we  well get those efficiencies as the year progresses.
Jeff Johnson: Well, let me just clarify, I guess that question and focus just on the first quarter x the charges in the 1Q, it seems like your margin probably beat even at the operating line by almost 500 basis points relative to your guidance because I think your guidance did not anticipate these onetime store closure costs in that. So what drove that upside and how did you get the 500 basis points of upside in the quarter?
John Morici: Yes. So really when we saw, as we looked through it Jeff, we saw like I said some improvement on the gross margin standpoint, some of the OpEx leverage that we are able to achieve in the first quarter as well and that started our year in a very strong position from an operating margin standpoint. And then as we go through the year as we've talked about, there'll be some litigation and some reorganization costs that we've been calling out, as we go through. But it was really a strong start to the year from a gross margin standpoint and then managing the op-Expenditures and we saw that leverage really show up in Q1.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Thanks Jeff.
Operator: Our next question is from Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Jon.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks guys, good afternoon. I'm also going to ask a margin related question, and then on pivot. But just John big normalized EPS be it for 1Q, obviously there's been sort of no shortage of news flow over the past couple of months. So I just wanted to check in, I'm going to drill down or make sure that I'm clear on the op margins. In other words, if I were to check it on the 2H 2019 op margin, should I get back to the 25% to 30% OM range, that you will alluded to last quarter? That's sort of part A of number one. And then part B would be, your 2Q revenue guidance, the revs are slightly ahead with the cases of smidge below. So do we assume a sort of flattish 1Q to 2Q ASP? And then I'll ask my second one.
John Morici: Okay. Yes, from an op margin standpoint and what we tried to do is lay that out a little bit in the slides for you, Jon, but when we look at as we've reported on a gap basis, just talk to the high guide of 25.4% from a guidance standpoint. And we're staying within there because that's GAAP, within there is a Straumann settlement of approximately 5 points. And then we have some of the corporate structure and reorganization costs, as well as the legal cost. And you back out or add back a couple of points to that. So that gets you to 22.5% or so from an op margin standpoint in Q2 on an operational basis.
Jon Block: John, I'm sure if I could jump in there really quick. I didn't mean 2Q, I meant 2H, last quarter you talked about 2H 2019 op margins falling back in your long-term guidance range of 25% to 30%, here we are today. Do you still have high conviction in 2H 2019 the op margins are 25% to 30%.
John Morici: Yes, sorry, Jon, yes. In the second half the conviction that we have and what we expect to have in the second half is consistent, it's the 25% range in the second half of the year.
Jon Block: Okay. And then the implied ASPs for 2Q flattish with 1Q, is that the quick ballpark demand?
John Morici: That  there is a little bit of FX from 1Q to Q2, but essentially flat.
Jon Block: Okay, great. And then for 1Q 2019, Simon EMEA growth rate is now within 300 bips relative to Julie's, which I view as a good thing from a diversification standpoint and congrats to Simon, who I know has been chasing Julie for several years. But I'm just curious how we should think about that going forward, especially with the scanner that's technically newer in China. And Joe, you talked about the teen opportunity in China. Do we think that, call it closer to parity Joe is here to stay? Or is there anything unique in one market or the other, teen I go scanner that can cause APAC to sort of separate again. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Jon, I think first of all you've got to take cyclicality into  in fact when you look at China and APAC versus EMEA, EMEA goes around the dark side of the moon right after the second quarter, China has really strong third quarter like they always do, get to Lunar New Year in the fourth quarter, you got a stronger EMEA in the first quarter. So I think you can't do this kind of an apples-to-oranges comparison when you look at what Simon did this quarter. So what I would take away from this one is you got a continuing growth rate in EMEA and continuing penetration rates there that are terrific. We still have a great business in APAC from a growth standpoint overall. So I love the competition between those two. I'm cheering for them both, Jon.
Jon Block: Okay, fair enough. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Nathan Rich: Hi, this is Nathan Rich on for Bob this evening. Maybe just going back to ASPs, it looks like you saw a pretty nice step up sequentially in the quarter mostly on the international side. Could you maybe just talk about what came in better than expectations in the quarter? And then you kind of talked about the 2Q guidance for ASPs to be flat, but it does seem like you're seeing some nice progression there relative to your kind of full year guidance for ASPs to be flat to 4Q of last year. So how should we think about the progression of ASPs going forward over the balance of the year?
John Morici: Hey Nate, this is John. Similar to what we've said in the past where we see better comprehensive cases like we saw I think compared to what we had expected, driven by mandibular advancement and other products that we have, that was in the teen growth that we saw, the 41%. That all contributes to higher ASP that showed up in Q1. And when we think about  as we're looking forward, take FX out of that, we think that the  it's pretty balanced. We'll have that  overall, we'll have a good international growth, we have that growth in the comprehensive cases with teens, but then we have the low stage mix shift that we see, where the low stage is growing faster than our comprehensive cases. But in balance, we think it's  it balances out.
Nathan Rich: Okay. That makes sense. And then, Joe, maybe one for you. The ortho utilization in the quarter was very impressive. Can you maybe just talk to kind of what's resonating in the market and where you think this could go? It seems like you should still have a lot of traction with some of the recent launches, like MA and the marketing initiatives that you guys talked about. So just curious to get your thoughts on where you think this could ultimately end up?
Joe Hogan: Nathan, overall, when you look at what's going on, I'd say there's two prime drivers in that ortho segment. One is what you mentioned is you have our MAF product now that was qualified in November of last year, you have our Invisalign teen product, which we're doing a lot of cases, seven-year old patients, eight-year old patients that we really never touched before. So that's obviously a big driver from an increased utilization standpoint. Secondly, I think it's just increasing awareness of the preference of consumers for clear aligners and I think orthodontists know that and we see more and more orthodontists really adopting that. Thirdly, when you think about the segment overall is  from a long-term standpoint, like we talk about, that's our second strategic imperative, is we see a lot of runway in teens. And that's why we're having our Teen Summit coming up this year, we'll have a lot of focus on our top 300 in London this year also on teens and we see more and more uptake on that as we work with orthos on the teens and we go directly to consumers and parents about it.
Nathan Rich: Great, thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Nate, thanks. Next question, please.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Glen Santangelo with Guggenheim Securities. Please proceed.
Glen Santangelo: Thanks and good evening. Joe, I just want to follow up on the previous sort of ASP question because I almost look out a little bit differently, right. I mean, you clearly had a decent uptick on an international basis and your worldwide ASP was up slightly. Does that kind of imply that North America might have been flat or even maybe down? And I know there's a lot of moving parts and I think, John, you talked about some of those like mix and promotional discounts and FX. Could you just peel back the onion a little bit on North American ASPs and give us a sense because I think it's important, given the market's focus on the competitive landscape? So just give us a sense for what's going on there.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Glen, when we look at the ASPs, totally like you said, up about $10 on a worldwide basis. In North America, slightly down from Q4, but from a standpoint of  really coming from a mix standpoint, it's just a matter of how and what type of cases the doctors are taking on, whether it's more comprehensive or some of the low-stage. And remember from a low-stage standpoint, those are some of our highest margin rate products. So when we look at that in total, we'll go to where the volume is and what makes sense for our business.
Glen Santangelo: Maybe I'll just ask one follow-up question on your utilization. Within North American orthodontists, you saw a healthy sequential uptick in the number of cases, maybe  any idea what drove that and maybe could you give us a better sense for where maybe market penetration stands now for clear tray aligner and maybe what your market share numbers might look like to give us a sense for how much runway there maybe to go?
Joe Hogan: Hey, Glen. It's Joe. On the utilization for orthos, think about two big vectors there, it's just our product line in teens, MAF and our Invisalign First product line. It really brings us into, what is about 25% to 30% of the teen market that we couldn't access before, before we had those products. Overall, I just think we have good momentum in that sense and we're going to continue to see continued increase in utilization as more and more doctors gain confidence in those products.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Glen. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from Ravi Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ravi Misra: Hi, thank you for taking the questions. So I guess, just following up on that, Joe. Can we just talk a little bit about how the Invisalign First and mandibular advancement are contributing to that growth rate in that kind of teen, the strong teen growth number that you put there? And a little bit related, can you maybe touch upon what you're seeing out there with the competition and how your strategy is evolving now that the store closure has become underway? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: First of all, Ravi, I'll just say, again, the utilization rates that you referenced and all and for teens, again, it's new product. We feel we're still having underutilization in teens. I mean, we're still in the United States, 9%, 10% from a teen standpoint. I'd say from a clinical standpoint, we can handle 80% to 90% of those cases, depending on how you want to rate them. Many of our Invisalign docs say they can do anything in teen than they can in Invisalign. So we have a long way to go from a growth standpoint. From a competitive standpoint, we really have no competitors in those kind of products. Okay, those are highly proprietary products that  it just take a lot of history and knowledge to be able to make them and have them function well in the marketplace. As far as how we're competing out there with Invisalign stores or whatever, look, Invisalign stores or what they always have been was how do you drive more demand for our product line, it was way instead of  we've been advertising consumers for years. This was a way of just taking those advertisement kind of capabilities and bring them in the store and exciting patients, moving those patients to doctors. It was nothing different in our business model. I mean, it's a shame in the sense of what the arbitrator ruled, but look, we respect that decision and we'll move on in the sense of continuing to generate demand the way we know how to generate demand. From a competitive standpoint, SDC is a different kind of competitor. Obviously, they have high growth rates, we have high growth rates too, we show we can mutually co-exist in the marketplace and we continue to both grow.
Ravi Misra: Great, thanks.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Ravi. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed.
Joe Hogan: Hey, John.
John Kreger: Hey, how are you?
Joe Hogan: Good.
John Kreger: So I'd like to go back to China. Can you just talk about the next steps there? What do you have to do to continue growing as quickly as you have? We noticed that the number of doctors trained in APAC and China declined a little bit compared to where it was at the end of 2018. Is that in any way related to the slowing economic outlook in your opinion or is that seasonality? And can you just talk about how you expect the competitive dynamics in China to change, now that Straumann is making an entrance via a partnership there?
Joe Hogan: Hey. Look, it's  you're back to Joe here. Look, China is great growth market for us, we have  we're manufacturing in China now. We've put treatment planning in Chengdu. We handle all of our Chinese doctors right now out of China itself. We have two wonderful training centers, one in Shanghai, one in Chengdu. We feel very capable in China, we lead in China. Straumann's move with a third or fourth tier player from a clear aligner standpoint, I don't see that as a dramatic effect on this market now or in the immediate future at all.
John Kreger: Okay, great. And then just one quick clarifying question on operating margin. So if you strip out the one-time gains and losses that you've discussed, does your full year outlook that you discussed a quarter ago for operating margin that's below the long-term outlook, does that still hold?
John Morici: Yes. Yes, it does.
John Kreger: Okay, thank you.
Joe Hogan: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks, good afternoon. Joe, two part question on the scanner business. First, would like to get your perspective on how you sort of see the competitive landscape developing, number of new launches, all the ideas? And do you anticipate any stepped up level in just noise or evaluations as customers kind of digest these new intros? And then secondly, could you give us a sense of the relative growth rates in the scanner business between O-U.S. and North America? And then I guess, thirdly, any help you can give us in terms of the expected timing of the U.S. approval for the new iTero 5D?
Joe Hogan: Starting with your broader question on the scanner business is  look, we feel really good about our scanner. I mean, 5D leads, I mean, obviously, you see the 3Shape product came out, but you got two separate scans that kind of use the near-infrared. And I mean, we're so focused on workflow of GPs, we just known over the years that, goodness, GP's time is such an important commodity in that sense and you want to do things as fast as you possibly can. So combining the near-infrared together for caries detection and tooth cracking together with just a normal digital scan is a big breakthrough for us in the industry. And we've gotten great feedback. Obviously, they're starting off well. From a standpoint of U.S. approval, it's the FDA. Right. I won't talk too much about it, but there are some issues in the sense of how the FDA wants this one to be designed from a disease control standpoint. But we have a good vector on what needs to be done, it's going to take a little bit longer, just like our MAF product did, but we're confident. And I would say late fourth quarter early first quarter next year, we'll be able to get approval.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. And a couple for John, housekeeping items. First, could you quantify the impact of the China facility on gross margins in the first quarter? Secondly, were there any legal or corporate expense or corporate reorg expenses absorbed in the first quarter? And then lastly, the $0.10 SDC equity gain in 2Q, just confirm, is that below the line?
John Morici: Well, I can answer that one first. Yes, that's below the line. That's the equity gain that we will have. And then the corporate restructuring costs, very small amount in Q1, it really started in Q2 and handles the rest of the rest of the year. And then in terms of the China gross margin or the impact on costs, I mean, we saw higher utilization in those plants, drives efficiencies and we see that come through to our bottom line. So as we described earlier, it starts in Q1 and it progresses through the year.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Brandon. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore. Please proceed.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, good afternoon. Could you talk a little bit about the feedback that you guys have received on the doctor-owned experience centers, now they're sort of switching over more to that strategy?
JoeHogan: Elizabeth, its Joe. We have about two of those out there right now. Feedback is good. I mean, we've had Invisalign stores out there for years, basically, and these are ones just dedicated Invisalign stores with brand and all. And feedback has been terrific, uptick has been good. So overall, it's a good place for us to invest.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. And if you, the new plan for sort of that growth going forward there, you don't anticipate sort of any major changes versus what you've been sort of seeing recently with those?
Joe Hogan: No, I think we'll just  we will continue with the pace that we've been going and there's a lot of interest out there. We're just working through it right now. But overall, the interest from an orthodontic standpoint has been extremely good and also from the GP practices.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Please proceed.
Steven Valiquette: Hi. Thanks, good afternoon. So I just have a question here around the Straumann settlement. The $35 million initial payment, I mean, that seems pretty straightforward. But for the extra non-binding part of the agreement, seems like the potential for Straumann to sell 5,000 extra iTero scanners would be much more positive for Align versus just receiving an extra $16 million from them. So I guess the questions are, first, do you agree or disagree with that? But then also, secondarily, just from the Straumann perspective, what would be the incentives for them to sell iTero instead of just paying you the $16 million? So just curious to get more color around this. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Well hey, Steve, it's Joe. First of all when you look at Straumann, they have their own internal scanner, but it really doesn't fit the broad application base that you need for both clear aligners and also for the restorative aspect of GP. So they primarily use 3Shape for those kind of scans today. So your comment about which is better, the $60 million or this. It's a good question. I mean, you have to assume with the 5,000 that they would sell will be 5,000 we can't sell. And, I mean, that's not necessarily true or a discrete variable in this whole equation. So, look, ideally, I think having the scanner sold by Straumann and having a good restorative workflow together would be helpful. But I wouldn't, it's not a live or die proposition. I feel we have good distribution in the marketplace. We have good coverage in three different regions and we'll be able to function well in either scenario.
Steven Valiquette: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt O'Brien with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Kevin Farshchi: Thanks for squeezing me in. This is Kevin on for Matt today. First one just quickly on iTero. Assume the seasonality in Q1, likely the low watermark there and assume the outlook for the sequential increase in Q2 that you provided, but can you put any numbers or a trend around the iTero growth for the second half of the year? The comps there are obviously difficult, but I assume you have a bigger specialized sales force just on that and then you're lapping some DSO partnerships.
John Morici: Yeah. Kevin, this is John. So good growth in Q1. What we expect is to be able to continue to, globally, be able to have more and more iTeros sold. We think it's a great scanner, new 5D and so on really contributes to that growth. But we've seen good growth so far. Really no change in what  in how we think about it for the total year, but it's going to continue to expand and work through as many doctors as possible.
Kevin Farshchi: Okay, sounds great. If I could squeeze one more in for Joe. It seems like the initiatives in Brazil are continuing to ramp up with those 3,000 docs trained and you've obviously been highly under index there historically as a percentage of Americas, despite it being a big market. Can you frame up that opportunity a little bit and talk about the type of revenue contribution you can get this year and in the coming years from that region? Is it upside to the plan? How do you think about that region? Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Well, I mean, I think it's in our plan for 2019 is already baked in there from a Brazil and Latin America standpoint. I could tell by your question, you do recognize the opportunity that we have in Latin America and also Brazil, given the focus on orthodontics in both of those regions. And look, your comment also, we were late to the game there. And that's why you see us making significant investments now in the sense of training doctors, putting people in place and building infrastructure there. So, we haven't broken out those numbers yet. When they really become material to the business, we will do that. But right now, we're not making any projections or specifics about it. But rest assured, as you know, this is a big opportunity for us, it's a good product at the right time and we feel we have good leadership there and good momentum.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks very much. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Michael Ryskin: Thanks for squeezing me in guys. Just two real quick ones. One on the mandibular advancement, it's been a few months now since it's been out in the States. And you mentioned that you saw a positive adoption response in 1Q. Could you go a little bit deeper? Did it show up materially in the numbers? Do you think it contributed and sort of how does it feel going into the ramp for the rest of the year?
John Morici: Hey, Mike. This is John. It certainly helps. It's a slow adoption. I mean, these are doctors that they just started trying some of these cases, they want to see and experience it for themselves to be able to see that it works in the way they want. So it's a slow rollout and adoption, but it gets that some of the key parts of our business that we want to grow, which is teen.
Michael Ryskin: Got it. I was just trying to get if that contributed to the North American ortho boost in the quarter. And then a quick follow on. The China fabrication facility you mentioned is still being underutilized, continues to ramp. Any thoughts for when you think you could hit full ramp or close to it? Is it later this year? Is it early 2020 just to give us a sense for how that moves through?
John Morici: Yes, Mike. This is John again. So we will see a progression and we saw a good improvement in Q1 and it will continue to improve as you utilize that facility more and more, but that will take the rest of this year.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Mike. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Newitter with SVB Leerink. Please proceed.
Jaime Morgan: Hi, this is Jaime on for Rich. Thanks for squeezing me in. I just wanted to circle back on competition. I know some of your competitors have recently launched more price favorable lines geared towards the GP channel. So I was wondering, if you're seeing  or running a little bit more in that channel? And then also just kind of a sense of the ortho channel as well as you're now several quarters into seeing some competition. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Jaime, it's Joe. Just a quick question for you, would you tell me who that competitor is with the price favorable lines of GP?
Jaime Morgan: I believe Henry Schein had been  they had launched a new product, geared...
Joe Hogan: Yes. We haven't really seen Schein, felt Schein in the marketplace at all. And we don't even know what their pricing is frankly. And so we really haven't had to respond to that piece. I think if you look at the marketplace, you'd say that ClearCorrect traditionally has been in that GP segment. They're obviously owned by Straumann now. Straumann has been taking them throughout that channel. But we really haven't felt a higher degree of competitive pressure since it is a piece either. So I just find your question interesting. I know there's a lot of speculation out there right now, but we don't necessarily feel that.  And remember, ClearCorrect always had a price favorable line from a GP standpoint. And we're basically being able to fight that with technology and coverage in the marketplace.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks for your question. We'll take one last question, operator.
Operator: Our last question is from Kevin Caliendo with UBS Investment Bank. Please proceed.
Kevin Caliendo: Hi, thanks for taking one last question. Appreciate it. Just any color around the doctors trained in the quarter? Noticed a sequential decline. There's always some seasonality to this, but just the number of docs trained was pretty meaningfully lower both O-US and in the Americas. Just any color around that.
John Morici: Hey Kevin, this is John. From a doctor's standpoint, Q1 is typically lower from a training standpoint. So things build as you go through the year and we saw that from Q4 to Q1, but nothing more. We want to work with doctors that want to come with cases and really get into being able to use more and more Invisalign. So, some of it's just the timing of making that all happen, but nothing more than that.
Kevin Caliendo: Great, thank you very much.
Operator:
Shirley Stacy: Well, thank you, everyone. This wraps up our first quarter conference call. If you have any follow-up questions, please follow up with Investor Relations. We hope you have a great day. We look forward to seeing you at future meetings.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Align Technology Q4 Full Year Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Shirley Stacy with Align. Thank you. Please begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is also being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern time on February 12. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial (877) 660-6853 with conference number 13685779 followed by #. International callers should dial (201) 612-7415, with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the first quarter and full year outlook for 2019. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our fourth quarter and full year 2018 conference call slides on our website, under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights in the fourth quarter and the full year, then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, Clear aligners and intraoral scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results, discuss our outlook for the first quarter and share our thoughts for 2019. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. Our fourth quarter was a strong finish to a great year. Q4 revenues were better than expected, reflecting higher Invisalign ASPs and volume growth of 31% year-over-year. As well as another record quarter for iTero scanners with revenue up 55% year-over-year. Q4 sequential growth was driven by a strong quarter for EMEA with record growth for teens as well as continued traction with Invisalign Lite and iGo. Q4 operating margin of 22.6% reflects higher doctor training and manufacturing costs as well as higher legal fees than anticipated, partially offset by sequential improvement in Invisalign ASPs. For the quarter, we trained a record 5,270 new doctors in Q4, which includes about 3,000 international doctors, of which, half were in EMEA and half were in APAC. For the year, we achieved record revenues of nearly $2 billion and had over 1.2 million people start treatment with Invisalign clear aligners for the first time, resulting in our 6 millionth Invisalign patient, a teenager from China. These results reflect record revenues and volumes for both Invisalign and iTero. Across customer channels and country markets and continued strength from teens, which grew 40%. The total number of teenagers treated with Invisalign this year was over 333,000, representing 27% of our volume. Finally, in 2018, we trained a record number of new Invisalign doctors, nearly 20,000 worldwide. And for the first time, more than half of them were international doctors. Now let's turn to the specifics around our fourth quarter results starting with the Americas region. For the Americas region, Q4 Invisalign case volume increased 21.7% year-over-year and was down sequentially off a record Q3 volumes, which benefited from strong uptake of promotions last quarter, predominantly by high-volume Invisalign doctors. On a sequential basis, Q4 reflects growth from the Americas GPs, offset by America's orthos, particularly high-volume doctors. Year-over-year growth for Q4 reflects continued adoption of Invisalign treatment from both orthodontist and GP channels, which were up 24.7% and 17.3%, respectively. We also saw good growth from our DSO partners across both GPs and orthos, up nearly 50% year-over-year. For the full year, Invisalign volume for the Americas region was up 24.2% compared to 2017. Americas orthos were up 27.2% and Americas GP dentists were up 19.8%, the second highest annual growth rate for orthos and the highest annual growth rate for GPs in 6 years. For Q4, we trained a record 2,290 new Invisalign doctors in the Americas region, of which, 1,725 were North American doctors and 565 were Latin American doctors. In total, we trained 7,885 new Invisalign doctors in the Americas in 2018, an increase of 19%. For international business, Q4 was a great quarter with Invisalign case volume up 12.2% sequentially, driven by strong growth in the EMEA region, offset somewhat by seasonality in the Asia Pacific region. On a year-over-year basis, strong Invisalign volume growth of 45.3% reflects increased utilization and continued expansion of our customer base in both EMEA and the Asia Pacific region. In Q4, we trained nearly 3,000 new Invisalign doctors internationally with roughly 50% in EMEA and 50% in APAC. In EMEA, Q4 was a strong quarter, up 42.7% year-over-year, driven by record Invisalign volumes in all country markets as well as strong growth in the teen segment, which is up 75.1% from the prior year, reflecting continued success of our Teen 360 program. For the full year, EMEA was up 38.6% led by Iberia, France and the U.K. as well as our key expansion markets led by Central and Eastern Europe. During 2018, we went direct in Turkey, Israel and Russia, adding to our expansion country markets. For APAC, Q4 was down sequentially as expected due to seasonality -- seasonally slower period in the region, up 49.3% year-over-year with record Invisalign volume in almost every country market led by China, Japan, ANZ. Q4 results reflect continued strong growth from teenage patients as well as adults, with GP dentists up 77.1% year-over-year. During Q4, we trained 1,530 new doctors in APAC, of which half were in China. We held several clinical education events across APAC designed to help increase doctor's confidence in adoption of Invisalign treatment, including how critical the iTero scanner is to practice growth. For the year, Invisalign volume from the international doctors increased 45% led by growth from China and our core EMEA country markets. In total, international volumes represented 41% of worldwide Invisalign case shipments. Despite our record results, we're still very clearly underpenetrated in APAC overall and specifically in China. As the second largest market for Align, China represents enormous growth potential, and our ability to expand and drive penetration across the region relies on our ability to be closer to doctors and their patients, communicate in local language and as much as possible, operate like a local company. Late in Q4, we began fabricating Invisalign aligners in our new manufacturing facility in Ziyang, China, our first aligner fabrication facility outside of Juarez, Mexico. There's a temporary facility that will be replaced by our own building in 2020. Over the next year, we will continue to build our manufacturing abilities in Ziyang and ramp up production to serve the rapidly growing Chinese market. However, it would take a couple of quarters to fully transition aligner production from Juarez to Ziyang, and we would expect manufacturing overhead in Ziyang to be underutilized during this period. Product and technology innovation continues to be a key growth driver across our regions. Over the past year, we launched several new Invisalign offerings for both comprehensive and non-comprehensive treatment to give doctors more tools and choices to treat a greater range of cases, from adults to teenagers and now even kids as young as 7 years old. In mid-2018, we launched a new Invisalign Go product with a more user-friendly iTero digital chair-side experience and greater flexibility to treat a wider range of mild to moderate cases such as crowded or gapped teeth that require teeth straightening prior to restorative treatments. We also began offering Invisalign First, designed specifically to address a broad range of younger patients' malocclusions, including shorter clinical crowns, management of erupting dentition and predictable dental arch expansion. We're pleased with the initial uptake and customer feedback. In 2018, we shipped nearly 5,000 Invisalign First cases to over 1,300 doctors, primarily in North America, EMEA, Australia and New Zealand, and Japan. And in October, we received FDA approval for Invisalign with mandibular advancement feature in the U.S., which is the only clear aligner product approved to simultaneously move teeth and the mandible in young patients. In Q4, we began shipping mandibular advancement in the U.S. Late in the quarter, we are seeing initial uptake along with continued ramp globally. To date, over 17,000 teenagers have used Invisalign treatment with mandibular advancement, led by China, Canada, France and Spain. Overall for the teen market, in Q4, over 87,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 37.3% year-over-year, driven by continued strong adoption across all major regions, driven by both the Americas and EMEA regions. For Q4, year-over-year Invisalign teen patient growth for North America orthos increased 23.7% and international doctors were up 63.7%. For the full year, total teen cases worldwide grew 40.3% to a total of 333,000 teenagers, or 27.1% of our total volume. Our consumer marketing efforts are designed to build the category and drive demand for Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. We invest over $100 million each year in consumer marketing and programs, including TV, digital, social media, PR, event marketing and more recently, our patient concierge and Invisalign Experience program. Our goals are to make the Invisalign brand a household name worldwide and to motivate consumers to seek Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. In Q4, we continue to see strong digital engagement with consumers and had nearly 4 million unique visitors on invisalign.com sites for a total of 17 million over the year. Other key metrics show increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand and are included in our fourth quarter slides. The impact of the digital technology on our world and specifically in our industry is challenging our customers to evolve just about every aspect of their practice, especially how they engage with consumers and turn them into patients. What worked for doctors in the past from a marketing, conversion or workflow perspective will not work today. Consumers expect more and are demanding different types of digital-driven expenses. Many doctors don't know where and how to start. The work we are doing with our integrated consumer marketing platform, patient concierge service, and Invisalign Experience program has given us better insights and information that we're sharing with doctors to help them reshape their practices. For example, the Invisalign Experience program is designed to reach consumers in a retail environment where they shop, play and dine and educate them on the benefits of Invisalign treatment and value of getting a better smile and connect them with an Invisalign doctor. One of the ways we do this is through the Invisalign store, which is owned and operated by Align. Invisalign stores bring the brand directly to consumers in a contemporary, interactive digital environment. Consumers can browse, ask questions, learn about Invisalign treatment and technology, and the benefits of straightening their teeth. Visitors are offered a complimentary iTero intraoral 3D scan and a visual simulation of what their smile might look like after Invisalign treatment. Interested consumers are connected with a local Invisalign doctor's office of their choice to discuss potential treatment options. By the end of 2018, we finished with 12 locations in the United States, and these stores are helping us learn more than ever about reducing barriers to treatment for potential patients so that they are excited about getting a better smile with an Invisalign doctor. In addition to providing potential leads to participating Invisalign practices, we're also seeing a positive halo effect and increased growth rates for all of the Invisalign practices in the surrounding area, whether they participate in the store network or not. Over the past year, more than 55,000 consumers visited Invisalign store and nearly 10,000 received a complementary scan. While we are still early in the development of our Invisalign stores and the overarching Invisalign Experience program, we're excited about its potential and the positive impact we can have on demand creation for Invisalign practices by engaging directly with consumers. The Invisalign Experience program is just getting started and continues to evolve. In October, we announced that we're partnering with a few Invisalign doctors in selected U.S. cities to pilot new ways to reach consumers and connect them directly with doctors to start Invisalign treatment. These Invisalign Experience locations are owned and operated by doctors under a special license from Align and are intended to help doctors integrate consumer friendly design and consultation workflow into their practices and test new Invisalign Experience branding and explore a consumer focused approach to consultations and Invisalign treatments starts in a variety of settings, including in-office, retail and mobile. We'll continue to share our learnings as we get more of these pilots up and running. Finally, I want to spend a few minutes talking about digital technology and the transformation in our industry from an old analog process to an end-to-end digital workflow. Align is helping doctors on their digital journey, which starts with an iTero scanner and ends with stronger practices and better smiles for their patients. As a leader in digital orthodontics, we are best positioned to help Invisalign-trained doctors find more efficient ways to drive digitalization in their practices and support those practices and to help them improve their productivity over time. To that end, last year, we launched project [PNO] we now call -- we have renamed it ADAPT, Align digital and practice transformation, with several small orthodontic clinics across EMEA, APAC and North America with the objective to demonstrate that a fully digital practice can be productive, efficient and profitable. Process involves detailed analysis of the current practice data and workflows performed by experts and continuous improvement in workflow. While it's still early, the initial results from the ADAPT study are incredibly promising. Based upon the study on practice development, we've come to the conclusion that the benefit fully from technology and to own the digital transformation of their practices, doctors need to organize their workflows and premises so that approximately 80% of their organization is built around this digital transformation with clear aligners. This means that doctors who commit to digital transformation had the potential to do more, see more patients and expand their practice or take more time off. Whatever their goals, with Invisalign plus iTero together, we can help them see the benefits they want from a fully end-to-end digital workflow. For iTero scanner and services business, Q4 was a very strong quarter with better-than-expected revenues, which were up 13% sequentially and 54.8% year-over-year, driven by strength in all regions and customer channels. Record Q4 volumes reflect continued commercialization of the iTero 2 Element and Element Flex scanners, especially for restorative GP dentists in North America, the continued rollout of our major DSO partners and increased sales internationally, including Italy, Japan and China, where we began manufacturing the iTero Element this past year. For 2018, we had an outstanding year for iTero scanners with volumes up 77.2% year-over-year. Cumulatively, over 11.5 million orthodontic scans and 3.2 million restorative scans have started with iTero scanners. Use of the iTero scanners for Invisalign case submission continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q4, total Invisalign cases submitted with digital scanner in the Americas increased 72.6% from 65.3% in Q4 last year. International scans increased 57.5%, up 41.4% in the same quarter last year. What's really exciting to see is that within the Americas, 88.7% of cases submitted by North American orthos were submitted digitally. In China, it went from 0 to 45.9% in 1 year. This means that within 1 year or 2, nearly all Invisalign cases will be submitted digitally, primarily through an iTero scanner. We're very excited about the continued progress we've made with iTero business overall, and remain confident that will continue to help drive our overall growth and help increase adoption of Invisalign treatment. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q4 financial results. Total revenue for the fourth quarter was $534 million, up 5.7% from the prior quarter and up 26.7% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. For the full year, revenue of about $2 billion was up 33.5% year-over-year, reflecting a record 1.2 million Invisalign shipments and 31.9% year-over-year growth, with strength across all regions and customer channels as well as record iTero scanners volume, which was up 77.2%. For clear aligners, Q4 revenue of $445.6 million was up 4.3% sequentially on higher-than-expected Invisalign ASPs and strong Invisalign volume from EMEA. Year-over-year clear aligner revenue growth of 22.4% reflected strong Invisalign shipment across all customer channels and geographies. Q4 Invisalign ASPs were up sequentially by approximately $5 to $1,235, reflecting price increases and lower discounts, partially offset by higher growth on non-comprehensive cases and includes a $10 of unfavorable foreign exchange. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 Invisalign ASPs were down approximately $70, reflecting promotional discounts, higher growth on non-comprehensive cases and includes $25 of unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by price increases. Total Q4 Invisalign shipments of 333,800 cases were up 4.5% sequentially and up 30.9% year-over-year. For Americas orthodontists, Q4 Invisalign case volume was slightly lower than our Q4 outlook, primarily due to longer cycle times in Latin America, and was down 2.9% sequentially and up 24.7% year-over-year. For Americas GP dentists, Invisalign case volume was up 3.2% sequentially and up 17.3% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 12.2% sequentially and up 45.3% year-over-year. Our scanner and services revenue for the fourth quarter was $88.4 million, up 13% sequentially due to volume increases in Americas and EMEA. Year-over-year revenue was up 54.8%, primarily due to higher scanner units across regions. Moving on to gross margin. Fourth quarter overall gross margin was 71.7%, down 1.9 points sequentially and down 3.8 points year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 74.1%, down 1.2 points sequentially, primarily due to higher number of aligners per case, higher freight cost, reflecting faster international growth, higher training cost due to more doctors trained in the quarter and manufacturing spend driven by operational expansion in China, which was partially offset by slightly higher Invisalign ASPs. Clear aligner gross margin was down 3.5 points year-over-year, primarily due to higher number of cases per -- aligners per case, lower ASPs, higher training costs and freight charges and regional expansion of our manufacturing-related activities in China and EMEA. Scanner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 59.9%, down 4 points sequentially and down 2.1 points year-over-year, primarily due to manufacturing and freight costs and lower ASP. Q4 operating expenses were $262.6 million, up sequentially 6.5% and up 26.1% year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating expenses primarily reflects our continued investment in sales and R&D activities along with higher legal, consulting expenses, partially offset by seasonally lower advertising spending. Year-over-year, the increase in operating expenses reflects higher spending commensurate with growth. Our fourth quarter operating income was $120.5 million, down 3.8% sequentially and up 9.9% year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating income is primarily attributed to lower gross margin and higher operating expenses as mentioned earlier. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in operating income primarily reflects higher revenue offset by higher sales and marketing, R&D, legal/consulting spending and unfavorable foreign exchange. Our fourth quarter operating margin was 22.6%, down 2.2 points sequentially and down 3.4 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating margin is primarily due to lower gross margin, as mentioned earlier. On a year-over-year basis, the decrease in operating margin is primarily due to lower gross margin as described earlier and about 0.5 points impact from unfavorable foreign exchange. With regards to fourth quarter tax provision, our tax rate was [8.5%] [18.5%], which includes approximately $1.9 million in excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $1.20, down $0.04 sequentially and up $1.07 compared to the prior year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of the fourth quarter, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short and long-term investments, were $744.5 million, an increase of approximately $131.3 million from the prior quarter, which is primarily due to higher cash flow from operations. Of our $744.5 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $432.5 million was held in the U.S. and $312 million was held by our international entities. Q4 accounts receivable balance was $439 million, up approximately 4.5% sequentially. Our overall day sales outstanding was 74 days, down 1 day sequentially and up 5 days as of Q4 last year. Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $241.3 million, up $79 million compared to the prior year. Free cash flow for the quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $187 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $54.3 million, primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner capacity and facilities. During Q4, we repurchased $50 million of stock against our stock buyback authorizations and have $500 million still available for repurchase under the May 2018 repurchase program. Before we move to the Q1 outlook, I would like to make a few comments on our full year 2018 results. In 2018, we shipped a record 1.2 million Invisalign cases, up 31.9%. This reflects 45% volume growth for our international doctors and 24.2% volume growth from our Americas doctors. Shipments of our iTero scanner were up 77.2% versus 2017. Total revenue was a record $2 billion, up 33.5% year-over-year with Invisalign revenues of $1.7 billion. Full year operating income of $466.7 million, up 31.9% versus 2017 and operating margin at 23.7%. Free cash flow was $331.4 million. For the year, we repurchased 1.1 million shares of Align stock for $300 million. 2018 diluted earnings per share was $4.92. With that, let's turn to our Q1 outlook and the factors that inform our view, starting with the demand outlook. For international, we expect Q1 to be up sequentially as the EMEA market maintains momentum from Q4 and APAC is seasonally flat sequentially as some markets observe the Lunar New Year holiday. For Americas, we expect Q1 to also increase sequentially with strong growth from North America orthos and a slight increase in North America GPs. We expect Latin America to be down sequentially given this is their summer holiday season. We expect our iTero business to be down slightly from a record Q4, consistent with seasonal trends and capital equipment market. And we continue to expect minimal volume for SmileDirectClub. With this as a backdrop, we expect the first quarter to shape up as follows. Invisalign's case volume is expected to be in a range of 340,000 to 345,000 cases, up approximately 25% to 27% year-over-year. We expect Q1 revenues to be in the range of $525 million to $535 million, reflecting increased volume and flat ASPs versus Q4 2018. We expect Q1 gross margin to be in the range of 70.3% to 71%, reflecting our higher start-up costs in China and increased doctor training expenses. We expect Q1 operating expenses to meet a range of $290 million to $294 million, which reflects our sales force expansion and increased legal expenses. Q1 operating margin should be in a range of 15.1% to 16.1%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 16%, which is higher than 2018 due to nondeductible officer stock compensation based on recent IRS guidance and our lower stock price. We expect approximately $3 million to $4 million equity loss related to our share of SmileDirectClub's net losses. And diluted shares outstanding should be approximately $80.9 million, exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q1 diluted earnings per share to be in a range of $0.78 to $0.84. In addition, as we continue our operational expansion efforts, we expect CapEx for Q1 to be approximately $60 million to $65 million. And we expect depreciation and amortization to be $19 million to $20 million. Now let me turn to our view for the full year 2019, notwithstanding the impact of foreign exchange rates. We expect total revenue growth for the company, Invisalign and iTero, to be in the middle range of our long-term operating model of 20% to 30%. We anticipate Invisalign ASPs to be flat from Q4 2018, reflecting continued growth from international regions, increased share of the teen segment and uptake of non-comprehensive products. We anticipate Invisalign volume to be in the middle of the range of our long-term model target of 20% to 30%. We anticipate gross margin and operating margin to improve over the course of the year. We anticipate gross margin to approach our long-term model target of 73% to 78% by Q4. We will continue to fuel growth globally and expect to invest in international and operational expansion as well as sales and marketing initiatives, including nearly 100 new sales reps in Americas hired at the end of Q4 and additional GP sales reps in EMEA beginning in Q1. These investments also include continued litigation expenses to protect our intellectual property and extend our competitive advantage. Given our continued growth and expansion internationally, during the year, we intend to reorganize our corporate structure and intercompany relationships to more closely align with the international nature of our business activities. The proposed corporate structure may also allow us to obtain financial and operational efficiencies after they are implemented. As a result, we will incur expenses in the near-term and expect to realize the related benefits in subsequent years. We expect our operating margin for the second half to be in a long-term model of 25% to 30%. For the full year, we anticipate operating margin to be below our long-term target as it includes approximately 1.5 to 2 points impact from increased legal fees and the planned corporate structure reorganization. We expect equity loss for our investment in SmileDirectClub to be $3 million to $4 million per quarter. We expect our tax rate for 2019 to be approximately 24%, which includes about $8 million of excess tax benefits. 2019 tax rate is higher than 2018 primarily due to a release of unrecognized tax benefits that will not repeat. We expect our earnings power in the second half of the year to be stronger than the first half with second half operating results to account for somewhere in the range of 50% to 55% of our full year results. We expect capital expenditures for 2019 to be in the range of $250 million to $260 million. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John, and thanks to those who joined our call today. Overall, 2018 was a great year for Align, and I'm very pleased with the strong performance for Invisalign and iTero across all key regions, customers channels and products. This year, not only do we celebrate our 21st year in business, we also achieved several major milestones, including our 6 millionth Invisalign patient and $2 billion in revenue for the first time. It took nearly 20 years to reach our first $1 billion in sales and only 2 years to reach our second billion dollars. We also delivered in our strategic growth drivers with new product and technology innovation, expansion of our manufacturing and treatment planning operations, and raising awareness of Invisalign treatment with consumers and engaging with them in more innovative ways than ever before. As I step back and look ahead to 2019 and beyond, I want to reinforce the importance of the investments we're making to drive growth globally. The underlying opportunity for doctors and their patients is expanding based on digital technology that Align has spent over 21 years developing. And while we have a huge amount of accumulated expertise and knowledge in digital technology and orthodontics, we have to ensure that we have the capabilities to further expand and regionalize our operations, extend our competitive lead and protect our business from companies willing to take shortcuts with respect to intellectual property. It is incumbent upon us to drive the transition to a fully digital workflow and continue to deliver new products and services that not only benefit Invisalign doctors but their patients and consumers alike. Following our Ortho Summit in November, I met with hundreds of Invisalign doctors and their staff, I had the opportunity to travel to our regional kickoff meetings and connect with Align team members at every level of our organization to hear their detailed plans of their upcoming year. While I spent more of my time at the Americas kickoff because of my interim role as the Americas leader, I can say unequivocally that across the company, the excitement and level of engagement surrounding our business and market opportunity was palpable. Overall, the demand profile globally is solid and nothing we see in the environment suggest otherwise. We're running the place we know and are confident we can bring greater efficiencies, economies of scale and know that adding sales, training to get closer to customers in local markets creates sustainable competitive advantage. Finally, as most of you know, one of the key orthodontic journals in North America is the Journal of Clinical Orthodontics, and they often flip through it and ask why there aren't more clear aligners profiled. This week, I was caught off guard when I opened the December issue and found it dedicated entirely to clear aligner therapy. Bob Keim is the editor of the JCO and has been to many of our Invisalign Summits. In meetings with him and reading his editorials, I knew he supported Invisalign treatment and clear aligners in general, but it was never clear to me today extent he believed in clear aligner technology as we've seen in the most recent issue of the JCO, especially the editor's column, "The End of Braces?" If you haven't had a chance to read the JCO, you should. Bob could not take a stronger position for clear aligners. He acknowledges that he may take some flak for being so bold, but I believe his strong endorsement is a major breakthrough for Align and digital orthodontics. With that, I want to thank you, again for joining our call. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. We'll see many of you in Chicago Midwinter Meeting next month as well as industry and financial conferences throughout the year. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks for the questions. I guess, just to start on ASPs. Joe, could you maybe talk through the progression of ASPs that you saw over the quarter? On a worldwide basis, certainly seems like you guys were able to stabilize ASPs in 4Q relative to 3Q and looking at the implied guidance from 1Q, seems like that's expected to continue, and in the full year, you're calling for that to be at the kind of level we should look for. So I guess, just how did they progress throughout 4Q? And then just related to that, what are the major pushes and pulls as you think about ASPs over the course of '19?
Joseph Hogan: Bob, that's a big question, but I'll make it simple, okay? We had an issue in the third quarter in the Americas with our Advantage Program that I think kicked off this ASP concern. As we said, we retracted that $300 that we offered on teens and also adults at that point in time. After that, basically, out ASPs are what they normally are, in the sense of mixes and matches across the spectrum of EMEA in different places. So I mean, that's the total -- you want to talk about we have an exchange hit this quarter also but again, I think we prepared you for that in the last quarter. So overall, the only change is we didn't have an advantage issue in the third quarter as in the fourth quarter.
Robert Jones: Yes. I guess just to follow on, on that, Joe. I mean, I think the question really is as you think about '19, obviously, those programs go away. I guess, the expectation looks like here in the slides that you're still thinking that it's going to be flat to the 4Q levels. So just trying to understand a little bit better what could move the ASPs up over the course of the year as we think about some of the things that hopefully, would not reoccur in '19 what happened in '18.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, John will jump in on this.
John Morici: Bob, this is John. So the couple of positive mix that we talk a lot about, the international growth, we continue to see strong growth internationally. Mandibular advancement in the U.S. contributes overall to our team growth, which are comprehensive cases and those help. And we are also seeing growth on the comprehensive side. So we think those three, we've seen some balance and that's what we would expect for 2019.
Robert Jones: Great. And then I guess just as a follow-up from me, John, while I have you. If you think about the margin outlook for the year, it looks like you guys are calling for the growth in operating margins to get into the long-term ranges in the back half. Just at a high level, I guess, how much visibility and control do you guys have over that trajectory into the back half of '19 around the margins?
John Morici: Yes, Bob. It really starts with some of the manufacturing efficiencies that we expect to get as we start to ramp up in China and continue to ramp up with our treatment planning. We'll see that continue to ramp as we move through the year. We have other products and programs that will also help us from a mix standpoint as well. So we feel really good about how we're -- how we view the year and the expectation of margin improvement throughout the year.
Robert Jones: Thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, good afternoon. I was wondering if you could talk to us a little bit more about the reorganization expenses. Are you sort of thinking of those on an ongoing basis or more onetime? I guess, my question stems in part because I was wondering if you were thinking about perhaps potentially backing those out of your 2019 results?
John Morici: Elizabeth, this is John. This is a onetime. I mean, it's -- as the company expands and grows internationally, it's looking at some of the efficiencies that we can gain through that change. And we report numbers on a GAAP basis. We'll continue to do so, but we'll give you highlights as the year goes on as update.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess, also could you just talk a little bit more about the sales investments that you guys are making into the Americas in terms of any particular details you could provide on that? That will be helpful.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Elizabeth. It's Joe. Look, in Americas, we're still really underpenetrated in the marketplace, particularly on the GP segment, and so we decided we'd add 100 salespeople. We feel really good about that investment giving us good short-term returns. We've done this before almost in every cycle since I've been here. It's a play we know how to run, and we know the importance of it overall. So don't look at it as an anomaly. It's just a continuation of building out our sales force and taking advantages of some of the man out there. Elizabeth, I'll also tell you. It's a high touch thing. You have to touch doctors in this business to drive sales. It's really -- and it -- this doesn't happen on itself. It's -- there's a constant touch to it. So we're really aware of that. Often, our treatment is much different than what these doctors have done before. Our salespeople, we train them well clinically but also from a business standpoint so that they can talk about clinically how to use a product line but also from a business standpoint how you integrate it into the practice. So adding salespeople is really important.
Elizabeth Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Block with Stifel. Please proceed.
Jonathan Block: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. I think the paranoia is going to sort of move from ASPs to volumes and margins tomorrow. So maybe on the margin side, John, for '19, you mentioned expectations to be below your long-term op margin goal of 25% to 30%. Specifically, you called out 150 to 200 bps from increased legal fees in the reorg. So a couple of questions there. Is that reorg all specific to '19? And then if we were to normalize for the 150 to 200 bps, would your '19 op margin approach the lower band of your long-term 25% to 30% goal? And then I got a quicker follow-up.
John Morici: Yes, that's the right way to look at it, Jon. So this is 2019 expenses. And these expenses, we think we would have been in the long-term range that we have of 25% to 30% if we didn't have these expenses.
Jonathan Block: Okay. One question, short answer. I'll take it. And then maybe, Joe, for you, on the vols. Just any more color. I mean, any thoughts on the North American ortho weakness? I do have a hard time believing that all the weakness was Latin America just looking at the size of that business. But anything more North American ortho weakness? Is this a pause before mandibular and Invisalign First greater hold in 2019? And maybe, if you don't mind, any thoughts on what MAF and First could contribute to North America this year? Thanks, guys.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Jon, look, I - the America's growth this year, I know we had the blip in the third quarter overall, but 2018 is a good year for us. If you look at the last 6 years, this is actually the second highest growth profile we've had. America's growth is about 17% on an average over those 6 years. The orthos grew -- this is the only -- this is the second -- from a percentage standpoint, best year we've had from an ortho standpoint. What happened between the third and fourth quarter, again, we think it was a -- that I mentioned on my opening, was the uptake that we have at that Advantage Program in the third quarter. And that was repeated in the fourth quarter, and we think we have this quarter-over-quarter kind of discrepancy. GP is at an all-time high from a growth standpoint overall. And then obviously, from a Brazil standpoint, too, it's starting to become material in the sense of the size of that business, and we're looking for good contributions this year. So Jon, I hope I'm answering your question. But I'd say then if you look at the volume overall, you see how strong EMEA has been. The expansion of EMEA, in the areas like Turkey and Russia and in the Middle East, has been important to us. But also France is growing well. Spain has been strong. Italy came back. We saw it. We've had great success with Go in -- with the GPs out of the U.K. but also in Germany, too. So we really feel great about that region. And then APAC, again, we see strength. We've seen strength in China. We see strength in APAC overall. Japan's growth has been phenomenal. And then bleed that in with our iTero growth, too, that you see across the spectrum. Overall, we feel good about volume.
Jonathan Block: Okay, fair enough. Thanks for your time guys,
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just a couple of housekeeping items, John, in terms of the fourth quarter. Could you quantify the impact in Latin America from the longer cycle times? And you expect that to normalize in the first quarter? And then in terms of the fourth quarter OpEx, it looks like it was about $12 million above your guidance, which is very atypical and unusual. Can you point us to the areas of spend that -- or perhaps accelerated or brought you in above your plan?
John Morici: Yes. So for the fourth quarter in Latin America, I mean, it's a growing business, as Joe said, and it's a couple of thousand cases that were kind of in transition on a -- from -- right at the end of the fourth quarter. And then as far as spend, were you specifically talking about spend in fourth quarter or compared to the guide in the first quarter?
Brandon Couillard: Yes, the fourth quarter OpEx relative to your guidance.
John Morici: Yes. We saw added litigation expenses as we've been going -- as a part of our process that we have on the legal side. There's some added costs that we're showing there. And as Joe said, we added some salespeople, and some of that, those hires and those expenses came into fourth quarter. But we wanted people on the ground and ready to be able to sell and give us volume as soon as possible into 2019. So some of those costs hit there as well.
Brandon Couillard: And coming back to ASPs for 2019. It would seem to imply that worldwide ASPs for the year would be down about 3% year-over-year. I understand currency is probably half of that. Mix is another dynamic. But would it be your expectation that promotional activity would be sort of consistent year-over-year? Or is there some cushion built-in perhaps for more, I guess, promo activity in '19 relative to last year?
John Morici: I would say there's nothing that specifically that we're looking at additional promotions or others. We look at the business as various products and new products that come out, changes that we make. We look at promotions to better drive volume and drive uptake across the regions. So they vary by region, but nothing out of the ordinary. And we were pleased to see where ASPs finished and have a good expectation of -- given the positive growth internationally, the positive growth that we see on teens, and we're seeing strong non-comprehensive growth. All that taking into account keeps us flat for ASPs.
Brandon Couillard: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, good afternoon, Thanks for time here. I wanted to focus on how you thought about incorporating any potential contribution from the sales force additions in the outlook for 2019. If I think back to -- in past years where there had been substantial adds to the sales force, something like 6 months after those [pit] hit the Street, we saw a benefit. So in 2019, are you modeling in any benefit from these rep adds that you may have already? If so, can you give us a sense for how big those might be? And I'm just curious. As we think about the outlook for the year, let's call it 25% on volumes, 25%, 27% in the first quarter, it just doesn't look like there's any anticipation of acceleration or benefit from those hires.
John Morici: Yes, Steve. This is John. Yes, 6 months to 9 months is kind of the range you would expect to really start seeing those salespeople that you add once they're fully trained and have their territories and kind of hit. So we should see an acceleration in the second half given the adds that we have. And as we see, we factored in into our guide as much as we can see now based on those adds.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. And then I would agree with the comment that was made earlier about where the paranoia is going to shift. And so I just wanted, given in part in response to the many e-mails I've gotten here in the last 45 minutes or so, give you a chance to just comment on your thinking on competition. Is there any sign of competition being relevant in the field that you can pick out at this point or still the view that it's just not material, not something that people ought to be thinking about?
Joseph Hogan: Steve, it's Joe. We -- obviously, we're seeing Ormco down in ANSI, and I think we saw recent announcement that they are going to kind of pace themselves as they go through 2019. I think you're seeing the same thing out of 3M, too. So honestly, we know you guys do surveys, and we read your surveys. We do our own or whatever. We know some of the docs out there trying these product lines. And we have access to some of the software that's going on out there and the product lines that they're representing or whatever. But I don't want to -- I don't diminish it. But as far as 2019 goes, we're not thinking about any major competitive issues that we're going to face in any of our key areas or key geographies right now. We think this will take some time for them to ramp. We've talked about this before. This business is not easy. You have to be able to hit on a lot of cylinders. You got to have a good sales force that touches the customers and can make that doctor feel really strong about the product line. Secondly, you have to have really good treatment planning and consistent treatment planning that can deliver. And third, you got to have an operation organization that can deliver these things in sequence and on time and on high quality. And putting those things together is difficult. And so 2019, we're not factoring in a huge amount of what we think is competitive pressure.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay, got. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Erin Wright: Hey, thanks. A couple of international ones here. I guess, can you speak to the dynamics in terms of fundamental demand trends in China given the broader macro dynamics? And could you also speak to the competitive landscape and how that's evolving there? And then also on Brazil, just as you build out that market, any sort of surprises there that you're seeing in the broader traction in Brazil?
Joseph Hogan: Yes. Erin, it's Joe. From a China standpoint, look, our demand there has been great. I think as I talked about in my opening, it's a really underpenetrated marketplace. And so -- and there's a lot of demand for our product lines. So our manufacturing investments we're making there, our treatment planning, all those things that make us a local company, we think will allow us to really penetrate that market at a higher rate. So look, I mean, we're not numb to the international scene right now, where people are concerned about China demand. We don't have anything to report right now that would say that we have a diminishing or a paranoia over China demand as we go into 2019. As far as competition over there, Erin, Angela Align is the most credible competitor that we have there. I would say that Angel has really focused on kind of Tier 3 cities in areas of China where we really focused on in the first 5 years or so of our logistics in China in Tier 1 or two cities, and moved into Tier 3. We don't feel that Angel is throttling our growth there at all. They are a fast follower. We see them in different areas that come after us. But we -- there's not a whole lot of head-to-head competition we feel right now, and I think that reflects not a whole lot about Angel being either good or bad. It just reflects the size of this marketplace and the investments you have to make in the sales force, how you really have to service that marketplace. There's a lot of work that you have to do. The channels just don't exist right now in the sense that you have to build those channels and really make them viable. So right now, we consider them a competitor and our largest competitor, I'd say, in the world, in the sense of a number of clear aligners that they supply. We don't look at them right now as slowing us down in China. And the Brazil surprise. I'd say that the surprises were always in Brazil. It's the Incredible uptake of our product line there. You saw the 1,300 doctors that we've trained there recently. They're so excited about the product line. It's -- we talked about Spain often in the sense of the uptick of our product in Spain and the growth there. We see the same kind of enthusiasm and the same kind of, what I would call, Latin enthusiasm for what our product can do and really bring to that area. So we look to make major investments there and increasing our sales force and our presence in the Brazilian area. We really feel good about Brazil from a standpoint of future growth of our product aligner.
Erin Wright: Okay. Great. And a broader question on promotional activity. I'm just curious kind of what other promotional activity could you implement that isn't necessarily prized-driven, whether the co-marketing arrangements or other types of incentives. Is this something that it is in your game plan for 2019 or something that you're planning?
Joseph Hogan: Erin, there's no lack of creativity in our commercial forces as promotions go, so there's a lot of adult supervision that we have to supply as we do those things. And what -- you can look at our [Adapt] program as a good one. That's a program where we're trying to take doctors to 80% Invisalign and really demonstrate, as I mentioned in my opening, is that when you get to a digital practice, when you get to 80%, first of all, no one goes back, no one goes back to wires and brackets. You really set a precedent that you have control over your practice. You don't have 30% of your cases resulting in emergencies. Doctors aren't spending 45 minutes a day with patients. It's just a much -- but you have to get to 80% to make that work. We'll continue to put money into that. That's not like a promotional program that we would offer at a lower price. That's just a program we work with docs that really want to get there. There's always promotional programs that we do that we offer aligners to staff at orthos that are starting up with us or also with GPs or whatever so that they can understand the product and have that experience and be able to communicate that well to patients. They come into the practice. Those are ongoing promotions that we do in all 3 geographies, too. We do have seasonal promotions at times in different countries at different areas. But I'd say that we have a -- this is outside of the third quarter issue obviously we reported on kind of ad nauseam over the last 6 months. We have a good handle right now on what promotions that we'll offer throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ravi Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ravi Misra: Hi. Thank you for taking the question. So I wanted to get into the kind of the gross margin outlook in the commentary that you were providing. Can you help us understand maybe what the pushes and takes are between the 1Q guidance and kind of the 4Q guidance ramp? And especially in terms of what's that fixed overhead that's strapped there, kind of the ball park? Is that somewhere around $10 million, $15 million a quarter right now that's annualized into your COGS on that that's going to fall off once the China sales ramp?
John Morici: Yes. Ravi, it's John. It's not that high. But when we think of our operation that we've had to date, really it's been a -- it's treatment planning in Costa Rica, and it's been manufacturing in Mexico. We are now -- as we've been expanding our treatment planning and now expanding out to China manufacturing, it's -- we want volume. We want to better push volume through those centers and get as much productivity as possible. So as we see some of the volume in -- the margin impact in the fourth quarter, that continues a bit into the fourth quarter. But as that volume comes through and as you don't have to add as much overhead, you see more and more productivity to be able to come through those whether the treatment planning or the China manufacturing. And so we expect to see this kind of quarter-over-quarter of improvement through 2019 as we get more and more productive at these facilities.
Ravi Misra: So it sounds like that's really going to be led by a step-up in the clear aligner gross margin versus the scanners?
John Morici: Yes, definitely. When you look at kind of where we're seeing that volume leverage as we expand out globally, it'll be on the clear aligners side, and we should see that progress through the year.
Ravi Misra: Right. And then maybe just 2 more questions. Just on the -- one on the orthodontics and then another kind of just on the consultations through the Invisalign brand experience. So just on the orthodontics step-down. I'm curious. That's the first time in, gosh, I think about 12, 14 quarters. I've seen that number stepped down. Any kind of impact -- I know you're saying that the impact from Ormco. 3M was kind of limited. But how about some of the other direct-to-consumer manufacturers there? Is that playing into that at all? And in the sense that, that end-user volume might actually be going down? And then second, you talked about the 85 -- I think the 85,000 people that have visited the store and gotten a consult. What's the conversion rate on that? Are those getting scans to actually becoming consumers of your product?
Joseph Hogan: Ravi, Joe again. From a standpoint of Americas and orthodontics standpoint, again, I'll tell you we had our second best year in history following from the standpoint of overall orthodontic growth. When you talk about SDC, my feeling on SDC is they don't really take orthodontic cases. Remember, the normal orthodontist in the United States is 75% to 80% teen. You won't see many teens being done by SDC, and so those cases would primarily come out of GPs. Adults, kind of simple cases that are going on. As I mentioned, we had our highest GP sales rate ever in North America in 2018. So neither of those dimensions do I think that we or experience competition enthralling the business in some way whether it will affect us in 2019. As far as the Invisalign stores and the scan ratios, all those things, look, we just -- we're still working through this as well. We haven't released that information from an overall standpoint yet, and at some point in time when we think we're ready and we really have that ironed out. And I'd say that, Ravi, not that we're hiding anything. It's just we found that when you look at CCAs, we call it clear order in this business, this can take anywhere from 4 to 6 months to 7 months to really iron itself out. We see patients going and get scanned. And then there's a huge halo effect because when we do this local advertising, it benefits not just the doctors in the program but also in a broader sense, any doctor that's within that 10-mile or 15-mile range. So when we're really -- when we're ready to report this, we'll report it in a broad sense to that halo effect, the whole, what you talked about, the conversion rate and also what that means from a timing standpoint, okay?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed.
John Kreger: Thanks. Joe, a few times on the call, I think you talk about your view that it's sort of critical to get your customers to really make the digital conversion of their practices. Can you just talk a bit more about what that really means? And is that an expense on your part? Obviously, it's got some positive implications for volumes if and when it happens. But what are the sort of practical implications of getting an ortho practice to make that transition? Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: John, that's a good question. There's 3 key parameters, right, is first of all, there's extended payment terms that you have to deal with. Because when you go with a clear aligner product versus wires and brackets, their cost overall are about 4x from a variable cost standpoint of which you'd have with wires and brackets. So you just have to get ready for that cash play and try in some way to extend those kinds of payments. Secondly, you have to look at their workflows. Because when you really go to a full digital practice, it changes completely really. We find out in our [Adapt] program that you need fewer chairs but you'd need more consultation rooms to put people in, to show them simulations, to talk them through what it would be. With no emergency cases, it completely redefines in the sense of how a day goes in a doctor's office. It's not 30% of the time are people scrambling around trying to find someone that can fix something to occur with wires and brackets in some way. And then third is a demand component, is you're going to have to drive more demand within that practice, which Invisalign does. And so obviously, with $100 million spend that we do a year in attracting patients and moving them into doctors, how we pipe those patients into doctors, how they prepare themselves for both teens and adults to do that. So it's on those 3 dimensions. And John, specifically on the Adapt program, we're just going through that program right now and how we'll offer that to customers and whether it will cost to actually do that to customers at that point. And after we've done probably 5 to 8 of these and have them complete, we'll have a better story in the sense of -- a more complete story in the sense of here is how we'll do it, what those costs will be. But don't look at those as being overly broad. Remember, we have iPro today that we basically use to take customers through clinical kind of episodes. So we have our concierge service that grabs patients to move them through doctors, too. So the big components of operations that you need to work around the Adapt , we have those in place. We just have to modify them more to this 80% or digital treatment play.
John Kreger: Very helpful. One quick one, John. As you think about the '19 outlook that you described for us, what sort of number of stores is that envisioned by year-end?
John Morici: Yes, we have 12 as we noted now. It's really not a material change from that. We're evaluating what's best locations, what makes sense for us. But we really want to drive productivity and conversion at the stores we have before we go on a larger scale.
John Kreger: Okay. So we shouldn't expect that to be materially different by December of '19?
John Morici: That's correct.
John Kreger: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Please proceed.
Steven Valiquette: Thanks, good afternoon, everybody. So I guess just given the ramp in investments in 2019, likely some slower EPS growth. I kind of feel that 2019 is maybe somewhat similar to what Align went through back in 2015, where that was, let's call it, somewhat of a throwaway year for earnings growth because of heavy spending. But then the company came out of that and really had 3 strong years of growth in 2016 through 2018. I know it's a different management team back in 2015. But should we draw really any sort of parallels through 2019? Or maybe you're just setting yourself up for another strong earnings growth cycle in the next couple of years beyond 2019 with the investments that you're making this year?
Joseph Hogan: Steve, it's Joe. I think first of all, I'd say we play offense in this business. So even though we talk about restructuring or if we talk about adding salespeople, when we talk about defending our IP, all of those things are, to me, setting a foundation for future growth in the business. When you sit back and you look at this business, we're incredibly underpenetrated based on consumer preference for clear aligners to move teeth and also the size of the market that digital opens up even beyond, the 12 million orthodontic case starts that we talk about globally. So please don't call 2019 a throwaway year. Hopefully, the earnings and the growth that we're projecting here are substantial. And we haven't even mentioned the law of large number on you guys over the last 3 years, right? Because we continue to build these huge percentages over top incredibly larger numbers than what we had previously. So I look at this as -- don't -- look at is as these are aggressive investments in a young business to lay a foundation to allow us to be better in the future. And that's -- we have to take these.
Steven Valiquette: Yes. I guess a quick follow-up to that, which is the, how important is consistent EPS growth at Align at this stage of the corporate life cycle? Or it's just still mainly about driving top line growth for all the things that you just mentioned?
John Morici: Steve, this is John. It's both. I mean, we want to drive top line. We want to be able to grow this business. As Joe mentioned, we're vastly underpenetrated, and we have products and technology to be able to increase that market. But at the same time, we want to be able to grow profitably. And as we layer on some of these investments, we expect -- whether it's China or sales force addition or others that we're adding in, over time, we'll be able to see those benefits. And that over time, as we laid out, is over 2019. We should see that sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter as those investments start to pay off as we move forward. But we want to make sure that we're returning the most back to our shareholders, and that comes from revenue growth and the volume that we drive as well as doing this from a profitability standpoint. And we're very aware of the long-term growth model, and we stick with that.
Steven Valiquette: Okay, got. Thanks.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Steve. Operator, well take one more question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Richard Newitter with SVB-Leerink. Please proceed.
Richard Newitter: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Joe, I was just wondering -- I know you guys are still -- it's still really, really early days in China, and the opportunities are enormous, including your growth rate in that region, haven't really shown any slowdown. But can you just talk a little bit about what -- we've seen some headlines and some other companies talking about the macro slowdown in China and the consumer discretionary realm. Can you give us your thoughts from the way you see things? Clearly, you're investing, so I would imagine there's nothing there that would suggest there's any slow in growth. But what are you seeing kind of at the ground level in terms of the macro?
Joseph Hogan: I mean, we - like I mentioned before, Richard, this is -- the growth that we saw throughout 2018 was really strong in China. I mean, obviously, we're making these investments in China. It's a commitment. They are the second largest country in the world right now. The under-penetration, the opportunity there is huge. Look, I mean, we're up with global events. We see the issues going on with China and United States. And hopefully, they'll come to a trade deal sooner or later. I look at that investment. When I talked about manufacturing there, it is moving closer and having a Chinese business and being able to operate in that country with a lot of fluidity. But it also makes me feel good that we have a good insurance policy in the sense of the trade dynamics between the two countries, too. So right now, again, we haven't seen what other companies are reporting. I think the penetration piece we're talking about is probably maybe the variable of difference between the two. We're not saying that we're recession-proof ever. I think that's a ridiculous position to take. But what we've seen right now in the growth rates and what we've been experiencing, right now, we're looking for a good 2019 in China.
Richard Newitter: Excellent. And just if you could maybe just -- maybe you mentioned it earlier, mandibular advancement. What's contemplated? Or how are you thinking about the contribution in 2019? Should we think of that launch kind of hitting the ground running right off the bat? Is that more of a gradual cadence? And what's contemplated in the outlook?
Joseph Hogan: I'll take the high level of it. John, take the specific level. But remember, MAF was just approved in November of 2018. As you can see, we have -- I expect our normal uptick in the United States, which is -- what those will do, 2 or 3 cases and get used to it. It's a phenomenal product. It really is. To think you straighten your teeth. It can move your mandible forward in that sense and build bone. It's just -- it's incredible. But when it's something that big and that revolutionary, doctors -- orthos are conservative anyway. And obviously, they're going to take their time in the sense of proving it. Now [indiscernible] MAF has been outside the United States for a while, too. So we have, I think, 17,000 cases we talked about that we've gone through it. What's really interesting, too, is we have several updates from [Jelco] and the engineering team on MAF also. When teeth are shorter, how you arrange your aligners to make it work, making sure the wings are a lot stronger than before. So this is approved in the United States. We think we've significantly improved the product over the last 12 months, too. Now we find, too, is just the great halo effect around MAF and Teen. If you start to do more MAF, you do more Teen. And so we're looking forward to that. But again, it's new days in the United States, and we'll give you updates as we go through the year.
John Morici: And so when we look at our forecast and we think about flat ASPs, this is one that helps us. This is a positive move back to our ASPs because it's a full case, it's a teen case, it's complicated. Like Joe said, it gives us more and more teen volume, and we look at that as favorable mix and favorable growth for us.
Shirley Stacy: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We look forward to catching up with you at subsequent conferences. And if you have any questions, please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc. Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc. John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.
Analysts: Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore ISI Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC Matthew O'Brien - Piper Jaffray & Co. Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC Erin Wright - Credit Suisse Steven J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Align's Q3 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, VP of Corporate and Investor Communications.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued third quarter 2018 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on November 7. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13683414 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the fourth quarter of 2018. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our third quarter conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe? .
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us on our call today. I'll provide some highlights on the quarter and then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, clear aligners and scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. I'm pleased to report third quarter results with revenue and earnings above our outlook, driven by higher-than-expected Invisalign volume, offset somewhat by lower ASPs and foreign exchange. We also had another record quarter for iTero scanner business. Q3 Invisalign volume increased 5.5% sequentially and up 35.3% year-over-year, reflecting strength across regions and customer channels as well as strong growth from both teen and adult patients. From a product perspective, we saw strength across the Invisalign portfolio, with growth from both the comprehensive and non-comprehensive products, reflecting acceleration in the non-comprehensive category related to expansion of our product portfolio, as well as new sales programs and promotions intended to increase adoption and utilization. We also saw continued strength from international regions, especially Asia-Pacific, which is our second largest region after the Americas in Q3. Finally, during Q3, we trained another record 4,930 doctors, driven by APAC and Latin America, including Invisalign Go doctors, which represent continued expansion of our customer base, especially GP dentists. And Invisalign utilization increased overall to 6.1 cases per doctor, including another record for NA orthodontists. Overall, while I'm pleased with the strong volume growth that we achieved this quarter, there were a couple of unexpected factors that impacted our results. In Q3, Invisalign ASPs were down sequentially due to a combination of promotional programs, unfavorable foreign exchange and product mix shift, partially offset by price increases across all regions. John will provide more details on this in his commentary. Now let's turn to the specifics around our third quarter results and let's start with the results of our America region. For the Americas, Q3 Invisalign case volume was up 5.1% sequentially and 29.1% year-over-year, reflecting better-than-expected volume in both our orthodontist and GP dentist channels, driven by strong teenage case volume from orthodontists and adult patient growth across both customer channels. For the Americas region, year-over-year growth was led by orthos, with another record quarter for North American ortho utilization at 17.4 cases per doctor. Q3 Invisalign utilization for North American GP dentists was up year-over-year at 3.5 cases per doctor, reflecting continued expansion of the GP customer base. We also saw strong volume growth from the dental service organizations or DSOs channel, which increased over 40% year-over-year in Q3. In Q3, we trained over 2,000 new Invisalign doctors in the Americas region, of which 560 were in Latin America alone, primarily Brazil. As the world's second largest market for cosmetic procedures, Brazil is estimated to have more than 1 million new orthodontic case starts each year. In September, we hosted a grand opening event at our new office in So Paulo, Brazil with local doctors to thank them for their ongoing support in helping to build the clear aligner market in Brazil through Invisalign practices. We also hosted the grand opening of our newest facilities in Costa Rica located at San Antonio business center, with plans to open another multimillion-dollar facility located at La Lima later this year. The new facilities will eventually house all of our Costa Rica employees, provide space to accommodate our long-term growth. For international doctors, Q3 was another good quarter with Invisalign case volumes up 6.2% sequentially, reflecting a very strong quarter for APAC, offset by EMEA's seasonality, especially in Southern Europe markets which typically have extended summer holidays. Year-over-year volume growth of 45.6% for international reflects increased utilization and continued expansion of our customer base. In APAC, Q3 was a strong quarter with Invisalign volumes up 56.4% year-over-year, with record shipments for all country markets except Korea. Q3 results reflect record utilization for APAC driven by strong growth from teenage patients as well as growth in the GP dentists channel up 83.2% compared to last year. During Q3, we trained 1,730 new doctors in APAC, of which 310 were iGo doctors. We also held several clinical education events across APAC designed to help increase doctor's confidence in and the adoption of Invisalign treatment, including how critical the iTero scanner is to practice growth. In China, we hosted the China Orthodontic Society, or COS, annual meeting with over 1,000 doctors. In Japan, we held an Invisalign Forum with clinical speakers focused on teen treatment, including Invisalign First cases, adding iTero to their practice and Invisalign G6 innovation. In ANZ, we launched Invisalign First clinical education events and practice marketing activity and received positive feedback with great uptake of Invisalign First cases. In EMEA, Q3 was down sequentially due to expected seasonality up to 36.2% year-over-year, reflecting strong growth including the teen segment, which was up over 60% from the prior year. Year-over-year we saw strength across our core markets led by France, Iberia and the UK, as well as our key expansion markets led by Central and Eastern Europe. We're also continuing to help expand the market for clear aligner treatment with approximately 1,100 newly trained doctors in EMEA, which include 485 iGo trained GP dentists. In Q3, we hosted a number of doctor-centered peer-to-peer events, including our first GP Growth Forum in Copenhagen. We also hosted the grand opening of our new treatment planning facility in Madrid, Spain, which serves the Iberia market. Our Madrid facility aims to increase our commitment to Invisalign trained doctors in Spain and Portugal, and will play a key role in our strategy to be closer to our customers and support them in digital treatment planning. In October, we hosted our first MEA or Middle East and Africa Forum in Dubai, highlighting the growth of the MEA orthodontic market, as well as showcasing our latest advances in digital dentistry that provides practice growth opportunities for dentists. Now, turning to the teen segment. In Q3, 98,500 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 25.6% sequentially and 41.1% year-over-year, driven by continued strong adoption across all major regions, led by North American orthodontists. Q3 was the eighth consecutive quarter that Invisalign teen patient volumes grew faster than adults, reflecting a continued shift toward younger teens and tweens. The Q3 year-over-year Invisalign teen patient growth for North American orthos increased 32.8% and international doctors were up 60.9%. In Q3, we launched an expanded Invisalign portfolio including Invisalign First for Phase 1 treatment of young patients age six and up. On July 1, we began offering Invisalign First to doctors in North America, EMEA, and ANZ and Japan. We shipped almost 2,000 cases to over 600 doctors during Q3. Half of the cases were in North America, and nearly 60% of the Invisalign First patients were 8 or 9 years old. The Phase 1 segment of the market is really important for us because it's a large piece of the overall orthodontic cases. But it will also help us gain share in the teenage segment. The Invisalign Experience program is a comprehensive way of describing all of Align's activities to engage consumers or potential patients through brand experiences in consumer-friendly settings and environments, including busy mall and lifestyle centers. We started out calling these locations stores. We've realized this is confusing and concerning to some of our doctor customers. We're not selling Invisalign treatment to consumers in these locations. Doctors have always been essential to Invisalign treatment, and a doctor's prescription based on an in-person examination remains the only way that Invisalign treatment can be delivered to a patient, even if a consumer learns about the Invisalign brand in new or different ways. In late 2017, we launched the Invisalign store pilot program to create and test interactive Invisalign brand experiences in high traffic retail locations. Our goal was to educate and engage consumers who might be interested in treatment but aren't showing up as typical consults in offices, and get them connected with an Invisalign doctor of their choice. Based on what we have learned in last year and across the first four locations in this program, we are expanding this program and will open eight additional Invisalign Experience locations in the fourth quarter. The first four Invisalign Experience locations have shown great progress since opening and have contributed to a significant influx of consumer interest in the orthodontic marketplace surrounding each location. Key performance metrics suggest that the addition of an Invisalign Experience location can have a significant positive impact or halo effect on overall Invisalign patient growth in the surrounding area, even among doctors that are not directly participating in the Invisalign Experience program network. It's a new way of creating awareness for brand, capturing someone else's attention when they're not even thinking about straightening their teeth, and it benefits all Invisalign practices in the market. In Q4, under the Invisalign Experience umbrella, we're launching a major test of the program in New York City with a significant investment in media to reinforce the importance of doctor-led Invisalign treatment and a premium consumer experience to drive qualified consumers to partner doctor practices. On November 5, we will launch a targeted media campaign in New York to take advantage of growing interest in the clear aligner category to capture and direct consumers to Invisalign-branded locations and pilot practices. This test includes an Invisalign-branded kiosk at the Oculus Center on November 17 as part of the Holiday Market. Number two, piloting Invisalign Experience-branded doctor practices designed to attract prospective patients, connect them with the Invisalign brand and an Invisalign practice for treatment. And three, empower doctors with new tools, services and support to elevate the patient experience, amplify the message and grow their practice. We're very excited about this program along with several other media campaigns kicking off in Q4 to put doctors at the center of everything we do. We've learned a lot from the Invisalign Experience locations and the doctors who have worked with us in the network to-date. We're applying what we have learned and are constantly working to make the Invisalign Experience program better for consumers and better for the practices who opt-in to receive those leads. One of the things we've learned from this and other initiatives is that a lot of Invisalign doctors want to do more in their own markets to connect with new consumers. They want to create an Invisalign Experience in practice to connect with potential patients in new ways and want to leverage the total Invisalign iTero digital experience to make starting treatment easier and more convenient for them. We want to help them to do just that, so under the Invisalign Experience program umbrella, we're working with a few doctors in select U.S. markets to explore what an Invisalign Experience looks like in wholly doctor-owned, consumer-focused environment. We're calling this pilot an Invisalign Experience branded practice and are working with participating doctors to apply some of the lessons and design elements from Invisalign Experience locations to their practices. Some of these pilots will be in markets where we have Invisalign Experience locations, but most will not. Doctor-owned Invisalign Experience practices don't complete with Align. We're all working together to reach consumers in new ways. We'll share more progress with you and details on the different ways we're partnering with doctors under the Invisalign Experience umbrella in the coming quarter. Our Smile Concierge program that we launched at the beginning of 2017 is continuing to help more consumers start Invisalign treatment by shortening their research cycle and connecting them with an active Invisalign doctor. Year-to-date, we scheduled over 74,000 Invisalign consultations in the U.S., which equates to connecting hundreds of consumers to Invisalign doctors every day, providing leads they might not otherwise have had. The Smile Concierge service has also expanded outside the United States with teams in Singapore, Brazil, Australia and the UK. And Q3 was a very strong quarter across the board for our iTero scanner and services business, with better than expected revenues which were up 37.2% sequentially and 79.1% year-over-year. Record Q3 results reflect commercialization of the iTero Element 2 and Element Flex scanners, especially for restorative GP dentists in North America. Continued rollout with DSO partners and increased sales internationally including China, we have also begun to manufacture the iTero Element. Use of the iTero scanners for Invisalign case submissions in place of PVS impressions continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. The Q3 total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas was essentially flat at 68.8%. International scans increased 51.6% of total Invisalign cases submitted in Q3. We are very excited about the continued progress we have made with the iTero business and remain confident it will continue to help drive our overall growth and help increase adoption of Invisalign treatment. Before I turn the call over to John, I want to share this important news with you today regarding our Chief Marketing Officer or CMO, Raph Pascaud. After more than eight years with Align, Raph has made a personal decision to reduce his responsibilities and transition to a part-time position in order to spend more time with his family. As a result, we have begun an executive search for a Chief Marketing Officer, and will be working to find a replacement for Raph's marketing position over the coming months. Once we've hired a new CMO, Raph will transition his marketing responsibilities to that leader, but he will continue to lead the business development and strategy for the company. Raph will also remain on the Executive Management Committee, reporting directly to me. Raph's contributions to Align have been significant. He's held numerous leadership positions across the organization, including Head of International, Marketing, Product Portfolio and Business Development, as well as overseeing the iTero business. We're fortunate that Raph will remain directly engaged in our strategy and overall business plans and will be able to help the new CMO come up to speed quickly. Until then, nothing changes and Raph remains Align's CMO and SVP, Product Portfolio and Business Development. We're sharing this news with you today so we can openly recruit for a new CMO and so Raph can begin to develop a transition plan with his global marketing team. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q3 financial results. Total revenue for the third quarter was $505.3 million, up 3.1% from the prior quarter and up 31.2% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Year-over-year revenue growth was favorable in all regions. Clear aligner revenue of $421.1 million was down 1.4% sequentially, driven by lower ASPs as a result of higher-than-expected discounts and unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by increased volume. Year-over-year clear aligner revenue growth of 25% reflected strong Invisalign shipment growth across all customer channels and geographies, and was partially offset by lower ASPs. As Joe mentioned earlier in his remarks, Q3 Invisalign ASPs were down sequentially and year-over-year due to a combination of promotional programs, unfavorable foreign exchange and product mix, partially offset by price increases across all regions. In Q3, we offered a new product promotions designed to increase adoption of Invisalign treatment and we saw much higher-than-expected uptake on some of these promotions. In addition, at the beginning of the year, we created a more robust North America Advantage customer loyalty program, which has been very favorably received by our doctors. The new Advantage Program changed to a semi-annual discount qualification period instead of a quarterly one, with additional tiers that provide doctors with more incentive to move up the tiers by increasing their Invisalign case volume. As a result, more doctors are moving up in tiers and achieving higher overall discounts than they were under the prior program. In Q3, we also saw a shift toward lower ASP non-comprehensive products, some of which is tied to promotions and some is tied to continued progress expanding our business with GP dentists and DSOs. Specifically, Q3 ASPs were down by approximately $85 and includes $24 of unfavorable foreign exchange, and down $80 year-over-year and includes $15 of unfavorable foreign exchange. Total Q3 Invisalign shipments of 319,300 cases were up 5.5% sequentially and up 35.3% year-over-year, driven by growth in the Americas and APAC, partially offset by seasonality in EMEA. For Americas orthodontists, Q3 Invisalign case volume was up 8.6% sequentially and up 32.2% year-over-year. For Americas GP dentists, Invisalign case volume was down 0.3% sequentially and up 24.2% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 6.2% sequentially and up 45.6% year-over-year. Our scanner and services revenue for the third quarter was $78.2 million, up 37.2% sequentially due to volume increases in North America DSO contracts and higher volume in APAC. Year-over-year revenue was up 79.1%, primarily due to higher scanner units across regions. Moving on to gross margin. Third quarter overall gross margin was 73.6%,down 1 point sequentially and down 2.3 points year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the third quarter was 75.3%, down 1.2 points sequentially, primarily due to lower ASP described earlier. Clear aligner gross margin was down 2.6 points year-over-year, primarily due to lower ASP and regional expansion of our manufacturing activities. Scanner gross margin for the third quarter was 63.9%, up 4.4 points sequentially and up 3.9 points year-over-year, primarily due to higher manufacturing efficiencies. Q3 operating expenses were $246.6 million, up sequentially 1.5% and up 27.3% year-over-year. The increase in operating expenses reflects continued investment in our R&D and go-to-market activities. Our third quarter operating income was $125.2 million, up 2.1% sequentially and up 26.8% year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating income is primarily due to higher revenues. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in operating income primarily reflects leverage from operating expenses on higher revenues from both clear aligner and scanner and services. Our third quarter operating margin was 24.8%, down 0.2 points sequentially and down 0.8 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating margin is primarily due to lower gross margin from lower ASPs as mentioned above, offset by increased operating expense leverage. On a year-over-year basis, the decrease in operating margin is primarily due to lower gross margin from ASPs and continued expansion of our regional manufacturing facilities, offset by higher operating expense leverage. With regards to the third quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 19.4%, which includes a $24.7 million release of unrecognized tax benefits due to a statute lapse, partially offset by a $20.2 million charge related to non-deductible officers' compensation based on recent IRS guidance. Third quarter diluted earnings per share was $1.24, down $0.06 sequentially and up $0.23 compared to the prior year. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of the third quarter, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short- and long-term investments, were $613.2 million. This compared to $720.7 million at the end of Q2, a decrease of approximately $107.5 million, primarily due to our stock repurchases during the quarter. Of our $613.2 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $228 million was held in the U.S. and $385.2 million was held by our international entities. Q3 accounts receivable balance was $420.3 million, up approximately 12.3% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding, or DSOs, was 75 days, up 7 days sequentially and flat as of Q3 last year. Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $96.3 million, down $21.8 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to the timing of pending tax refunds. Free cash flow for the third quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $42.6 million. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $53.7 million, primarily related to our continued investment in increasing aligner capacity and facilities. During Q3 of 2018, we repurchased $150 million of our stock against our stock buyback authorizations, and have $550 million still available for repurchase under the May 2018 repurchase program. With that, let's turn to our Q4 outlook and the factors that inform our view. Starting with the demand outlook. We expect Q4 international volume to increase sequentially from Q3, reflecting the EMEA market seasonality stronger period following summer holidays in Q3, offset somewhat by seasonally slower Q4 period in APAC as China comes off a very strong summer period. For Americas, better than expected Q3 volume was driven in part due to some promotions that have been discontinued. We expect Q4 Americas volume to increase slightly sequentially. We expect our iTero business to be flat sequentially in Q4, coming off a very strong Q3, as we continue to invest in growing the iTero business across all regions including China and ongoing rollout with DSO partners in the U.S. We continue to expect SmileDirectClub volume to be at minimal contractual levels and are anticipating a decrease sequentially from Q3. With this as a backdrop, we expect the fourth quarter to shape up as follows: Invisalign case volume is expected to be in the range of 330,000 to 335,000 cases, up approximately 29.4% to 31.4% year-over-year. We expect Q4 revenues to be in the range of $505 million to $515 million, an increase of approximately 20% to 22% year-over-year, reflecting strong growth for Invisalign volumes, offset by lower ASPs due primarily to ongoing promotional discounts, the effect of our new Advantage customer loyalty program, continued mix shift toward non-comprehensive products as well as foreign exchange. We expect Q4 gross margin to be in the range of 72.3% to 73%, reflecting lower margins as we begin to produce clear aligners in our new manufacturing facility in Ziyang, China, where we will initially have higher fixed costs spread across very low volumes. We expect Q4 operating expenses to be in the range of $248 million to $253 million. Q4 operating margin should be in the range of 23.2% to 23.9%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 22.5%. We expect approximately $2 million equity loss related to our share of SmileDirectClub. And diluted shares outstanding should be approximately 81.3 million exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q4 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.10 to $1.15. In addition, as we continue our operational expansion efforts, we expect CapEx for Q4 to be approximately $50 million to $55 million. And we expect depreciation and amortization to be $15 million to $16 million. Now let me turn to our view for the full-year 2018. Based on our Q4 guidance, we continue to expect 2018 total revenue growth rate to be above our long-term model and in the low-30s. We expect Invisalign revenue and volume growth to also be in the low-30s. Taken together, we continue to expect operating margin for the full-year 2018 to be slightly up from 2017 operating margin of 24%. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, John. Overall, Q3 was another good quarter with strong growth for both the Invisalign and iTero businesses. Our performance reflects continued success in driving adoption and utilization across all region and customer channels, as well as an increased traction in new expansion markets with our DSO partners. We have a huge market opportunity ahead to connect millions of consumers with Invisalign doctors for orthodontic treatment, and whether it's through traditional routes in a doctor's office or through new consumer-friendly approaches like the Invisalign Experience program, we are committed to a doctor in the center of everything we do. Align is the best positioned company to help doctors successfully navigate the rapidly-changing dental market. We're excited to be guiding them through this digital transformation. I look forward to following up with many of you in the coming weeks at various conferences and industry meetings, including the Invisalign Ortho Summit in Las Vegas next month where approximately 2,500 doctors and their staff will spend two days sharing Invisalign and iTero best practices, one of our most important peer-to-peer clinical education events. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, Joe and John, for the question. I guess just to start on the lower ASPs, which you guys provided some details around at least the areas that impacted it. And John, if I heard you correctly, it sounds like of the $85 sequential decline, if I remove FX, it would have been more like $60, $61 sequential decline. So, of that decline, I was hoping maybe you could just break down how much of that came from promotions versus mix shift. And then I guess the follow-up would be, I don't necessarily remember you guys talking so much about the additional promotional program. So, curious if there was something in the marketplace that kind of forced you to react to put the promotions in place, or if this was something that was always planned and maybe the uptake was just greater than you thought?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, Bob. This is John. On the remaining piece that's left, about half of the drop in ASPs was due to mix. It was mix shift to the lower stage products. And about the other half or $30 or so was related to those promotions.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: And Bob, it's Joe. Look, obviously on the Advantage Program and the special programs we ran for the quarter, we do this all the time. We're trying to encourage customer stickiness. We're checking out different segments of the marketplace. We do this all the time. But in this case, what happened is we incentivized the upper end of our customer segment. We did not get the engagement in the lower end that we anticipated. And so, in that sense, we will shut that thing down. We won't repeat it again. We obviously learned from it and we move on.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And then I guess, Joe, just to follow-up on that then, as we think about ASPs for 4Q and then more importantly beyond 4Q, is it safe to assume that FX will be what it is but that at least the portion of the headwind from the promotion should normalize?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah, that's correct. Think about it as flat, Bob.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon. Maybe, John, in terms of the aligner gross margins in the quarter, can you break out the impact of the manufacturing capacity expansions relative to ASPs? And as you look into 2019, given we're kind of bouncing along the low end of your three- to five-year model here at about 73%, would it be logical to expect year-over-year expansion in terms of the aligner margins as you start to soak up some of that new manufacturing capacity expansions?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. You're right, Brandon. I mean, what we'll see initially because of the low volumes, we'll see more of that fixed cost over that low volume. So, that's a 0.5 to 1 point impact due to the manufacturing start-up. And then as we get more efficient, we should see some improvement as we go forward related to those manufacturing costs.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. And then one for Joe. The OpEx guidance for the fourth quarter implies the slowest year-over-year growth rate in a few years now. To what extent are you beginning to see perhaps some diminishing returns from incremental investments, be it feet on the Street or marketing or otherwise, perhaps in some of the more international and emerging markets?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Brandon, I think if you look at our growth, I mean our growth is above 30% right now. So we don't see any diminishing returns in that sense. Remember, we had a big third quarter when you look at our volume growth versus other years. So the normal sequential kind of iteration that we go through between third and fourth quarters, we don't really believe it's going to be as dramatic as it has been in the past. And so this doesn't reflect anything from a market standpoint. Remember, as you look at our performance overall, international market's performed extremely well, okay? We still had incredible shipments in North America from an Invisalign standpoint. We also had great iTero, too. So, primarily what we're looking at is what we have with these promotions in the sense of the ASPs driven by them and the corrections we have to make as we go into the fourth quarter.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: All right. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: All right, Brandon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Jon.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, Joe. First one, John, I think you mentioned flat scanner revs Q-over-Q and I've got to make some other assumptions. But I'm backing into around a $1,200 Invisalign ASP for 4Q 2018 based on your volume guidance. 3Q 2018 I believe was $1,230 on a worldwide basis. You mentioned some of the promotions that were run in 3Q will not be repeated. So why the continued decline on the worldwide ASP into 4Q? And then do we think about extrapolating that $1,200 if I'm right out to 2019? And then I've got a follow-up.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah, Jon, I would look at Q4 as continued mix effects that we have. So, as we are  the low stage that we've seen through Q3, some of the mix shift that's happening, that will continue into Q4. But like we had said, those promotions that we had, those specific promotions that were driving down some of the ASPs in Q3 will not continue into Q4. .
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, Joe, you may have answered this to Robert's question earlier, so I apologize if this is redundant. But I think it's important obviously with the focus on the promotion. So, can you be a little bit more clear that the promotions that you ran in the quarter, you hear the word promotions at the same time that two or three comprehensive clear aligners were introduced in the market for the first time ever and that's going to freak a lot of people out, right? So the promotions that you mentioned, were those specific to express-type cases? Were they more specific to comprehensive? Any clarity you can give would be great. Thanks, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Jon, to answer your question backwards is, these are comprehensive cases. From a competitive standpoint, look, we continue to monitor the competition in the marketplace. Ormco is still out in ANZ and not completely engaged. 3M has obviously hit the marketplace in the United States and we see it. But these promotions were not geared toward trying to stop any competition that we're feeling right now. That wasn't the whole part of this promotional piece. Remember, third quarter's a big teen season. We had to make sure that we run the proper promotions going in there. This is a teen promotion and also an adult promotion too. Again, we're just trying some things in the sense of incentivizing the marketplace and it just happened to engage the upper tier of our Advantage Program rather than a lower tier that we had hoped. And these go on all the time kind of under the radar screen, Jon, and we don't talk about them. This one in the sense of how it performed obviously affecting ASP, we just have to give you clarity on it. But, again, I want to re-emphasize, this is not based on anything competitively that we saw in the marketplace that we thought we had to move around.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore ISI: Hi. Yeah. Thanks for the question. Speaking of what you were just talking about on sort of engagement in the lower end of the market, how are you sort of thinking about what you're going to shift going forward? That would be my first question. And then could you sort of also talk about the typical GP path in that lower-end customer? Do they start with lower-priced products and then sort of move up, or do they sort of stay in that lower-level product mix shift? Any further color on that would be really helpful. Thanks.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks. Actually can you repeat the first question? You're kind of light on the volume. We couldn't hear the first part of your question.
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore ISI: Oh, sorry about that. Is that better?
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah.
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore ISI: The first part of my question was, obviously, you said that you didn't get the engagement you were hoping for on the lower end of the market. And so I was just wondering sort of what you've learned from that and sort of how you're thinking about that engagement with that segment of the market going forward.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. On the lower end of the marketplace, it's just exactly how we target those incentives and how broad do we make them, okay? This was broad across all of our Advantage tiers. In the future, we'll just have to focus on the lower tiers in that sense in order to encourage that piece. I mean, it's that simple kind of feedback. We thought it'd be more of a balanced response across the tiers and it wasn't. And now on the GP, I think your second question had to do with GP doctors and how they get engaged. With iGo, as we start iGo, it's a mid-range product that we position with GPs that allow them to be able to do certain kinds of movements that we think are relatively simple to learn and for doctors to really start off the product line. And so, as you see the iGo growth all around the world, that's predominantly what we'd call a mid-range product that we're positioning with GPs at the moment.
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Does that help?
Elizabeth Anderson - Evercore ISI: Yeah. That was helpful.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. You're welcome.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: And Elizabeth, I'm just going to add one other thing just in terms of what we're talking about with respect to ASP. The other part of the conversation has to do around the new Advantage Program this year and how that has additional tiers, and intended obviously to incentivize doctors to move up in tiers, and what we saw was the higher volume doctors moving up in tiers more than the lower tiers. So, that's part of the impact as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from...
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Question...
Operator: Sorry?
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Go ahead, Jeremy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Steve.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, and thanks for the time here. I wonder if I could come back, Joe, to a point that you made earlier, maybe an intersection of a couple points. I mean, you talked about how doctors are thinking about an evolving environment. I wonder is there something in the environment that is changing the way that clinicians respond to promotions or product line efforts or to the Advantage Program? Is there something different about it this time? I ask the question because historically the company has a lot of experience running these types of programs.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Steve, I don't think the market is conditioned any differently than it's been before. The biggest change we've seen in the market is really just SDC in the United States marketplace. But that is a completely different segment since it's not through doctor's offices, and obviously that's not where the competition is right now. I think if you look at this, Steve, I think with this new Advantage Program we launched in North America in 2018, it just has a different series of brackets, a different series of rewards, at different kind of bonus levels. We haven't really engaged promotions around those things before. So it was a little bit of a learning curve in the sense of how those brackets, as Shirley talked about yesterday actually respond to these kinds of promotions. Don't look at this  I think I can understand your questions and the previous questions about, is there some external aspect that's really driving those things. If there was an external some kind of catalyst in this sense, we'd tell you. I'd tell you, okay? That's not why we do these things. We do these things to encourage customer stickiness. We do these things to figure out what really works in the marketplace. Look, I've never been in a business that has price elasticity curves like this business. And you really have to study those. We launch promotions, we do them at certain prices. We see what the uptakes are and we learn from those things. We're just launching this against a different type of an Advantage structured program and these tiers are different and this take-up was completely different than what we've seen before.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. And then just to follow-up on your point about SDC, I think I know the answer to this, but your view is still that any overlap between SDC cases and Align cases is low-single-digit percentage-wise, is that still correct?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I think we've always said it's about  back when we were actually comparing data with these guys, back before our lawsuit, and it was about a 10% overlap is what we saw overall. We don't have any information that would change that at all at this point, Steve.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger from William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey. Thanks very much. Joe, any update on the timing for mandibular advancement in the U.S. or the palate expansion product that you talked about at Investor Day?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, John. We're expecting in the fourth quarter is what we said all along. Our communications with the FDA have been nothing bad or anything that would suggest that we're not on course. So I'd just say we're still sticking to our plan of being able to launch this product in the fourth quarter United States.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then how about the palate expander product?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Palate expander, we're still working through that. When you think about it, our Invisalign First product is a palate expansion product but it's not a rapid palate expansion product. So we're digging into that six- to eight-year, nine year marketplace with Invisalign First. We're still working through  in fact, I went through it this morning with a team. We're still working through the rapid palate expander and we'll give you an update on that as there's more to talk about. We're still thinking it's trialing in 2019 like we indicated at the most recent investors' conference.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe just, John, any kind of key puts or takes you want to call out as we start thinking more about the outlook for 2019? I assume FX will be a bigger factor in the coming year?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. We're not giving the 2019 guidance, as you know, John. But FX is a piece of it. We call it out. It is what it is. And then everything else is on our operational performance. But we'll give a good update on 2019 at the next call.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. You're welcome, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Matthew O'Brien - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. So, if I look at your slides that you provided, slide 30 specifically, you can see a step-down Q3 to Q4 on the pricing side both worldwide and internationally. Were you running some kind of program similar to this back then? And then we saw recovery over the next several quarters. Is that something kind of like what we should expect this time around?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, what we see, Matt, that comes through some of those slides and trends is FX effect. So, if there's foreign exchange that comes through there, it shows up as well. So, some of that, especially when you look on the international side, you can see some of the FX effects there.
Matthew O'Brien - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Sure. Just to punch a little bit further on that question specifically though, the moderation that you should get from the promotion going away, maybe some more mix benefits going forward. This should be kind of the low watermark maybe here in Q3 for the ASPs with the gradual increase over the next several quarters. Is that fair?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. I think what we're expecting is kind of the Q4 ASPs that we're kind of calling should be that low point and that's how you should think about things going forward.
Matthew O'Brien - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. And then as the follow-up question and actually to talk about something positive in the quarter, even though there was a lot positive. On the scanner side specifically, can you parse out a little bit where that performance came from? Because that should be a pretty good leading indicator for the business going forward. DSOs, international, et cetera, would you mind just providing a little more color there?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Matt, it's Joe. When you look at it, every region we had a lot of strength in iTero. You start with we have now major penetration into China and great uptake there. Last year, we were approved in Japan and that's been good too. So, really all up and down Asia it's been strong. In North America, it's been strong across our individual doctor base but also, as you mentioned, the DSOs have been very strong also. And then also in the quarter, we did see increasing momentum with iTero scanners over in Europe too, which is our most difficult competitive market. We have good momentum there too. The launch of the Flex product line and iTero 2 were really great launches. Customers loved the product too so the response has been terrific. So, everything has been working extremely well with that business. But remember, that's just a wonderful footprint for us for future Invisalign business once we have those scanners in place.
Matthew O'Brien - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: All right, Matt. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Newitter from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to just clarify. I think you had said you're still expecting mandibular expansion  I'm sorry, the mandibular product in the fourth quarter, best of your ability to predict the FDA. Is it right that that's not factored into your Invisalign case volume guidance or your 4Q guidance?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. We don't factor it in, but honestly within one quarter of the launch of that, we wouldn't expect anything material, Richard, to report in that sense. And that's not anything to do with mandibular advancement. It's just the way things work around here in the sense of doctors will try this, they'll do a few cases, they'll get used to it. And then, as we move into 2019, we'll give you some idea of what we think mandibular advancement United States uptake would be.
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And just maybe one other one. I noticed that the percentage of cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas was flat and it's been increasing almost every quarter for quite some time. I'm just wondering if that's somehow linked to some of the kind of anomalies that we saw around trends with ASPs or if there's any other explanation there?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: No, Richard, there's no correlation with the ASP side. Remember, last year, we ceased allowing 3Shape to be able to submit scans. And so those doctors would have to go back to PVS impressions, and we think that's pretty much what drove that. Obviously, our scanner sales have been really strong in United States. So we think that's just basically a re-submittal because of the situation we have with 3Shape right now.
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot. And then maybe just one last one. You said that you didn't get an expected kind of reaction in the marketplace from kind of the promotions across kind of both parts of the market, complex and simple. I guess what's your hypothesis as to why it didn't work on the low end of the market? Or do you have kind of a running assumption as to what maybe you got wrong or why it didn't work?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. I think, Richard, first of all, it's not low end, it's low tier. So we have an Advantage Program. An Advantage Program has several tiers. It starts at Bronze, it goes all the way up to Double Diamond, okay? And so, when we talk about that, these are still broadly their comprehensive cases, okay? When you put these promotions in place, you want to make sure you're sensitive in the sense of who you're incentivizing across these brackets, right? What we're saying is we didn't have strong enough incentives on what we'd say the lower end of our Advantage tier program. And, obviously, that'd be the change we'd make going forward. Makes sense, Richard?
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I thought we lost you.
Operator: All right. Our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Erin Wright - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks. I won't ask about ASPs, but the Invisalign Experience locations, could you provide any sort of new metrics around in terms of conversion rate or traction or any sort of key performance kind of metrics there. And how will the economics work for the doctor-led Invisalign Experience locations with the rebranding and all? Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Erin we haven't given any statistics yet on our Experience centers. And we only had four stores, and now we're expanding the other eight stores right now. As we move into 2019, we'll be more transparent with that information. The doctors can engage in several ways. The doctors are actually engaged with the store. These products have a certain premium assigned to them, because we actually attract the patients and send the scans to the doctors or whatever. So, depending on what it is, Signature, Signature Plus or Deluxe, there's obviously a lab fee for the aligners but there's also a certain fee for those types of products. And then we're talking about the halo effect too. The halo effect, sometimes it's the doctors who aren't even associated with the program at all, we're still seeing a significant increase in Invisalign sales to those doctors just because of just the raising the awareness of Invisalign and doctors in that specific geographical area. And those are areas of anywhere between 10, 25, up to 50 miles we start to see that kind of response.
Erin Wright - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. And then you've previously alluded to financing initiatives for customers that seems to make sense here, but I don't really hear you speak much about it. I guess where does that stand today on that effort? And that remains purely a third-party relationship today? Thanks.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Hi, Erin. Yeah. This is John. Yeah, the financing, it continues. It's primarily in the U.S. and it's something where it's financing that's not on our balance sheet's third-party company that we work with. And really we're just trying to find easier ways for our end consumers to be able to use Invisalign and make things easier for them. So we continue to do it. It's part of the conversion that we try to use. And it's been rolled out across the U.S. for a few quarters now.
Erin Wright - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Thank you.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Steven J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good afternoon. So I guess for the 35% case growth in the quarter, which obviously accelerated pretty nicely. I'm just curious if there's any color on how much of that volume growth was maybe tied to what we'll call the overly enhanced promotional activity. Or are you more of the mindset that maybe you would have had essentially the same case volume growth overall if there were no alterations to the loyalty program? Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Steve, we can't nail it exactly, but we can tell you it's 1% to 2% on the North America volume.
Steven J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. One other quick one  again, if you're slightly off on where you want to be on your ASPs because of this activity, just kind of thinking out loud without giving anything away for next year, just curious if you also think you could potentially increase list prices maybe a bit more than normal to get you where you want to be on ASPs for 2019, just as another lever that you could pull if you wanted to when thinking about optimizing price.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, you don't want to comment on price going into a year. We never do that, Steve. But we have raised price every year in the last three years. Obviously we raised price in this quarter, too. And it's been part of our strategy. It fuels a lot of the things we would do. We talk about Invisalign Experience and our marketing campaign and driving customers' adopters, also all the technology we invest into. So it's been a pretty large part of our strategic plan. But I don't want to comment on 2019 in that sense.
Steven J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Robert Baird and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good evening, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, Joe. So let me start just on the Invisalign Experience. It sounds like you're moving that into some private practitioners or some other offices here in the fourth quarter. Any discussions on moving that into the DSO channel where you could almost supercharge that or really get into 600, 800 offices at a time? And in those cases, I think you alluded to it, Joe, a little bit in your comments just a second ago. But my sense, at least from the conversations I've had is that the gross margins are actually accretive in cases that come through that kind of channel because you're kind of doing some of the work to get the patient into that office. Is that a fair way to look at that?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Jeff, it's a really fair way to look at it. I mean, we talked about Aspen last quarter. I mean, the whole idea of the Aspen piece and their uptake of iTero scanners was to put what we used to call a store in store. We now call it an Invisalign Experience thing in the doctors' offices within Aspen. And part of what we've done in the stores is we've created obviously consumer material. We've created a lot of things. From a customer engagement standpoint, turning customers into patients, we put those in place and we'll be able to employ in those DSO stores too. So, that's been a big part of our strategy and it's one of the reasons you see such a big uptake in the DSOs that we've been selling to and reporting.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Fair enough. And then, again, there hasn't been enough ASP questions here tonight but I just want to understand, John, your comments. You get some of the promotional activities right-sized in the fourth quarter. Currency probably is a little bit bigger of an impact going forward. So, fourth quarter you would expect ASP to be down sequentially a bit versus 3Q, is that right? And then we kind of see a recovery throughout 2019 or at least a little bit trending up in 2019, as some of those currency headwinds in the back half come off and maybe some of the promotional activity headwinds do as well?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Jeff, what we would see is  you're right, on the FX, you see it come down a little bit from an ASP standpoint in the fourth quarter. But then from the fourth quarter, we expect it to be about flat, just given the mix and other things that we've talked about in terms of what we see in the business.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just to clarify that, so whatever our fourth quarter ASP, wherever that ends up, that you would expect holding flat, then moving throughout 2019 sequentially?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yes. That's how we would look at it.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. Thanks, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ravi Misra form Berenberg Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking the question. Just a couple based on the margin outlook for the business. So, just working through that flat pricing outlook, how do we think about the gross margin implication on the aligner business. I mean, you have these plants coming online. Is it similar type of kind of ramp that we look at a step-down from 3Q in the aligner gross model and that kind of remains flat or slightly increases going forward into 2019? And then, just a question on the marketing strategy, as kind of Raph steps aside, you have a number of new programs going on here. You have a new marketing leader coming in. You have an orthodontic summit in a month. How do you kind of like look at your dental segment and your customer base, the orthodontists here? Are we in a world where you're trying to get greater productivity from your top dentists and let the less productive guys I guess to call it less of a focus on that? Or is there room for everyone here? How are you looking to approach that? Thank you.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Ravi, I'll take the gross margin question. Yeah, as we said, coming online with some of the manufacturing, it's at certain amount of costs that we need some of the volume now to be able to spread those costs over. So we guided in Q4 to reflect that. And then, as we get more efficient related to that manufacturing, both the manufacturing and the treatment planning that we have kind of globally, we'll start to see some of the efficiencies related to that manufacturing and treatment planning that will affect our gross margins.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: And Ravi, it's Joe. Your question on the segment and top dentists versus  or top orthos versus lower brackets, I'd just end it by saying there's room for everyone. You have to segment this market always between general dentistry as we call GPs and also orthodontists. But when we talked about at Investors Day, we see a market that we used to measure as 12 million case starts a year as potentially 300 million. But what we specifically talk about with our doctors, particularly on the ortho side, is this is a massive what we call analog to digital conversion, right? If you really want to get the productivity of a digital-based orthodontic system that ends up in plastic, and that's what our process is, is you really have to do predominantly a majority of your business has to be in digital. And those doctors that walk forward that want to go through that journey with us, we have a number of programs to take them through from financing to how you encourage more consumers, how you set up your practice, all those things, so you can make it as efficient as possible. On the general dentistry side, we often work from a restorative standpoint to make sure that we can work within those restorative workflows and make sure that it's profitable for those docs and they understand how to use these things. Ravi, one thing I want to make certain, and maybe it's just me being overly sensitive. Don't take Raph's announcement in any way as any indication that he had some responsibility for this promotional aspect for what went on. Raph's been tremendous for us. After running our international business, coming in and running marketing and strategic development and also business development, he's been critical to this business. This is not some kind of smoke and mirrors. This is Raph making the decision from a family standpoint that he's had issues with that he has to deal with right now. We support Raph in that from a family standpoint. This has nothing to do with him.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ryskin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. A lot of questions have been taken but I just want to follow-up on a couple points. One is, are you getting any sense that the pretty substantial price difference in the quarter, the discounts, are they being passed onto customers by the dentists? I know it's tough to measure those channels sometimes and it's aggregated, but are you getting any sense that the dentists themselves are being squeezed on pricing by the end customer and they have to do something to adjust?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: We don't have any data, Michael, to hold up with that. I'd say, remember there's a million points of light in this business too because there's so many doctors overall involved. But I don't feel this has to do with having these promotions actually in some way and have that passed onto consumers. It's just not the feedback we get or what we think is going on.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. And then a follow-up just real quick on the DSOs. I think you mentioned 40% growth in the quarter as a customer grouping. And the mix is shifting, still a small part of the overall business, but is there anything that's different there in terms of how much price you're able to get with those customers versus some of the stand-alone docs?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: From a DSO standpoint, obviously these are large contracts we put in place. And there's significant price discounts in the sense for the volumes that the DSOs offer. So, when we talk about mix, there's a certain amount of mix associated with DSOs. When you see these kind of growth rates, 40%, it's obviously some aspect of the mix that we're talking about. So, when you think about that too, Michael, is that we don't have to spend as much OpEx on the DSOs. And it's really important to understand. A lot of them since they're general dentists, they use their own patients to generate their demand. The normal GP dentists would have 1,500 to 2,000 patients per office. We could help them mine those patients to understand which ones would want orthodontic treatment or could stand for orthodontic treatment or not. We don't have to have the amount of sales coverage that we'd have with individual doctors. So you're going to have a lower overall ASP on those businesses, but we feel that from an OpEx standpoint we're not spending as much money too. So, from a gross margin standpoint, it's still positive for us.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yes. You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Cooley from Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Good evening, and thanks for letting me just hop in here at the end. Just two quick ones for me. Maybe, Joe, to start with, you mentioned in one of the prior questions price elasticity curves for the market. Could you maybe just give us your views, as the market continues to evolve, what level of margin you think that your higher echelon volume providers expect to maintain and maybe how that differs versus the lower tier provider as these markets evolve, just in terms of profitability by caseload? And then, just from a clarification standpoint, John, if I'm doing the math right, just kind of doing the puts and takes on the one-timers there on the tax rate in the quarter, am I right in that it's about $0.05 to the positive when we look at the net effect there for the 3Q? Thanks.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah, just on the tax, we just gave kind of the highlights of the overall that affected tax. We had guided 21% and ended up at 19.5%. So you can pretty much say that it's 1.5% of our tax was a few things that came in a little bit favorable compared to what we guide. But those two were just kind of the big puts and takes for the quarter.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Understood. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: As far as the price elasticity curves by docs going forward or whatever, I don't have any comments on that or really any projections of what that's going to be. When we talk about those things, we talk about segments. It would be lower segments or comprehensive segments or teen segments and those kinds of things. But we don't necessarily have that data by doctor or doctor tiers and where it's going to. And if we did have them, not so sure we'd share that anyhow. We just like to keep it at high level. But I'll just tell you that we're aware of these price elasticity curves from a specific  not just demographic, but a specific area of the marketplace all over the world. And we'd have to do promotions and things to test those. And obviously, we respond to those either favorably or not depending on what signals we get. It's an important part of why we do these programs.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. Well, thank you, everyone. That concludes our conference call today. If you have any further questions, please contact Investor Relations. And we look forward to seeing you at the upcoming conferences and at the Invisalign Ortho Summit next month. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc. Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc. John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.
Analysts: Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Suzie Yoon - Evercore Group LLC Glen Santangelo - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC Steven Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Align Technology, Inc. Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now liker to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, VP, Corporate and Investor Relations. Thank you. Please begin.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued second quarter 2018 financial results today via GLOBE NEWSWIRE which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on August 8. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13681104 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the third quarter of 2018. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We've posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our second quarter conference call web slides, on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan, Joe?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights on the quarter and then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments: clear aligners and scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the third quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. I'm pleased to report another better than expected quarter for Align. Our second quarter results reflect strong growth across our customer channels with record volume in all regions and almost every country market. Year-over-year revenue growth of 37.5% was driven by continued momentum from Invisalign doctors and increased adoption of Invisalign treatment for teenage patients which grew 42.1%. Q2 Invisalign volume growth of 30.5% year-over-year reflects increased utilization and expansion of our customer base which was over 50,000 for the first time and included more than 5,000 new Invisalign trained doctors. We also saw momentum from the iTero scanner and services business which includes the continued rollout of iTero scanners across Heartland Dental's supported offices as well as the first iTero scanner shipments to China. Turning to specifics around our second quarter results, let's start with results of our Americas region. For the Americas, Q2 was a good quarter with Invisalign case volume up 8.9% sequentially and 22.2% year-over-year reflecting growth in both our orthodontic and also GP dentist channels. In Q2, we trained 1,795 new Invisalign doctors in the Americas region, of which 640 were in Latin America alone, where we trained more doctors in the first half of this year than we did all of last year. For the Americas region, year-over-year growth was led by orthodontist customers with another record quarter for North American ortho utilization at 16.4 cases per doctor. Q2 Invisalign utilization for North American GP dentist were also up year-over-year at 3.6 cases per doctor reflecting continued expansion of the GP customer base which represented over 20,000 GPs for the first time in a quarter. For international doctors, Q2 was another strong growth with Invisalign case volume up 14.9% sequentially and 45.4% year-over-year, reflecting strong Invisalign volume across the board driven by both increased adoption as well as expansion of our customer base. For Q2, we're continuing to help expand the market for clear aligner treatment with approximately 1,650 newly trained doctors in EMEA. Year-over-year growth of Invisalign volume in EMEA was up 38% with a record quarter in all geographies as well as the teenage segment which was up 72% year-over-year. We also saw growth across our key expansion markets, led by Central and Eastern Europe. In May, we announced a grand opening of our first Invisalign treatment planning facility in Europe located in Cologne, Germany. Until recently, Invisalign treatment planning for EMEA doctors was conducted in Align's treatment planning facility in Costa Rica. The Cologne facility will also serve as a training facility for Invisalign doctors with a German speaking market providing clinical education and support in local language. In September, we'll host a grand opening of our new treatment planning facility in Madrid, Spain which will serve the Iberia market. In APAC, Q2 Invisalign volumes were up 58.7% year-over-year led by China, Japan, Australia, New Zealand. Our Q2 results reflect continued strong growth overall and especially from teen cases which were up 74.3% year-over-year. China continues to drive the majority of growth in the Asia-Pacific region and we are increasingly leveraging digital and social media marketing programs. Japan also had a strong year-over-year Invisalign growth, driven primarily by orthodontists as well as continued uplift from iTero scanners. In addition, GP dentist channel in APAC was up 77.9% compared to last year. Q2 was all-time high for Invisalign volume in our smaller expansion markets in Thailand and India which are still very early in their development and adoption cycle. Now turning to the teen market, in Q2, 78,400 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 13.6% sequentially and 42.1% year-over-year, driven by continued strong adoption across all major regions, led by North American orthodontists. Q2 was a seventh consecutive quarter that Invisalign teenage patient volumes grew faster than adults reflecting a shift toward younger teens and tweens. For Q2, year-over-year Invisalign teen patient growth for North American Orthos increased 30% and international doctors were up 73%. One of the key drivers behind our strong growth is continued product innovation. On July 1, we launched a new Invisalign Go product with a more user-friendly iTero digital chairside experience and greater flexibility to treat a wider range of mild to moderate cases such as crowded or gap teeth that require teeth straightening prior to restorative treatments. Invisalign Go also incorporates new data-driven clinical protocols for predictable tooth movement and automated case assessments which will make it easier for dentists to tailor the treatments and plans to the individual needs of each patient. We're very excited about the potential for Invisalign Go to help accelerate adoption among GP dentists worldwide. As we aim to create even greater preference for Invisalign treatment from doctors and consumers alike, especially in the teen market, a key factor is expanding clinically applicability of the Invisalign system in order to treat more complex cases. The launch of Mandibular Advancement feature last year has continued to ramp up and help drive adoption of Invisalign treatment among teenage patients in EMEA and APAC. Mandibular Advancement feature is pending FDA approval in the U.S. and we continue to expect approval in the second half of this year. On July 1, we began offering Invisalign First, designed specifically to address a broad range of younger patients' malocclusions, including shorter clinical crowns, management of eruption dentition and predictable dental arch expansion. While it's only been a few weeks, the initial response to Invisalign First has been very positive and excitement among top Invisalign doctors is rising and we're on a path to reach 1,000 Invisalign First cases across all regions in the first month alone. The $100 million investment we make each year in consumer marketing programs include TV, digital, social media, PR, event marketing and more recently, our Concierge service and Invisalign store pilot. Our goals are to make the Invisalign brand a household name worldwide and to motivate consumers to seek Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. In Q2, we continue to successfully leverage the Made to Move campaign we kicked off last year, which is our first fully integrated global consumer marketing campaign launched across all major markets. We also continued to build on regional programs like Teen and Mom campaign in North America and launched an entirely new initiative in APAC called Asian Smile in May. We have included the key indicators from our consumer marketing programs in the Q2 earnings slides posted on our website, so I won't go through them on this call. Needless to say, all metrics for tracking consumer interest are up with strong growth in Invisalign website visitors across APAC and opt-ins in the Americas region, which captures consumers who take an action on our website and give us permission to contact them directly. Our Smile Concierge program that we launched over a year ago is continuing to help more consumers start Invisalign treatment by shortening their research cycle and connecting them with an active Invisalign doctor. Year-to-date we scheduled over 30,000 Invisalign consultations in the U.S. which equates to connecting hundreds of consumers to Invisalign doctors every day. Concierge service is also equipping us with valuable consumer insights that help our doctors better engage with consumers in their practices and online. It's been very exciting to see how Invisalign doctors are working to reflect these insights and connect more effectively with the consumers that we send them every day. The Smile Concierge service is also expanding outside the U.S. with teams in Singapore, Brazil, Australia, and most recently the UK. And while it's still early, each of these countries are seeing great initial traction and helping more consumers become Invisalign patients. Sole purpose of the Invisalign store is to connect new potential patients with Invisalign doctors in their offices by raising awareness of Invisalign treatment and removing some common barriers for consumers to get started. Our experience with the stores continues to evolve and grow and we are learning a lot from our consumers and participating doctors. To-date, the Invisalign stores have contributed to a significant influx of consumer interest in the San Jose and San Francisco orthodontic marketplace. Over 8,000 consumers have visited our Align (sic) [Invisalign] stores. The average participating doctor in the store network has received dozens of scanned consumers, with the top providers easily receiving over 150 consumers. Many doctors have said the Invisalign stores have far surpassed their top referral sources. Earlier this month, we opened two new Invisalign stores in Bethesda, Maryland and King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. And we're excited to see the impact these pilots will have on the participating Invisalign practices in the area. We look forward to continuing to learn more from these pilot locations and we'll update you on our progress throughout the remainder of the year. In Q2, iTero revenues were up 10.9% sequentially as we saw benefit from the launch of iTero Element 2 and Element Flex, as well as the first commercial shipments of Element scanners in China. In April, we received China FDA approval to sell iTero Element in China. And, today, we announced that we have received regulatory approval to manufacture iTero Element in our new manufacturing facility in Ziyang, China. Year-over-year Q2 scanner revenues were up 60.9%, reflecting very strong growth across all regions and reflects the continued trend toward an end-to-end digital workflow starting with an iTero scanner on the front-end. Not only do Invisalign doctors with an iTero scanner have notably higher utilization rates than non-iTero doctors, but it also enables greater efficiency between precision dentistry and higher overall customer experience and satisfaction. Our dental service organizations or DSO partners have recognized the strategic fit of the iTero scanners and are adopting the platform across their business. In Q2, Heartland Dental continued to rollout iTero scanners across their U.S. supported locations and plan to have scanners in 90% of supported offices by the end of the year. Similarly, Aspen Dental will begin to rollout iTero scanners to their customer base over the next two quarters beginning in Q3. Use of iTero scanners for Invisalign case submissions in place of PVS impression continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q2, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to a record 69.3%, up from 67.3% in Q1. International scans increased 47.3%, up from 43.2% in Q1. Finally, in the Doctor-Directed at Home Channel, Align is a third-party supplier to SmileDirectClub or SDC. We manufacture a portion of SDC aligners which are non-Invisalign clear aligners. For Q2, shipments to SDC were up sequentially and higher than expected. In April, SDC filed a complaint alleging that the launch and operation of Align's Invisalign Store Pilot program constitutes a breach of non-compete provisions applicable to the members of SDC Financial LLC, including Align. On June 29, 2018, the Chancery Court for Davidson County, Tennessee, denied SDC's Entities' request for temporary injunction to prevent us from opening additional Invisalign stores. As you heard earlier, we will continue to open additional Invisalign stores as part of our pilot program designed to connect consumers interested in Invisalign treatment with Invisalign-trained doctors in their offices. We continue to dispute the allegations that we have breached our obligations to the SDC Entities under applicable law and will oppose any with a vigorous defend ourselves in the arbitration proceedings currently scheduled for December 2018. As it relates the SDC, we believe working with them was a way to influence and shape the evolving consumer market for clear aligners. Our objective was and still is to reach consumers who would not otherwise consider orthodontic treatment and connect them with Invisalign doctors in their offices. Our relationship with SDC has not worked out as expected. We have not been able to impact the decision-making process at SDC we had hoped and transfer the out-of-scope patients to an Invisalign doctor's office has not scaled as we had hoped. We do not anticipate renewing our supply agreement with SDC when it expires in 2019. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q2 financial results. Total company revenue for the second quarter was a record $490.3 million, up 12.2% from the prior quarter and up 37.5% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Year-over-year revenue growth was favorable in all regions. Clear Aligner revenue of $433.2 (sic) [$433.3] (16:21) million was up 12.4% sequentially on higher than expected volume. Year-over-year Clear Aligner revenue growth of 35% reflected strong Invisalign shipment growth across all customer channels and geographies and increased Invisalign ASPs. Q2 Invisalign ASPs were up sequentially approximately $5 from Q1 to $1,315, reflecting increased secondary revenue and favorable price (sic) [product] (16:50) mix, partially offset by unfavorable FX and sales promotions. On a year-over-year basis, Q2 Invisalign ASPs were up approximately $30, reflecting favorable FX, price increases, and product mix, partially offset by sales promotions and deferrals related to additional aligners. For the second quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 302.7 thousand cases were up 11.2% sequentially and up 30.5% year-over-year, driven by growth across all regions. For Americas orthodontists, Q2 Invisalign case volume was up 9% sequentially and up 25% year-over-year. For Americas GP dentists, Invisalign case volume was up 8.6% sequentially and up 18.2% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 14.9% sequentially and up 45.4% year-over-year. Our Scanner & Services revenue for the second quarter was $57 million, up 10.9% sequentially due to increased ASP benefiting from Element 2 and Element Flex product launches and the first Elements shipped into China. Year-over-year revenue was up 60.9%, primarily due to higher volume, product mix, and higher scanner ASPs. Moving onto gross margin, second quarter overall gross margin was 74.6%, down 0.3 points sequentially and down 1.4 points year-over-year. Clear Aligner gross margin for the second quarter was 76.5%, down 0.5 points sequentially, primarily due to costs from the regional expansion of our manufacturing operation and increased aligners per case. Clear Aligner gross margin was down 1.6 points year-over-year, primarily due to regional expansion of our manufacturing activities and increased aligners per case, partially offset by higher worldwide ASPs. Scanner gross margin for the second quarter was 59.6%, up 0.4 points sequentially due to higher scanner ASPs, partially offset by higher production variances and freight cost. Scanner gross margins were up 2.9 points year-over-year primarily due to higher scanner ASPs along with increased manufacturing efficiencies. Q2 operating expenses were $242.9 million, up sequentially 6% and up 29.6% year-over-year. The increase in operating expenses reflects continued investment in our go-to-market activities, including higher advertising spending, geographic expansion, as well as increased compensation related to expenses due to higher head count. Our second quarter operating income was $122.7 million, up 25% sequentially and up 46.8% year-over-year. Our second quarter operating margin was 25%, up 2.5 points sequentially and up 1.6 points year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating margin is primarily due to volume leverage and operating expense efficiencies. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in operating margin primarily reflects leveraged operating expenses on higher revenues from both Clear Aligner and Scanner & Services, as well as favorable foreign exchange rates. With regards to the second quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 6.6%, which includes the impact of $16.6 million in excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. Second quarter diluted earnings per share was $1.30, up $0.13 sequentially and up $0.45 compared to the prior year. Moving onto the balance sheet. As of the second quarter, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short and long-term investments, were $720.7 million. This compared to $673 million at the end of Q1, an increase of approximately $47.7 million, primarily due to increased collections and working capital improvements. Of our $720.7 million of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, $338.1 million was held in the U.S. and $382.6 million was held by our international entities. Q2 accounts receivable balance was $374.4 million, up approximately 3.6% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding, or DSOs, was 68 days, down 6 days sequentially and down 6 days from 74 days in Q2 last year. Our Q2 DSO is down sequentially as a result of improvements in both collections and AR aging. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were $57.7 million, primarily related to increased aligner capacity and facilities. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $139.8 million, up $29.3 million compared to the prior year. Free cash flow for the second quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $82.1 million. During the second quarter, we also announced a new $600 million stock buyback authorization. As of June 30, 2018, we have $100 million remaining under the April 2016 repurchase program that we expect to utilize during the remainder of 2018. With that, let's turn to our Q3 outlook and the factors that inform our view, starting with the demand outlook. We expect our international business to grow on a sequential basis as the APAC market is going into their strong teen season, offset somewhat by EMEA market going into their summer seasonality. For Americas, we expect North America to grow on strong teen demand, offset somewhat by seasonally slower adult season. LATAM will be flat on a sequential basis due to their summer holiday. We started selling iTero Element in China in Q2 of 2018. Additionally, Align has been effectively growing its iTero business in the North America DSO market. We expect a sequential increase in iTero units recognized as a result of these go-to-market activities. We continue to expect SmileDirectClub volume to be minimal in the third quarter. With this as a backdrop, we expect the third quarter to shape up as follows. Invisalign case volume is expected to be in the range of 302,000 to 307,000 cases, up approximately 28% to 30% over the same period a year ago. We expect Q3 revenues to be in the range of $493 million to $503 million, an increase of approximately 28% to 31% year-over-year. We expect Q3 gross margin to be in the range of 74% to 74.4%, reflecting higher expenses as we regionalize our treatment planning and manufacturing operations, partially offset by higher ASPs. We expect Q3 operating expenses to be in the range of $245 million to $249 million, up on a sequential basis to reflect our continued investment in go-to-market activities. Q3 operating margins should be in the range of 24.2% to 24.9%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 21%. We expect approximately $1.5 million equity loss related to our share of SmileDirectClub. And diluted shares outstanding should be approximately 81.6 million, exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q3 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.13 to $1.18. In addition, as we continue our operational expansion efforts, we expect CapEx for Q3 to be approximately $60 million to $65 million, and we expect depreciation and amortization to be $10 million to $11 million. Now let me turn to our view of 2018. Based on the momentum in our business to-date and our planned investments for the remainder of the year, we now anticipate 2018 total revenue growth rate to be above our long-term model and in the low to mid-30s. We expect Invisalign revenue and volume to be in the low 30s. Notwithstanding continued investments in our strategic growth drivers, we expect operating margin for the full year to be slightly up from 2017 operating margin of 24%. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, John, and thanks to those of you for joining our call today. 2018 is shaping up to be a very good year for Align, which reflects the continued execution of our four strategic goals and growth drivers that we focus on driving international expansion; increasing orthodontist utilization of Invisalign, especially with teenagers; enabling GP dentists to treat or refer more Invisalign cases; and generating consumer demand for Invisalign treatment for millions of people worldwide. We are pleased to see continued momentum across all of our regions and customer channels and believe that the investments we are making will continue to drive our growth well above the underlying industry. There is still a lot of work to be done to fully optimize the enormous market potential, but we remain steadfast in our vision to bring clear aligner orthodontics to the masses through our partnership with Invisalign doctors. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator, and we'll open the call up to your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. Two questions. Maybe the first one just on the guidance, certainly solid 3Q guidance, but curious if you can talk about at a high level what that allows for if anything from the incremental competition? In other words, you guys always seem to be a bit conservative on the guide. Are you even leaving a bit more wiggle room due to the unknown uptake around SureSmile and Clarity? And maybe just as a follow-on to that one, what if anything, Joe, have you heard about these offerings over the past few months since the ortho show? And then I've got a follow-up. Thanks.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Jon. This is John. I'll start with the first part of your question. We guide like we always guide taking the best information that we have. No change in terms of how we've taken this guidance. So we factor in many different factors into our forecast and this is no different from a guidance standpoint.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Jon. And from a competitive standpoint, there's nothing really different than what we saw from an AAO standpoint. I mean, obviously, you saw the Clarity product from Ormco that came out in Australia here recently. From what we see, there's again  it's just in line with other offerings that we see out there. And we'll take a stronger beat on that in the future. But right now I wouldn't say we have changed in any way our assessment of the competition that we saw at the AAO.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Helpful. And then the follow up, I'm going to put you a little bit on the gross margin trend. So, I know the long-term of 73% to 78% appears unchanged but the 2Q Invisalign gross margin is 76.5%. In my model, it's one of the lowest in the past handful of years. And guys maybe if we can talk about how that trends over the next 12 months. You talked about some of the deterioration being attributable to globalizing the supply chain. So do we think about, hey, as volumes start to go through those sites in coming quarters, maybe we see the GM specific to Invisalign stabilize and maybe even possibly reverse that trend? Thanks.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: That's right, Jon. As we're investing and globalizing, we think it's a long-term strategic importance to us. We'll see some of those investments. But as we add capacity and as we add production in those facilities, we'll see some improvement. And you also have to remember too we had a lot of  from a mix standpoint a lot of iTero in Q2. So the Q2 iTero affects us from a gross margin standpoint. But, as you know, it's a part of our long-term strategy and important for us from a growth standpoint.
Operator: Thank you.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Jon.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Jon.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for the questions. I guess just a few on the Aspen deal and the DSO opportunity, more broadly. I guess, maybe, Joe, or John, could you share how this deal came about? And, more importantly, would you be willing to share anything around any economic structure around the arrangement, if there's any kind of commitments or targets with Aspen? And then, Joe, if I heard you correctly I think you said that Heartland expects to have 90% of their practices within iTero by the end of the year. Curious if you'd maybe be willing to share how the Invisalign growth or uptake has tracked at Heartland as we think about that as a proxy for Aspen?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. First, on the Aspen deal and the Heartland deal, just from a high level standpoint is I think you know we've had a really strong GP focus in this business. But it's difficult at times to have an individual just focus on accounts and to drive the kind of penetration in the marketplace that we want. We find that DSOs are great partners for us in the sense of their ability to be able to spread what we want to do with our digital workflow and with our aligners across their base. And so, Heartland and Aspen both have been very open in the sense of working with us and frontloading their businesses with iTero that will allow them to  give them a very strong position in clear aligners. And so that's  it's just right in line with our GP strategy and it allows us to be able to multiply that strategy across a number of different locations with the DSOs that really help us. We've been working with Heartland for a while on clear aligners and their uptake of iTero scanners have been great. Our growth with Heartland has really been terrific. And they've been able to translate it across their organizations well. We haven't shared a whole lot of numbers in the sense of how that's going and we won't. That's how we want to handle that internally and how Heartland wants to handle that internally, too. But we're excited about the development. We think it's a way for us to be able to  it's a force multiplier for us in the sense of getting Align out there and getting it in front of a lot of customers. And iTero is still critical from a digital workflow standpoint to make it really productive. And at GP offices, you do that.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: No, no, I appreciate that, Joe. And then maybe I could just sneak one more in for John. On the 3Q EBIT margins, looks a little maybe softer than expected following a relatively strong 2Q on the EBIT margin line. And so just was wondering if you could talk about some of the moving pieces. I think you talked about some of the spending  areas of spend in your prepared remarks. So maybe just what informs that 3Q EBIT guide?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: I mean I think when we look at  as was noted earlier, we are investing globally to try to  as we regionalize some of our manufacturing and treatment clients, so there's some costs associated with that. We saw that in the second quarter. Some of that will continue into the third quarter. But we'll also see from an investment standpoint, from an operating expenditure standpoint, it's balanced. The high end of our guide is 24.9%, which is pretty consistent to what we saw in Q2.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Suzie Yoon - Evercore Group LLC: Hey, guys. This is Suzie Yoon on for Elizabeth. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on another nice quarter. Looks like total utilization was up nicely in the quarter. Could you just talk about some of the factors that drove the uptick in North America? And then a quick follow-up. Given your findings from the stores so far, how are you thinking about the future store plans?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: As far as the strong uptick, internationally, APAC, EMEA, but also North America. I'd say a lot of what you can see the growth from  there's good growth from an orthodontic standpoint and a lot of that is a teen marketplace. And I think you've known from previous calls, Suzie, we focused a lot on teens. And that's a really important focus for us because that's a majority of what we see in the orthodontic marketplace is the teen piece. So just seeing further evidence of our ability to be able to go after that marketplace. We're excited about the teen first launch we put in place. It allows you to do Phase 1 treatment  dental treatment on teens. And we have a good start, like we talked about, almost 1,000 starts (35:04) for the month. So it just reflects overall momentum that we continue to have that you've seen in other quarters too. From a store standpoint, we just opened up two stores, one in Maryland and one in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. We'll open up some more stores this year. I think we're doing much better in the sense of preparing doctors of how to integrate those consumers with doctors, and also we're learning a lot in the sense of how to communicate with patients, with visualization tools and things in the store that excite them about the Invisalign treatment. And then we do the proper hands-off to the doctor's office to do that. So it's just another vector for growth for us and a continuation of our consumer interaction from an advertising standpoint and be able to monetize that with the doctor base.
Suzie Yoon - Evercore Group LLC: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Glen Santangelo - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for taking the questions. Hey, Joe, I just want to talk to you about North America in a little bit more detail. I mean you have posted decent growth in that business, I think, 22% case shipment growth this quarter. But over the last six quarters it's trended pretty steadily in that 20% to 25% range. And I'm kind of curious to get your perspective like what percentage of the docs in this region have already been trained? And I guess what I'm really trying to get at is what's really the key to sort of breaking out of that 20% to 25% range and accelerating that growth because it feels like we're seeing very strong growth on the ortho side? We're seeing strong growth in terms of teens, but that number seems to be flat lined in that 20% to 25% range. So can you give us a little bit more color in terms of what's going on there?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: We feel good about our North American marketplace. When you talk about North America, look at Canada and the United States. And as you mentioned and I'll reemphasize, the teen piece is going extremely well. Are we doing well with GPs also on the lighter cases as we work through that? Yeah, I'd say with the steady state of that, when you start to look at our year-over-year comparisons that's still a very strong performance from a North American standpoint. So what we're doing to continue to expand that? In the orthodontics segment, of course, we've trained probably the majority of the orthodontists out there. But obviously there's refreshes. There's new products. There's a lot of things we have to continue to reenergize that market with and educate the market as we change that. On the GP side, obviously we just talked about the DSOs and that kind of an opportunity for us too. And then we feel the stores really help with that consumer initiation and turning those consumers into patients. So overall we have momentum in that marketplace. The third quarter is always a time where you see less of a GP marketplace and a strong orthodontic marketplace. That kind of reverses in the fourth quarter and so you will see in our third quarter piece we have a big number in there for teens on the ortho side to help that growth number.
Glen Santangelo - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And maybe just one quick follow-up on the DSOs. What percentage of the North American market would you say is now represented by DSOs? And any other contracts above Heartland and Aspen sort of worth calling out? And what I'm really also trying to understand is, are these GPOs or DSOs rather  are they just replacing the existing technology they have or are they using iTero to sort of augment maybe what they already have? Thanks and I'll stop there.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. I think just to start with your last question. The iTero is new to their office in the sense it's not an augmentation or replacement of equipment they currently have. It's more of a commitment to the DSOs for just the whole idea of digital dentistry. And obviously there's a different workflow that you have inside GPs and you have on orthos. And we've been able to more and more make sure that we have that kind of workflow capability within iTero and we continue to work with that so we can be a great tool for GPs in that sense. The DSOs  when you say what percentage of the market in North America, we normally quote 15% to 20%. That number kind of varies around depending on what you call a DSO and what you don't. So, the upper number to use on that is 20% and the other one is 15%. I hope I've answered the question.
Glen Santangelo - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Yep. That's fine. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, team. How are things?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Steve.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Steve.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: The first question is on China. So when I think about the drivers for this year that are incremental, clearly the China iTero launch is a big one. I wonder if you could dive in a little bit on how you think about the customer there. Maybe, more specifically, are these people who had access to Intraoral scanners and you're going through a swap process where you give them a better mousetrap? Or are these customers where they were really using PVS or is it somewhere in between?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Steve, it's amazing. I mean it's all PVS. This is not replacing scanners that are over there. So it's not a swap. So if you would see our offices in China at any point in time you just see rooms full of PVS boxes that would previously go to Mexico. So those VPNs that (40:22) we're seeing the number of digital scans come out of China just start to skyrocket for us. John and I were going over that a couple days ago on a trip. So, it's a new foundation. This just is incredible. I've been doing business in China now for over 20 years and I'm always amazed about the country's ability to target a new technology and just integrate it so quickly into the workflow. Just kind of  it's the fastest uptake in new technology in any country I've ever seen in the last 20 years. I saw that in the medical equipment business too. You have to train the marketplace. You have to get them ready. You have to be ready to service it well. There's a lot of just foundational infrastructure things you have to put in place there to be successful and not to frustrate them. But once that's in place and you know what to do, the uptake is amazing. And that's what we're seeing right now.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's what I was looking for. And then, just to follow-up. I mean you've given us between China and some of the DSO dynamics reasons to think that the iTero trajectory this year remains really, really strong, certainly beating our numbers. Should we think about the first half as a reasonable barometer for iTero growth for the second half or are there other puts and takes that we ought to factor into the model? Thanks so much.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I think, Steve, you're right to call these out. I would call them anomalies in the sense of not  I mean there's going to be great uptake in China. This is the initial uptake in China. We expect more going forward. On the DSO side, I mean, Heartland and Aspen, two of the biggest DSOs going. So, I wouldn't necessarily draw a line through this one and continue to draw it through the rest of the year. But we are having great success with iTero. You, as much as anybody, know how important that is from a standpoint of having an incredible foundation in place to be able to drive more Invisalign. And so you're seeing these big successes. We have little ones too. But these are big penetration moves and I wouldn't necessarily say that you should take it times 2X as you go into the second half.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Really appreciate it. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Good afternoon.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Joe, if you would kind of discuss the decision to manufacture iTero systems in China. Is that a cost play or a market access play? And would you expect, over some period of time, to actually shift some manufacturing to that location?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: That's actually a really good question, okay. That's a market access play. And having some experience of seeing that before, it's really important in the sense of how it's being done. And the Chinese government  those provincial governments have worked with us really well to make that work. And it's just so much easier to be able to address those Chinese regulations from a Chinese standpoint than it is, in this case, from an Israeli standpoint too. So that's why we're doing it. From a cost standpoint, this is not a cost play. I'd say expect cost to be neutral. If they are a little worse or a little better, you won't see it in our numbers in any way. So I wouldn't put it in your model.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks and a couple for John. First, any chance you could quantify the gross margin impact on the clear aligner business from the manufacturing capacity expansions? And then any pockets of inflation or material costs or freight or shipping costs that you're seeing in the business?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Nothing from a freight or material cost that is of note. It simply comes down to as we regionalize both from treatment planning as well as manufacturing going live in China from a manufacturing standpoint in Q4. There's start-up costs. You're adding that facility. You're training workers. You're getting that manufacturing up and running. And we saw some of that in Q2. We will see some of that in Q3. And then as we grow and as we get more volume out of those facilities, you see some normalize again. So, it's short-term. It's something that we've expected. And then once we're fully up and running, we get the benefits of being local, faster to our customers. We reduce freight costs. There's a lot of other offsets that we see, but we have to get that facility up and running and that will be in Q4.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey. Thanks. On your retail store pilot, I understand it's still early days here, but you gave some preliminary metrics at your Investor Day as it relates to the sell-through traction with the retail stores and with, I guess, the majority of the scanned patient scheduling appointments after visiting. I guess I'm curious, do you have an update on any of these metrics and if there's a conversion rate at all that you could speak to into actual Invisalign customers? Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks for the question and thanks for the interest. I think, at this point in time, we gave you as much as we wanted to give you at the Investors Meeting. We still call these pilot stores and they are. We're making a lot of iterations as we go through that. But we feel good about the progress. As we get more stores out there and we move this thing more firmly as our stores and not call them pilots, and I'd say as we move into next year we'll be more open with you in the sense of the close rates, number of patients going through. But, as I mentioned on our announcement, we have about 8,000 patients that have gone through those stores already. And then there's varying conversion rates. But, again, not ready to share that yet.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Totally fair. On the DSO relationships, I guess can you speak to how the conversation and the sales cycle had evolved, I guess, at Aspen and potentially with other DSOs and the opportunity there. Is there any sort of new approach that you're taking from a DSO perspective in that sales process?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: We take a broad approach to both of them. These are very good businesses. They're extremely successful what I call businesses too because they operate in a business sense. So we're able to, I think, communicate well in a broad sense what we can bring to the practice and how we can help to drive growth throughout. I mean, obviously, DSOs  one of the keys are going to be in-store sales. And being able to have an iTero inside that store and be able to drive more aligner sales, Invisalign sales through those is a big help. So, it's just we have organized within the business to be able to work with DSOs much better, bring the resources in place and we put those things in place under Frank Quinn and North American organization over the last 18 months. He's done a terrific job. So, it's not just us. It's the DSOs reaching out for us too. These are good partnerships that are well understood and we're excited about both of them and we feel they'll be successful.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Richard Newitter with Leerink Partners. Please proceed.
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. First one on just competition. Joe, is there anything since some of the competitors launched back in May that you're hearing in terms of how they're approaching their customers there and potentially your customer bases with respect to trialing or getting some initial kind of traction in the field or has it been relatively kind of quiet? And then with respect to the guidance question and competition is there anything at all factored into your 2018 growth outlook, including the revised one, any kind of impact from competition? Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. I'd say from a competitive standpoint what we see in the marketplace is kind of what you expect. I'd say it's a cautious approach from a competition standpoint. I'd call  if you take a look at 3M, they more like slipstream into the marketplace behind their wires and brackets business and try to get a few uptakes. We'll be on road this week in North America just out talking to many customers, most of the EMC staff. And the feedback that we get is they're being contacted, but there's nothing really that's different from what was the output from the AAO in that piece. And so there's some interest and curiosity I'd say from a customer base, but there's not a momentum piece or anything that we are adjusting the business around right now.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: And I would say, Rich, as we guide and as we forecast we're always looking at what's happening in the market, products that are coming, what's happening with competition. So that's in our way that we look at our guidance and what we expect to see coming. So when we look at our revenue that we talk to for 2018 to low to mid-30s that is inclusive of what we see from a competitive standpoint.
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Great. And then maybe just one quick follow-up. You're still guiding to Mandibular Advancement FDA approval in the back half of 2018. Anything that occurred intra quarter to kind of give you the confidence to reiterate that timeline? Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: It's an old saying no news on the FDA is good news. So we're still looking at the fourth quarter for this year.
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays. Please proceed.
Steven Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, just for me, given that you mentioned that you do not plan to renew your current agreement with SmileDirectClub next year, just curious kind of thinking out loud about this. Would you still consider partnering with other players in that direct market? Or is it more likely you'll just kind of abandon any partnerships, maybe just try your best on your own to just capture any volume in that direct market through your various initiatives? Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. I don't have any interest from a manufacturing standpoint of supporting other, what we call, direct to consumer kind of aligner companies. We're going to run our play in a sense of our stores and how we work with our doctor partners. We feel strongly that a doctor's office approach is a great approach to take, given the seriousness of moving teeth. And that's the vector we're pursuing in this business. And so it'd be kind of disingenuine is after our agreement with SDC runs out that we go find someone else to supply aligners to. We have no interest in that from a strategic standpoint at all.
Steven Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ryskin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the call. Congrats on the quarter. Real quick one for Joe and then one for John. For the second half outlook and for the fiscal year, I noticed you bumped up the revenue guide incrementally. Is there anything there in terms of that you're seeing from the new products, whether it's Mandibular Advancement internationally, or from the new iTero launches, or Invisalign First that's giving you a little bit more confidence with how that's started? Or is it more let's call it the legacy business that you're just seeing stability in?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Mike, this is John. I think it's a combination. I think we're seeing, as we've seen in the last couple quarters here, great growth across our legacy business. We're driving great teenage growth. We have a lot of momentum internationally, and we're seeing that. But then as we've seen we've seen great iTero volume as well. So, the DSO business that we've talked about being able to have a release in China, so that in the second quarter we expect that to continue into the second half. So there's a lot of momentum given our existing business, but we have either new products on iTero with the various products that we have, Flex and iTero, too, and then also some of the expansion that we're doing in China and other places.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. And then a quick follow-up on a previous question specifically about iTero in China. You mentioned that right now or previously it was all predominantly PVS. How quickly do you see that market evolving? And in five years can you get similar rates of digital submission as you get in North America or at least elsewhere internationally? Or how long of a timeframe is it going to take to ramp that up?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: As I talked about in the last call, these ramp-up times in China will be faster than they were in the Western world. We know that. The intervening variable in that equation is we're signing up more and more doctors in China, not just orthodontists but GPs. And so those could entitle more PVS impressions, too. So if we look at the current kind of installed base of docs and who submits through that, I feel very confident you'll see this ramped up really dramatically in the next two to three years. But outside of that we might have just other doctors who maybe not buy an iTero but still want to submit for that could come into the equation. And it's just hard to project what that could be.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. And then one really quick one, the 5 points of FX tail in the first quarter. Can you quantify? I'm sure it was down small in 2Q. But how much was it?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Actually 2Q was about 4%. So on a year-over-year basis, we saw a little bit less FX benefit on a year-over-year basis than the first quarter but still at 4%.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And the same one-third flow through to the bottom line?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: That's right. We saw, actually, about two-thirds flow through to the bottom line.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. Thanks a lot.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Maybe just a couple cleanup questions here. Joe, I didn't hear you say anything about the 19% equity stake with SDC. Is there any change to that once you end the supply agreement at the end of 2019?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I don't know, honestly, Jeff. I'd say we still own that. We'll have to find a way to reconcile that. But that's  after we get our operational conflict out of the way I think that will be addressed.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Fair enough and then on the store concept or the Pilot Store, sorry. How many more are you thinking about opening this year? And, I guess, John, maybe you can walk us through. There's obviously expenses involved in opening those stores. I'd assume maybe that's a little bit of some of the EBIT questions that have been on the call today, as well. But I also hear that you guys are getting full list price on those cases or at least very good pricing on those cases. So, I would assume there's a breakeven here that's pretty quick on these stores. So any comments or kind of color you can provide on that would be helpful. Thanks.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Jeff, this is John. Yes, you're right. Stores  we've got four now. By the end of the year, we'll have 10 stores or so. We continue to find places that are very strategic to us, the right place to turn those consumers into patients through our doctor's offices. There's expenses related to start-up. There's also some targeted marketing that we do in the area. But don't think of it all as incremental. Think of it as we're spending money in certain places on some of the marketing and advertising. And instead of going as maybe as broad, we can go a little bit more targeted to be able to try to get that consumer conversion. So when we look at the second half and what we've guided for the year, we've now said that we expect to be up in operating margins from 2014. So there's no flat anymore. So, with these investments that we're making, we still think that they're ultimately incremental to our business and a key part of our strategy.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. See you, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. Joe, I don't think you've mentioned the financing pilot. Can you just give us your latest thoughts on that? And if you're considering taking it more broad, what the timing might be?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I'll turn you over to my expert on the financing.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, John. This is John. So, on financing, it's really moved from a pilot to  it's fully released now. And what it is is a tool that we have with our sales team as well as working with our doctors to be able to give patients options in terms of financing, so they can do some things where they can look to come up with financing over a period of time. It's beneficial to the doctor. It's beneficial for the patients. Ultimately, we get paid faster. So there's a lot of wins. But really what we're trying to do is make it easier for those end customers, those end patients to be able to come up with financing to be able to get them into treatment and we think it's a benefit to everybody in this value chain to be able to get a higher conversion. So it's gone from pilot to full release. And we're actively working with doctors and potential patients to get the understanding of this.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. And then just one more follow-up, another DSO question. I think there's maybe 50 of size in the U.S., at least that's my understanding. How many of those would you say you've got relationships with at this point?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, I'd say we probably have contact with over 75% of them. I wouldn't say we have a relationship to the degree we have with Aspen and Heartland in that sense, John. So obviously DSOs are on our list in a sense to work with (58:32) and we put together an organization to do that. But right now we're really focused on the agreements we've put in place and we want to make sure that we really work and execute well on these.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. You're welcome, John.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our Q&A session. Allow me to hand the floor back over for closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact our Investor Relations department. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc. Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc. John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.
Analysts: Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Kevin M. Farshchi - Piper Jaffray & Co. Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC Steve J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Align Technology First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Shirley Stacy. Please go ahead.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued first quarter 2018 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Note that, beginning in Q1 2018, the American region now includes the U.S., Canada and Latin America. Previously, Latin America was combined with the EMEA results for reporting purposes and included in the international total. While the Latin America region has been relatively immaterial to Align's overall results, we've adjusted our prior-period regional breakouts to reflect this change so our year-over-year comps are consistent. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on May 9. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13678038 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters will discuss today will include forward-looking statements including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the second quarter of 2018. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We've posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our first quarter conference call slides, on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights in the quarter and briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, clear aligners and scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the second quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. I'm pleased to report better-than-expected first quarter results and a strong start to the year for Align with the revenue  with revenues, volumes and EPS above guidance. Record Q1 revenues were up 41% year-over-year, reflecting continued strong Invisalign volume across all geographies and customer channels, as well as iTero scanner sales which are up over 84% year-over-year. Q1 Invisalign volume growth of 31% year-over-year was driven by increased utilization, including strong teen case growth globally and expansion of our customer base, which included over 4,200 new Invisalign-trained doctors worldwide. Turning to specifics around our first quarter results. Let's start with results of our Americas region. For the Americas, Q1 was a good quarter with Invisalign volume up 7.1% sequentially and 24% year-over-year, reflecting growth in both our Orthodontist and GP Dentist channels. In Q1, we trained 1,600 new Invisalign doctors in the Americas region, of which 455 were in Brazil alone. We're also seeing a continued ramp-up for Invisalign treatment. For the Americas region, year-over-year growth was led by Ortho customers with another record quarter for North America Ortho utilization of 15.3 cases per doctor. Q1 Invisalign utilization for our North American GP Dentist were also up year-over-year, although modestly and predominantly reflecting continued expansion of the GP customer base, which included 900 from new North American GPs who submitted Invisalign cases for the first time this quarter. During the quarter, we focused on key sales and marketing initiatives intended to drive growth with certain key customers. And in Q1, we continued to see higher rates among doctors in these programs than among non-participating doctors. We also saw a nice uptick in Q1 from our dental service organizations, or DSO channel. DSOs remain a very strategic part of our overall strategy, as they look to scale operations and accelerate growth for their practices through continued investment in our end-to-end digital workflow, including Invisalign treatment and iTero scanners. At the Association of Dental Support Organizations, ADSO, Meeting in Austin last week, two of our largest partners spoke to major DSOs about their success in integrating Invisalign treatment and digital scanning into their organizations. And our special markets team continues to build on these wins across the region. For international doctors, Q1 was another strong quarter with Invisalign case volume up 6.2% sequentially and 43.4% year-over-year, reflecting strong Invisalign volume across the board, driven by both increased adoption as well as the expansion of our customer base, which included another 2,645 new Invisalign-trained providers with roughly half of EMEA and half in APAC. From a customer channel perspective, while we continue to see strong growth from both the Ortho and GP practices, we're beginning to see more positive traction in the GP channel from segmenting our sales and marketing resources and programs specifically around each channel. For Q1, we're continuing to help expand the market for clear aligner treatment with approximately 1,600 newly-trained doctors in EMEA, of which half were new Invisalign Go GPs. Year-over-year growth in Invisalign volume in EMEA was up 36.6% with record volume in all but one core country market. This performance reflects continued confidence in treating complex cases with Invisalign clear aligners, as well as success in the GP channel, which was up over 67% year-over-year. The growth was led by Iberia and France, which were up over 40% year-over-year, and Iberia became our third largest market worldwide for the first time following China, our second largest market after United States. We also saw strong growth across our key expansion markets led by Central and Eastern Europe and Benelux, where we continue to increase our sales and marketing resources across the board and began to implement consumer marketing programs. In APAC, Q1 Invisalign volumes were up 56.1% year-over-year, led by China, Japan and Australia with China solidifying as our second largest worldwide market. Our Q1 results reflect continued strong growth overall and especially from teen cases, which were up 73% year-over-year. In addition, we saw strong growth from our GP channel, which was up over 70% compared to last year. We also continue to see positive uplift from Invisalign customers with iTero scanners. For Q1, Japan had a record quarter and showed very strong growth from doctors, who have previously purchased iTero Element scanners. Finally, Q1 was an all-time high for Invisalign volume and our smaller expansion markets in Thailand, Singapore and Korea, where we are still very early in their development and adoption cycles. Now, turning to the teen market. In Q1, 69,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 8.8% sequentially and 40.9% year-over-year, driven by continued strong adoption across all major regions and increasingly among younger teens and tweens. Q1 was the sixth consecutive quarter that Invisalign teenage patient volumes grew faster than adults. Overall, teen case growth is outpacing adult growth on both comprehensive and non-comprehensive products. For Q1, year-over-year Invisalign Teen patient growth for North America's Orthos increased 33% and internationally was up 60%. The average age among teenagers continue to get younger and younger, falling 6 months over the last seven quarters to 14 years old. This trend in average age should continue downward, as we commercialize Invisalign products that support treatment of young teens and children, including Mandibular Advancement and Invisalign First, which we announced earlier this month. Invisalign Teen with Mandibular Advancement, or MAF, as we call it, continues to ramp internationally. It is currently pending FDA approval in the United States, which is slotted for approval in the second half of this year. The lift analysis that we have suggests a direct halo effect from MAF users that results in a higher percentage of teenagers treated with Invisalign clear aligners. Invisalign First clear aligners is a new Invisalign treatment designed with features specifically for younger patients with early mixed dentition. Phase 1 treatment, which makes up roughly 20% of case starts each year, is early interceptive orthodontic treatment traditionally done through arch expanders or partial metal braces before all permanent teeth have erupted, typically ages 6 through 10. To-date, Invisalign First clear aligners have been used to treat over 600 patients and will be commercially available beginning July 1 in 2018. Earlier this month, we announced an expanded Invisalign product portfolio that includes new options and greater flexibility to treat a broader range of patients. The revamped Invisalign product portfolio offers doctors more choices by extending desirable features across the entire portfolio and creating Invisalign treatment packages, as well as a new Invisalign First option to treat young patients with early mixed dentition. The new Invisalign clear aligner treatment options will be effective July 1, 2018. Today, we announced a new more user friendly version of our Invisalign Go product and digital platform that offers greater flexibility and expanded treatment options for simple teeth straightening cases. Invisalign Go offers intuitive Invisalign experience designed for GPs worldwide, who are seeking to integrate clear aligner therapy into their thriving comprehensive dentistry practices. We started the year off with strong consumer interest in the first quarter, over 4 million unique visitors to Invisalign websites worldwide, up 54% from the same quarter last year. More than 500,000 potential patients search for an Invisalign provider on our Doc Locator webpage, up 27% from the same quarter last year. Almost 220,000 consumers opted in for follow-up, and the Invisalign social media community grew over 20% year-over-year, adding 688,000 consumers who are following the Invisalign brand worldwide. All metrics for tracking consumer interest are up with especially strong growth in website visitors across APAC and opt-ins in Americas region. During the quarter, we also expanded on our customer outreach through the addition of our second Invisalign pilot store near our headquarters in San Jose, California. We're seeing great initial ramp-up in both San Francisco and San Jose stores, as we connect consumers to authorized Invisalign providers and we'll continue to monitor store activity. The Invisalign stores are a doctor-based model. Consumers who visit an Invisalign store are referred to a doctor's office where a doctor performs a personal clinical examination of the patient and a treatment plan. The doctor will follow the patient until the case is completed. In Q2, we are opening two additional pilot stores on the East Coast, one in Bethesda, Maryland and another in Philadelphia area. We look forward to continuing to learn more from these four locations and sharing our progress throughout the year. As we head into our highest investment period of the year for our consumer marketing program, which includes the very important summer season for teenage case starts, we plan to increase spend across mom and teen marketing programs to focus on raising awareness and turning more consumers into Invisalign patients through our doctor's offices. In Q1, iTero revenues were down 10% sequentially, as expected following a strong Q4, which reflected year-end seasonality in the capital equipment business. Year-over-year, Q1 scanners were up 84%, reflecting very strong growth across all regions and reflects how central a digital approach is to overall customer utilization of Invisalign treatments. Use of iTero scanners for Invisalign case submissions in place of PVS impressions continues to expand and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For the first quarter, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to a record 67.2%, up from 65.3% in Q4 last year. International scans increased to 43.1%, up from 41.4% in Q1 last year. To-date, more than 7.7 million orthodontic scans and 2.7 million restorative scans have been started with iTero scanners. Today, we announced the expansion of our iTero Element portfolio with the launch of the iTero Element 2 and the iTero Element Flex scanners. These additions build on the existing high-precision, full color imaging and fast scan times of iTero Element portfolio, while streamlining orthodontic and restorative workflows. The next-generation iTero Element 2 is designed for greater performance with 2x faster startup and 25% faster scan processing times compared to iTero Element. The new iTero Element Flex is a wand-only device that transforms compatible laptop computers into a highly portable scanner that works anywhere. It's perfect for practices with multiple locations who need a scanner that is both convenient and easy to transport. The new scanners will be showcased at the AAO meeting next week. Today, we also announced that we'll have received market approval for iTero Element intraoral scanner from the CFDA, that's the China Food and Drug Administration and we've begun offering the iTero Element scanner in China. Intraoral scanners have less than a 2% penetration rate in China today and are expected to grow 6x by 2020. The iTero Element scanner launch in China not only supports growth of our base Invisalign clear aligner business, but also represents a major milestone for digital dentistry in China. Finally, in the doctor-directed at-home channel, Align is a third-party supplier to SmileDirectClub with a 19% equity investment in the company. We manufacture a portion of SDC aligners, which are non-Invisalign clear aligners. For Q1, shipments to SDC were down sequentially, as expected, reflecting SDC's desire to produce their own clear aligners. Today, we issued a separate press release commenting on SDC's allegation that the launch and operation of our Invisalign store pilot program constitutes a breach of non-compete provisions. As disclosed previously, we dispute SDC's allegations and intend to continue on Invisalign store pilot program and we oppose and defend ourselves in these proceedings. While this dispute does not impact our existing supply agreement with SDC, which is in effect through 2019, we anticipate minimal volume from SDC in Q2 in the second half of 2018. With that, I'll turn it over to John.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Joe. Now, for our Q1 financial results. Total company revenue for the first quarter was a record $436.9 million, up 3.7% from the prior quarter and up 40.8% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Year-over-year revenue growth includes a five point benefit from favorable foreign exchange. Clear aligner revenue of $385.5 million was up 5.8% sequentially on higher than expected volume. Year-over-year clear aligner revenue growth of 36.5% reflected strong Invisalign shipment growth across all customer channels and geographies and increased Invisalign ASPs. Q1 Invisalign ASPs were up sequentially approximately $5 from Q4 to $1,310, reflecting favorable foreign exchange and product mix, partially offset by sales promotions and revenue deferrals. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 Invisalign ASPs were up approximately $40, reflecting favorable foreign exchange, price increases and product mix partially offset by sales promotions and deferrals related to additional aligners. For the first quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 272,200 cases were up 6.7% sequentially and up 30.8% year-over-year, driven by growth across all regions. For Americas' Orthodontists, Q1 Invisalign case volume was up 8.5% sequentially and up 27% year-over-year. For Americas' GP Dentists, Invisalign case volume was up 5.1% sequentially and up 19.6% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 6.2% sequentially and up 43.4% year-over-year. Our scanner and services revenue for the first quarter was $54.4 million, down 10% sequentially due to the lower volume from the Q4 seasonality effect and up 84% year-over-year, primarily due to higher volume partially offset by lower ASPs due to promotions and discounts. Moving on to gross margin. First quarter overall gross margin was 74.9%, down 0.6 points sequentially and down 1 point year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the first quarter was 77%, down 0.6 points sequentially primarily due to increased aligners per case and higher training costs, partially offset by higher Invisalign ASPs. Clear aligner gross margin was down 0.9 points year-over-year, primarily due to regional expansion of our manufacturing activities partially offset by higher worldwide ASPs. Scanner gross margin for the first quarter was 59.2%, down 2.8 points sequentially due to lower scanner ASPs related to promotions and discounts. Scanner gross margins were up 3.1 points year-over-year primarily due to lower services costs partially offset by lower scanner ASPs. Q1 operating expenses were $229.2 million, up sequentially 10% and up 31.8% year-over-year. The increase in operating expenses reflects continued investment in our go-to-market activities including higher advertising spending, geographic expansion, as well as increased compensation related to expenses due to higher head count in our planned annual increase in employee compensation programs. Our first quarter operating income was $98.2 million, down 10.4% sequentially and up 59.2% year-over-year. Our first quarter operating margin was 22.5%, down 3.5 points sequentially and up 2.6 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating margin relates primarily to lower gross margin due to operational expansion activities, higher operating expenses as just described and lower SmileDirectClub-related revenue. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in operating margin primarily reflects higher revenues from both clear aligner and scanner and services, as well as favorable foreign exchange rates. With regards to the first quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 2.9%, which includes $23.3 million in excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation and is down by approximately 89.5 points compared to 92.4% in Q4 of 2017 primarily due to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December last year. First quarter diluted earnings per share was $1.17, up $1.04 sequentially and up $0.32 compared to the prior year. Recall that Q4 2017 diluted earnings per share of $0.13 included $86.6 million expense or $1.06 per diluted share impact due to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Finally, in Q1, we adopted ASC 606 revenues from contracts with customers using the full retrospective method. While the impact to the Q1 2017 and Q1 2018 P&Ls are immaterial, the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2017 has been recasted to comply with ASC 606 requirements. MOVING on to the balance sheet. As of the first quarter, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities including both short and long term investments were $673 million. This compares to $761.5 million at the end of 2017, a decrease of approximately $88.5 million, primarily due to $100 million in stock repurchased during the quarter. Of our $673 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $236 million was held in the U.S. and $436.2 million was held by our international entities. Q1 accounts receivable balance was $361.5 million, up approximately 11.5% sequentially. Our overall days sales outstanding, DSOs, was 74 days, up 5 days sequentially and down 3 days from 77 days in Q1 last year. Even though our accounts receivable aging profile has improved, the Q1 DSO was up sequentially as a result of increased sales with extended payment terms that are available in certain regions. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $57.6 million, primarily related to building purchases and improvement, equipment purchases for additional manufacturing capacity, as well as our global expansion efforts including the new manufacturing facility in Ziyang, China mentioned last quarter. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $77.3 million, up $29.7 million compared to the prior year. Free cash flow from the first quarter defined as cash flow from operations, less capital expenditures, amounted to $19.7 million. During the first quarter, we also report  repurchased approximately 400,000 shares of stock for $100 million under the April 2016 repurchase program. We have $100 million remaining available for repurchase under this existing stock repurchase authorization. Other significant cash flow activities during the quarter included the receipt of $30 million from SmileDirectClub for repayment of their existing line of credit and we paid $47.8 million in employees' taxes upon vesting of restricted stock units. With that, let's turn to our Q2 outlook and the factors that inform our view, starting with the demand outlook. We expect our international business to grow significantly on a sequential basis as the European market is coming out of their winter season. And most of the APAC market we're observing Lunar New Year in the first quarter. For the Americas region, we expect Q2 to grow as our Ortho and GP customers are seasonally busier and as we continue to make progress in our Latin America expansion. We continue to invest in our iTero go-to-market activities. We started selling iTero Element in Brazil in Q1, and we have started selling iTero Element in China in Q2. We expect sequential increase in iTero units sold and revenues. As Joe mentioned earlier, we are currently in litigation with SmileDirectClub regarding our Invisalign store pilot. And while this does not impact our supply agreement, the state of our relationship, we are assuming minimum volumes for SmileDirectClub in Q2 in the second half of 2018. With this as a backdrop, we expect the second quarter to shape up as follows. Invisalign case volume is expected to be in the range of 296,000 to 301,000 cases up approximately 28% to 30% over the same period a year ago. We expect Q2 net revenues to be in the range of $460 million to $470 million, an increase of approximately 29% to 32% year-over-year. We expect Q2 gross margin to be in the range of 74.2% to 75%, reflecting higher expenses as we regionalize our treatment planning and manufacturing operations, partially offset by higher ASPs. We expect Q2 operating expenses to be in the range of $245 million to $250 million, up on a sequential basis to reflect our continued investment in go-to-market activities. Q2 operating margin should be in the range of 21% to 21.8%. Our effective tax rate, including an excess tax benefit of about $10 million should be approximately 13%. We expect a $1 million to $2.5 million loss related to our share of SmileDirectClub, and diluted shares outstanding should be approximately $81.6 million exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q2 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.02 to $1.06. In addition, as we continue to operational  our operational expansion efforts, we expect CapEx for Q2 to be approximately $65 million to $70 million, and we expect depreciation and amortization to be $10 million to $11 million. Now, let me turn to our view of 2018. Based on the momentum in our business to-date and our planned investments for the remainder of the year, we now anticipate 2018 total revenue growth rate to be above our long-term model and in the low 30s. We also expect Invisalign volume and  revenue and volume to be growth in that same range. Notwithstanding continued investments in our strategic growth drivers, we expect operating margin for the full year to be flat to slightly up from 2017 operating margin of 24%. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, John, and thanks to those for joining the call today. I'm pleased with our start to 2018 as well as our continued progress and execution of our strategic growth drivers. There are a lot of changes happening in Dentistry and Orthodontics today. But the industry remains healthy and I think customers are starting to see new opportunities for how they treat patients and reach new customers. We're looking forward to an exciting and productive AAO Meeting in Washington, D.C. where we'll get to showcase our new products on the scanner side and also with Invisalign First. We're also going to have a pop up version of our Invisalign pilot store as a way to answer customer questions and to get their perspective on our program. Then, we'll be in Singapore at the end of May, hosting our third Asia-Pacific Summit. We will be expecting about 1,000 delegates from across the region attending a two-day peer-to-peer education event. We've got a lot going on in Q2 and I look forward to sharing more with you at our upcoming financial conference at our Investor Day in New York on May 23. Thinking about Monday for sure. On May 23. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator, and we'll open up to your questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks guys for the question. Joe, just looking at the expected new revenue growth rate for the year, you know now above the long-term model. I'm sure it's a combination of several factors, but I was hoping maybe you could just maybe in ranked order attribute what really has gone better than expected so early in the year, if we think about teen off to a good start on the new product launches. Obviously, iTero seems to be pacing much better than certainly we were expecting. Could you maybe just give us some insight into what out of the gate this year has gone better than planned?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, we had an aggressive plan for the year. But to start off, Bob, I'd say, if you look at the international business, it continues to be very strong with APAC and EMEA, really good performance in the Americas particularly around North America, too. We started to segment it. You mentioned it. Our teen product is up pretty substantially that way. iTero sales have been terrific in that sense. We talked about how customers more and more are recognizing that whole digital workflow and how important it is. And you can see with our scanning now North American being close to 67%, that's just really working out well. And we know when they purchase iTero scanner, we see more Invisalign sales. Lastly, I'd say our segmentation  I mentioned it in my script too, is the segmentation of GP and Ortho very specifically and also segmenting consumers in the sense of our Concierge service and how more and more we target consumers and lead them into specific docs from a Doc Locator standpoint. And that's gone a little better than expected too. So, overall, the company has been executing well across geographies and across our segmentation and product plans.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. And I appreciate that. And then, it looks like you're seeing some early traction already from Invisalign First. I was wondering if maybe you could share with us how that launch of a product like that changes the addressable market that you can actually go after. Just getting some thoughts from you would be helpful around how much more expanded that the younger market becomes with a product like First?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. First of all, those 600 cases we did, that product launches in July. Those were actually just cases we put in place from a clinical study standpoint to prove the whole thing. So, really, that 600 is  I mean, you're going to see us do more and more clinical work like that to do a lot of cases, Bob, just to make sure that we have good evidence for our customer bases we go out there to work on. Secondly, when you look at the teen marketplace, palatal expansion, or what we call Phase 1 represents about 20% of the marketplace. Now, this is dental expansion. It's not morphology or bone expansion like you have in rapid palatal expansion. So, in the past, we said we've roughly can do 60% to 65% of the cases with Invisalign. What Invisalign First dental expansion does is expand that that market served opportunity another 10%. And then, we'll follow that with a rapid palatal expander that we're currently going through now, and that will increase it another 10%, too, so we can cover that whole 20% Phase 1 part that you have with teens out there. And that also has a good entree for us because often it's Phase 1, Phase 2 treatments were teens or young children that are 7 to 8 age have the palate expansion play and then it goes on to dental kind of work from an orthodontic standpoint later on in their teens. And so, there's a good transition period for that, too. So it's a great product. It's targeting that segment of the marketplace that we haven't had technology at before and it's specifically an orthodontic product that we've developed here.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Awesome. Great. Thanks for the questions.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: All right, Bob. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon. Joe, to the extent you're comfortable, I would love to just hear your view on kind of what the path forward is with respect to SDC, SmileDirect. And then, John, any chance you could share with us the percent of cases that you manufactured for them in the first quarter?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: We can't really get into specifics. And obviously, we're going through litigation, we have to work through litigation. I'll just say we continue to have a good relationship with David and his team, and we just have a disagreement in the sense of obviously the contract that we're in and we're going to work through this from a litigation standpoint, so as that develops, we'll be able to be more clear with you as to what's going on.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Fair enough. And then, one more. Joe, with respect to the Invisalign store model, would be curious to hear your views on how that's tracking relative to plans. It looks like you pulled forward perhaps by a couple of quarters the East Coast build outs. What are some of the things you're learning and what have you learned so far from the initial experience?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Brandon, first of all, we didn't pull those forward. That was in our plan as we had for 2018 and we're just sequentially putting them in. And we've learned  honestly, these stores, we've learned a lot in the sense and these  what we learn helps our doctors an awful lot too about how you take a basic consumer and you turn them into a patient. We learned that visualization is really important. The speed of that visualization, I mean, you scan, you can show a patient what their teeth are going to look like with certain kind of treatment options, gives them a lot of confidence then to go to a doctor and to see a doctor and to complete that treatment piece. We've learned a lot about our software too in the sense of how it has to respond from a patient standpoint. There's also a lot that we're doing from a marketing standpoint in the sense of turning interest from a consumer over to a store and then back to a doc. In other words, turning consumers into patients also. Through all that, I'll tell you the iTero scanner again is really critical in being able to do this. It's really the key on the visualization piece. But also, our treatment software planning in the sense of making it as real time as possible, so patients can see how their teeth will move and what their smile will look like. Those combinations become really important, not just in the store, but as we translate that software to our doctor partners.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Very good. Thank you.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Brandon. Next question, please.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kreger of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. Joe, can you give us a sense in terms of the feedback that you're hearing from your field sales force on the competitive front? Are you seeing any changes perhaps in promotional activity or pricing from competitors at least at the low end?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: No, we haven't seen any change at all, John. I mean, we  I mean, the same cast of competitors are still out there that we had before. Obviously, we expect the 3M product at the AAO. We are pretty sure to see one there. We saw the supply announcement at the MTM expansion in the 510(k) that they've done. But we haven't seen that translated to any kind of strategy or implementation in the marketplace yet. We expect to see that in the second half. Our guess, John, is pretty much what we've been telling you and the rest of the teams over the last couple years is, we expect this to be midrange products. So in the 26 aligner or less kind of an area, we expected kind of a slow ramp up just because of the nature of how you have to scale in this business takes some time in treatment planning and also manufacturing. So I mean, you can see with our kind of bullish forecast for the second half of the year that John just called. We pretty much had this in place in the sense of what we thought we would face and we haven't really changed that analysis since we put the plan together last year.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And one quick follow-up on the scanner business. Did you see any kind of stocking by Patterson in the U.S. that might cause sales to slow as we move through this year or do you view that as end demand tracking as well as it would appear?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: No stocking here. In demand, that's a policy we have here.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erin Wright of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks. Can you speak to the more recent financing pilot, I guess any surprises with that sort of initiative and when that would be a more meaningful contributor to growth?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. This is John. The pilot that we have is  took place in end of fourth quarter and through the first quarter, we saw great results. And it is going wider across the U.S. starting this quarter, where customers now  customers and ultimately the patients have a lot more flexibility in terms of how they want to finance and work through different financing options that they might have.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. I'll follow-up later there and then on  can you speak I guess on China and opportunity there I guess as well as the competitive landscape not just maybe from the clear aligner segment but also the broader iTero opportunity with the launch announced today? Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I think  it's Dr. Joe Hogan. We're excited about that. I mean, our growth in China, China is our second largest market, our growth over there has been tremendous. It's hard to believe that right now everything we do in China is basically PVC impression. So and I mentioned in my script about 2% penetration of intraoral scanners in China. So from a competitive standpoint, our market is wide open in this sense and you could see that from those kind of  now we have to sell, we have to train, there's a lot of things we learned in Japan, because the iTero scanner being approved in Japan last year in the sense of how you have to ramp up and a lot of technology and people to bring our customers up to speed and saw that friction we are anticipating for this year as we ramp up in China, we're putting people in place and training in place, to be able to get that done.
Erin Wilson Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt O'Brien of Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin M. Farshchi - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. This is Kevin, on for Matt today. I wanted to start with the mandibular advancement ramp abroad, kind of what's most driving that strength. I've heard about it being incredible for the last two quarters. And then secondly with that assuming approval here in the U.S., how fast exactly is the U.S. ramp? Is this something that Ortho customers have been asking for a long time? Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Kevin. It's Joe. First of all, I'd say from a math standpoint, the ramp overseas, this is just a product that's unique. You obviously address mandibular issues and these are people, teens that are between the ages of 10 and 12 usually with that bone development through a jaw standpoint. And there's really nothing in the world to tell you have twin block and things like this, that's looks like a torture device basically with metal that's used to move kids forward with also composites. What this does is it moves your jaw forward with removable aligners and also straightens your teeth at the same time. So it's a true breakthrough for that end of the market and I think that's why you see really good pickup. Secondly is all of these products as it moves in the United States, I wouldn't model some kind of huge increase in teens because of mandibular advancement in the United States, because there is always a slow takeoff of this because orthodontist want to try it, they want to see success with their patients, they build that kind of credibility to the product line, they continue to move on. So from a North America standpoint, this is more of a 2019 discussion with math in the sense of maybe significant kinds of opportunities than I would say in the second half of this year
Kevin M. Farshchi - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Thanks, Joe. That's really helpful. I just had one follow up on a previous question on the competitive front and then additionally with the DTC effort. I was just curious are you hearing from your customers specifically becoming increasingly aware of the additional offerings in your view? And secondly, are they pushing back a little bit on pricing and looking for better discounts and things like this as a result of the DTC effort increasing and then also kind of layering on new products in the next coming years?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Kevin, I'd say look there's increasing awareness because I mean, it's mainly SDC in North America has really extensive advertising and so it's hard to watch TV and not run into in Invisalign ad or an SDC ad in that sense. But I wouldn't say, our customers always want lower prices like almost any other customers in the world, and anything else to sell. So I wouldn't say that the SDC price range has created more sensitivity with our orthodontic and GP customers out there. I will say that there is a price elasticity curve and obviously that kind of lower very I'd say minor type of tooth movement kind of things that opens up a new segment in the marketplace that frankly hasn't been serviced in a big way before. And so I think it just makes doctors aware of the more of a segmentation in the market of not doing a full bite correction, but just doing maybe your social six or just correcting a smile that someone is not comfortable with, that's a new segment in the market. It's priced in a different way and I'd say that's not a pushback on us on price it's more of a look at how to service those patients or what's the best products to do that with.
Kevin M. Farshchi - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: A it's new one. Hey thanks for taking the questions.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey Steve.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Steve. Steve, your friends are here at...
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good to talk to you. The GP number in the quarter kind of sticks out in a really good way, really on a tougher comp kind of influx. Is it something going on in GP in the U.S. I mean, we don't have you know I go out in the field, what was the magic there?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: You know I don't  you know, it's not magic and it's not a surprise Steve I'd say. First of all SDO  I mean the DSO marketplace has been big for us right. So you know our work with Hartman, what's going on there and some other dental service organizations, team in North America has been very good at executing around those opportunities. Secondly, honestly, the increased advertising that that we've been doing, okay, has an overall halo effect with driving patients to GPs asking for Invisalign treatment. And we've noticed that since last year and we started cranking up advertising, so that is a kind of a residual effect or a second order effect that help the GPPs. Thirdly, Steve is we're doing more and more segmentation on salespeople, calling on GPs in a GP kind of a way. In other words, understanding GP workflows, they don't want to be orthodontists, having products like you know that are more simple for them to use in the sense of utilizing that within the workflow of a normal restorative kind of a dentistry type of workflow. So those three areas are doing primarily.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Super helpful. Thanks for that. And then you guys, you may have set a new record for press releases in one afternoon. I mean you introduced a lot of new stuff today and we could spend a lot of time on any one of them. But I wonder if there's any way to give us as a sort of high level of view Joe and what you think these products mean for the growth profile of the company over the next two years, the sum total of getting iTero into China and getting the GP channel you know a little bit more automated, getting more cameras on the market. What does this mean for the next two years or three years? Thanks so much.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Steve, first I'd be completely honest with you too. We're still learning, right. I mean, if you remember like a year ago, we weren't  we wouldn't really be tied down to tell you that we sell more iTero than we sell more aligners. Today I'd tell you a very concretely because we have enough data today that we sell more iTeros, we sell more aligners. We're gaining a lot of confidence in APAC as we continue to grow, like I mentioned on a previous question is in Japan, we learned a lot about what iTero can do, as you start to ramp up in a new market like Asia. Now, Japan is completely different than China has been completely how you do business there, but we do  we know how to go in there and we can anticipate in a sense of what China will need in the kind of uptake we'll have with those kind of scanners. So the iTero's that we just announced the two products in iTero, remember this is the equipment business. I grew up in equipment business and medical, that these are platforms, right these are new platforms that we're moving forward on that help to extend what we already know in that sense. So like the flex product allows you to put it into a compatible computer, move it around the different offices, that's what our customers are basically asking for, it's sort of break  new breakthrough in scanner technology is an extension. You're going to see us continue to do that as we work off a successful platform that allows us not to just go wider from a geographical standpoint like China, but to go deeper in a sense of the workflow and what our orthodontists and our GPs really want out there. Now I would look at  when you look at Invisalign Teen first the product we just announced, that's truly a breakthrough. When you think for years, we really couldn't do teeth that you know weren't completely erupted. They didn't have permanent dentition. Now we threw a lot of technology in understanding over the year, we could predict what those eruptions are going to be and that's what we've programmed in that team first product line that's wide open, so another 10% market share for us. But you've been with us long enough Steve to understand that the take up of those things are always cautious and it takes time, but it does establish and it takes time, but it does establish that and when we do the rapid palatal expansion that will establish you know another 20% of the marketplace that we haven't had before. So I mean just look at this is the continuum march of Align Technology to broaden overall our opportunities from a depth standpoint of penetrating the marketplace and from a breadth standpoint in moving into new geographies with those technologies too.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Really appreciate the color. Thanks again.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. All right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Misra of Berenberg Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital: Hi. I appreciate taking the call. A couple of questions. One on the store pilot, just kind of trying to get a sense for what the revenue potential that you see out of that is in the long-term? It sounds like you're having us moderate some of our expectations here based on what the contribution could be from SmileDirect itself as you guys work through you know your negotiations with them; and if you could give us some information on that, that would be great? And then secondly, maybe just a housekeeping question just on the EPS line, the 5 points of currency. What was the flow through down to the bottom line on that? Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: John, I'll take that last one.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. I'll take that first on Ravi on the EPS, you know, so 5 points on revenue and  we are  our model works as you know usually we get about 3 times the benefit on revenue as it is to profitability.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: So, Ravi, on the store pilot, we were not going to share any data on the store pilot right now. We call them pilots for a reason, because we're learning and we're growing through that learning and you know it just becomes more understandable because we have more data points, but we'd be happy to share that with you. As far as the SDC and all, we haven't shared specifically what we expect from quarter-to-quarter. I have never wanted you to really evaluate Align stock on SDCs, we sell the SDC never wanted to do that. And so when you say, we're kind of moderating your views of volume I would say, we're talking lower 30% for this year, that's not a moderation in this sense of what we think the growth is. We just want you to not try to handicap that with SDC volume. This is our inherent volume that we're generating in this business.
Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital: Yeah and I think that's pretty clear given your case start by guidance in the low 30s now. So I appreciate that. And then finally, just on the reapportionment of the Latin American sales, can you just talk about whether that's going to  is that just a reporting issue or are you going to be realigning some of the business units internally as well with that? Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: No, I mean what that does Ravi is, we have a regional strategy here, right. We have APAC from an Asia standpoint, we have EMEA from Europe. We've always had just North American organization, it's been kind of Latin America was reporting into another part of the organization. And so this just straightens out our organizational intention of having regions in each one of the three key areas. And  but frankly, and then we bought up our distributorships in those areas, in Latin America, and also Brazil and we're moving forward in those areas. So you saw many doctors retrained in Brazil alone. These are good opportunities for us and it allows us to focus on it in a more of a regional sense and be able to transfer best practices within the Americas throughout the organization. So it's just a  it's a move it's in line with our regional structure.
Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital: Great. Thank you very much.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Block of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey Jon.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, Joe. Thanks for taking the question. So maybe two, the first one just the  on the new  iGo sort of iTero offering, is there a price point on that product, I didn't see it in the release and you know clearly you don't seem overly concerned with competition, but with that new iGo, iTero offering, I believe it's up to 20 stages. Joe is that sort of the part of the market that you do view as most susceptible and a competition does come in the next couple of weeks where they're going to try to crack the code a bit? And then I've got a follow-up. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: John you know this well and your analysis is right, if you take 15 up to 26, I mean that's been kind of a vacancy in the product portfolio for years. And so iGo wasn't derived without an understanding of that okay. Yeah, we do  I wouldn't call that  you know when you  if you really stand back from this, trying to do a full case with all the complexity it has to do with full cases. If you were a competitor coming in here, it's a very difficult thing to do. You want to kind of gradually learn and ramp up to that. So the logical, our logical conclusion is, yeah I mean, we're probably going to see more competition in the below 30 area. The good thing about that John, that's not new to us. We've seen competition from MTM and Angel Align and you can go down the list of competitors we've seen globally, ClearCorrect or whatever in that specific area. But when you look at Maui when you look at iGo, Maui was the structure we put in place or whatever. It just gives us more flexibility for our customers to be able to offer these products up and down the range than what we've had before. So yeah, could we respond better to competition? Yes. Is that an area we think they'll come in? Yeah, but we've already seen that and this is just a continuation of how we've been working with our customers and how we structure our product portfolio.
Jonathan David Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. I appreciate you read the reports Joe, I just need others do as well. Just to pivot for a moment, the scanners and driving utilization in the U.S., that's clearly played a big role over the past several years and we're seeing the scanners playing a bigger role globally, and you mentioned just starting to get into China. When you take a step back, is there any reason why the utilization step up which you now seem much more comfortable sort of verifying. That utilization step up would be any different globally especially someplace like China or Japan versus what we've seen in North America. In other words when we look out two years or three years from now, could that be sort of the next leg of growth in some of these more emerging markets? Thanks, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Answer to that question is just a flat out, yes. I mean I don't think it's going to be any different in China. It hasn't been different Japan. We saw an uptake with the customers that took the initial iTeros there at John significantly. So we expect China to be the same way and other countries too. You know in Brazil, I think we've been successful with iTero in Brazil also. So yeah, that is another component of growth in the company overall. What's great is it's synergistic growth, right. You have equipment growth, but it really leads to the growth of our core product line which is Invisalign.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Newitter of Leerink Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Just the first one, on the tax rate, so 13% for 2Q. Just wondering what should we be modeling for the full year?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: The guidance that we had given for total year was, earlier on was 18%, so 18% in total would be what you should use, Richard.
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, so that's unchanged. And then Joe, just going back to the question I was asked earlier on competition and how if at all, it's factored into your outlook. I guess just can you comment on more specifically how you contemplated the impact of any incremental competition on your prior outlook. And I appreciate you revised your outlook upward and that's a bullish signal. But compare the current factoring of competition compared to kind of how you thought about it previously and if you could get a specific as possible, is it price, is it maybe just a little less utilization you otherwise would have felt comfortable providing to The Street just how are you thinking about that in quantifying it?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Hasn't changed for a year, honestly I mean, you can tell what we initiated during the beginning of the year we didn't think we'd have any really major competitive plays in that sense. We knew we'd see more competition, but we basically looked at our business and with the momentum of the business and projected that forward and you're seeing it within our numbers, there's no specificity that I want to share in the sense of what we think and how much in ASP and what areas. Just take a look at our bullish forecast going forward and as competition becomes more visible to us and more in line, we'll share with you what we're seeing and how we look at the business.
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: And a similar follow up to that line of questioning. Anything baked into your outlook specifically for mandibular contributing in the back half. I know you expect approval, but is there anything baked in for actual contribution to revenue and same on iTero. It feels like that came  the approval in China came a little bit ahead of plan I thought you had been talking about a second half kind of ramp for that and approval for that, was that a little earlier than expected?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: First of all on MAF, no I wouldn't plan on anything from a  that would be material on MAF as I mentioned and the other thing for North America when we finally get it approved. On China, we were happy to move that through. We've had good work with our Chinese partners over there to move it through. Right now, we're not calling any upside on that I mean, as we indicated, we've had good iTero growth. We think that'll continue as we  it's not just about how fast you can sell iTero in China, there's a lot of infrastructure work you have to put in place as far as training and putting things in place to be able to sell through China from an infrastructure standpoint. So what's great about that is, we can kind of get a quarter up on that as if it would have been the second half of the year then we wouldn't have as much opportunity to be able to move that product.
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Valiquette of Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Steve J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Good afternoon, Joe and John. Thanks for taking the question. I guess for us just one or two quick follow-ups here on the addressable market. First probably an easy one but just to make sure to clarify here, when we're talking about this 20% of untapped orthodontic case starts you can now treat with Invisalign First. That 20%, that is within the prior industry view of roughly 10 million worldwide annual orthodontic case starts. Is that correct?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Steve, first of all, it's not 20%, okay? Invisalign First is about 10% because that's dental expansion, which means you're just really taking the teeth and rounding the arch, right? Rapid palatal expansion moves the bone, moves the palate, mouth. So, 10% more of the market would be Invisalign First, another 10% would be for rapid palatal expansion.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Steve, you're talking 20% of cases are related to Phase 1, and that's correct.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: That's right.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: What Joe is explaining is you're talking about TAM, right?
Steve J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Correct. Yeah. More on the TAM that's correct. And really, I mean the more important question I wanted to get to at the end of the day really was that when we think about the 10 million worldwide orthodontic case starts TAM. I guess my real more critical question here is once Invisalign First is generally available and also once you do have U.S. approval for mandibular advance. And I'm just curious where we would stand after those events just on the approximate percent of that 10 million worldwide orthodontic case starts. Do you think you could treat right now overall with the overall Invisalign product profile and approval, that's really the more important question I wanted to ask.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I think the simple one on that Steve is it  before Invisalign First, we said 60%. Invisalign First takes us to 70%. Once we get rapid palatal expansion, it takes us to 80%. And that's the $10 million case starts that are out there, though that's based on 25% adult and 75% being teens. So, if you really want to nail that number, you're going to have to take 75% of 10 times 0.8.
Steve J. Valiquette - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Okay. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yes.
Operator: Our final question comes from Jeff Johnson of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good evening, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, Joe. Let me go after the competition question maybe one other way here, I think we're all trying to circle around different things. But you guys are launching obviously a ton of stuff right now with the iGo in the Phase 1 and iTero expansion all that stuff. What's your view in the second half here, you guys expand the market quite a bit. And so, competition gets some share, but you guys are expanding markets so fast that you can put up that solid or that very strong second half guidance that seems to be implied there now or do you just really think competition doesn't get much traction? You know your comps get tougher in that so it's getting a little messy to try to figure out kind of how much of this is market expansion? How much may be competition, is this or isn't having an impact? But just conceptually how do you think it plays out that way?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Jeff, I think the best way to look at this is, don't look at this as binary. Competition comes in and just takes our share. We actually think that competition to a certain extent will less share because it'll give more legitimacy to clear aligners. And so, possibly in that lower segment of the marketplace could we lose some share? Sure. Sure, we could. At the same time we're expanding on the upper end with our product lines that you just saw with obviously mandibular advancement team, iGo in those areas. Jeff, the other side of this too is it's we've been saying this for a long time, it's hard to do this. I mean treatment planning facilities, making sure that you can ship aligners and actually ship them in sequence. So first, second, third are really first, second, and third aligners. Putting a sales team out there that they really can walk through customers and hold their hand in sensor, but it takes time to do this. It's not  this is not like a patent cliff we've been saying all along with something is a you know a biosimilar and you can put it in your portfolio and sell it the next day it's not like that. It will take time to ramp your competition.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Now that makes sense and then one last question for me just iTero anything qualitatively you can talk about maybe scanner sales in the U.S. and are you seeing any traction outside of Invisalign cases with iTero on any kind of restorative procedures anything like that just kind of trying to get to what is the mindset of the U.S. dentist right now are they are they willing or are they at the point where they want to use scanners for things you know obviously for Invisalign but for other things as well just what your view there that would be helpful?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, if you look at  I mean if you look at the three shape in us right, I mean three shape has a good position with GPs in a sense of restorative workflow and with the labs and whatever and you know they've helped to from a GP standpoint to grow the marketplace. We're the same way. We have a good restorative scanner. We have a great scanner from overall Invisalign standpoint and in both of us kind of raised the awareness and capability out in the marketplace. So, you know honestly, when you look at this thing Jeff long-term, this is  you're going to have a scanner you know one way or another your workflow is going to be digital going forward in dentistry. It starts around these kind of application restorative you know versus you know aligners and those kind of things. It'll flow through for the rest, so I don't know what you're thinking of in the sense of how to model that Jeff or what it means, but it just shows you more and more that this isn't just an for orthodontist. This is and we're developing a scanner that's brought across the marketplace to be one of the function well for GP and restorative, if you go back to iTero beginning right, it was function well for a GP and restorative. If we go back to iTero's beginning right, it was restorative scanner. When we bought that business, we're primarily was in G you know the general dentistry segment that it was developed around. But so I think I reported that we had 2.5 million restoratives scans done on iTero. So when our team is out there are calling on a GP, we're talking about not just that you can do our liners with this, I'm confident you can do this is a great very accurate restorative scanner that can communicate very well with your dental lab, that's really important in that net workflow.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And scanner sales growing in the U.S. still, is there still a good market there for you guys on the scanner side?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: And no question.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey. You saw the results of the iTero scanner business. You know the vast majority of the business is still in North America.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Just with the Japan approval and moving Brazil where you did into the Americas and I just wanted to check on that. So thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: All right.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Okay.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, thank you, everyone. This concludes our conference call for today. I want to remind everyone that we will be hosting our Investor Day at the Park Central Hotel in New York City on May 23. You can find more information and register directly on our Investor Relations webpage. Hotel rooms and group locker are limited and the cutoff to make your reservation is April 30. We hope to see you all there. Do you have any questions, please let us know.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - IR Joe Hogan - President and CEO John Morici - CFO
Analysts: Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs Erin Wright - Credit Suisse Jon Block - Stifel Zach Wachter - Morgan Stanley John Kreger - William Blair Jeff Johnson - Baird Brandon Couillard - Jefferies
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Align Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Shirley Stacy. Please go ahead.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO and John Morici, CFO. We issued fourth quarter and full year 2017 financial results today via Marketwired, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on February 9. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13674959 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook, and the expected financial results for the first quarter and full year outlook for 2018. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We've posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our fourth quarter conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the quarter and then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, clear aligners and oral scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the first quarter and how we see 2018 unfolding. Following that, Ill come back and summarize a few key points and then open up the call to questions. Overall, the fourth quarter was a strong finish to another outstanding year for Align with better than expected revenues, volumes and operating income. Record Q4 revenues were up 43.7% year-over-year, driven by increased Invisalign volumes across all geographies and customer channels as well as by record iTero scanner revenue. Q4 Invisalign volume was up 34.2% year-over-year, reflecting strong international growth from increased utilization and expansion of our customer base, which included over 4000 new customers for the third consecutive quarter. Notwithstanding the strong performance, our Q4 results were impacted by the new US Tax Cut and Jobs Act, which reduced our reported net income and EPS. However, Q4 operating income was a record $109.6 million or 26%. John will discuss this in more detail in his section in a few minutes. For the full year, revenue of 1.5 billion increased 36.4% year-over-year, driven by both record Invisalign revenue, which surpassed the 1 billion mark for the first time ever and record iTero scanner revenues. These results reflect continued progress in execution of our force strategic growth drivers, which focus on driving international expansion, increasing orthodontists utilization of Invisalign, especially with teenagers, enabling GP dentists to treat and refer more Invisalign cases and generating consumer demand from millions of people worldwide and connecting them with Invisalign Doctor. Turning to the specifics around our fourth quarter results, let's start with the results of our North American region. For North America, Q4 was a good quarter with Invisalign case volume up 5.1% sequentially and 24.2% year-over-year. Sequential growth primarily reflects the seasonality, a seasonally stronger period for GP dentists as patients activities in their offices increased after summer holidays. Ortho customers treated more adult patients following the busy teen season. In addition, Q4 Invisalign utilization increased to 3.3 cases per GP dentist and North American Orthos received a record 14 cases per doctor, reflecting continued confidence and uptake of Invisalign system. On a year-over-year basis, strong growth was driven primarily by increased Ortho utilization and continued expansion of our GP customer base. For the full year, both North America Orthos and GP Dentists achieved record annualized utilization of 47 and 8 cases per doctor respectively. For international doctors, Q4 was another strong quarter with Invisalign case volume up 12.7% sequentially and 52.3% year-over-year. Sequential growth reflects a seasonally stronger quarter for EMEA region following summer holidays for doctors and patients, which offset expected decreases from seasonality in APAC, particularly as the Greater China market observed local holidays. On a year-over-year basis, strong Invisalign volume was driven by growth from both EMEA and the Asia Pacific region.  Year-over-year growth for EMEA was up 42.9%, led by Spain, France and the UK. We also saw strong growth across all of our smaller expansion markets, which include Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa. And APAC Q4 volumes were up 63% year-over-year, led by China, Japan and Australia with record Invisalign volume in most APAC countries. For the full year, Invisalign volume increased 44.9%, led by growth from China and our core EMEA country markets. In total, international volume represented 38% of worldwide Invisalign case shipments. Now, turning to the teen market, which makes up 75% of total orthodontic case starts each year. In Q4, 63.5 thousand teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 44.1% year-over-year, driven by continued strong adoption across all major regions and increasingly for younger teens and tweens. For Q4, year-over-year Invisalign teen patient growth for North American Orthos increased 37.8% and international was up 64.7%. Notwithstanding some seasonality during the quarter, given fewer teen case starts, Q4 was a fifth consecutive quarter that Invisalign teenage patient volume grew faster than adults.  On a sequential basis, North American ortho teen cases were down as expected as our ortho customers shifted their focus toward adult patient case starts in Q4 following a very busy summer teen season. For the full year, a total of 237,000 teenagers or 26% of our total volume started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, up 40.4% from 2016.  During the year, we continued to drive adoption of teenage patients through sales and marketing programs, including a major new direct-to-consumer campaign, empathizing teens and moms. In addition, at the beginning of 2017, we launched the first clear aligner solution for Class II correction that combines all the benefits of the most advanced clear aligner system in the world with features for moving the lower jaw forward, while simultaneously aligning the teeth.  Invisalign teen with mandibular advancement or MATH [ph] as we call it, offers a simpler, more efficient and patient friendly option than functional appliances. MATH was launched in certain country markets in Canada, EMEA and APAC and is ramping up nicely across the board, especially in China. To date, we've shipped over 5000 MATH cases outside the United States, half of which were in Q4 alone and we're very excited about the potential for MATH worldwide. However, we do not expect any material contribution in the US from MATH until the back half of 2018, as we continue to work through the 510k regulatory approval process with the FDA, which includes collecting additional data and analysis. Invisalign brand is one of the most recognized in the dental and orthodontic market. Our integrated consumer marketing programs leverage traditional paying media, search, digital marketing, PR and social media to engage consumers at every point in the consumer purchase journey. These programs continue to drive demand for Invisalign treatment and are key to adoption in both the teen and adult segments. In 2017, we launched a new Made to Move brand platform for Invisalign, which has been really impactful around the world.  In North America, we expanded our traditional digital media campaigns, targeting both men and women for the first time and made a significant investment in our marketing to teens and moms. We stepped up our approach to teens by partnering with content developers, teen and mom social media influencers and team brands like AwesomenessTV, which we saw pay off and increases in our consumer website activity and opt-in metrics.  We also saw a positive impact from the global Made to Move campaign across EMEA and APAC and may have focused heavily on digital, social and web traffic, which resulted in huge increase in their online smile assessments and other KPIs. APAC markets like Singapore and Australia also saw an increase in KPIs based on their focus on social media and local event and influencer driven marketing.  As a result, in total for the year, there were over 15 million unique visitors to the Invisalign websites worldwide, 1.8 million potential patients search for Invisalign provider on Doc locator, up 41% from 2016. 600,000 consumers completed Invisalign smile assessments on our website, of which 445,000 opted in for follow-up in the Invisalign social media community grew over 42% to 745,000 consumers following the Invisalign brand worldwide.  You may recall that in January last year, we launched a new smile concierge program in Raleigh, North Carolina with the objective to help more consumers start Invisalign treatment and improve their overall experience by shortening their research cycles and utilizing consumer insights to help our doctors better engage with consumers. Throughout the year, we made great progress from ongoing program improvements in December. We achieved a major milestone with the 6500 Invisalign patients for the smile concierge team.  Cumulatively, we schedule over 26,000 Invisalign consultations which equates to connecting hundreds of consumers to Invisalign practices every day. We continue to see incredible potential as our doctors offices are implementing changes to better engage with consumers that we send to them every day. We've also started to expand the small concierge service outside the United States with our first teams up and running in Singapore, Brazil and Australia, with each of these countries having a great start to the year helping more consumers become Invisalign patients.  Over the course of the year, well update you on our continued progress in leveraging important learnings about consumer behavior and establishing smile concierges team in EMEA and Asia Pacific regions. In 2018, our smile concierge team will be very closely linked to the new Invisalign store pilot that we opened in November, which will utilize our consumer insights to better capture leads coming out of the store experience. The smile concierge team will be utilizing our touch point learnings to reach out to consumers who received a scan but don't schedule an appointment with a doctor.  In addition, well use our automated text and email services to remind consumers when and where to pick up their aligners or to see a doctor as scheduled. These are just a few of the exciting new ways that we're helping to educate consumers on the benefits of getting a better smile with Invisalign treatment and connect them with an Invisalign doctor of their choice. The Invisalign store pilot program that launched in November is an extension of our long standing direct-to-consumer marketing programs that connect potential patients directly to doctors for Invisalign treatment.  We're looking at other successful brands and how they use a physical location to engage consumers and extend the brand experience. In this case, we are trying to extend and strengthen what we do through digital ad, social media, PR and TV advertising and our customers own in practice patient marketing. Our pilot store model relies on the doctor and the doctor's office for treatment. We are not treating patients in the store. Instead, we are educating consumers on how Invisalign works, showing them a scan driven simulation of how they might look with straighter teeth and offering to connect interested consumers with a doctor of their choice, so that they subsequently decide to pursue treatment.  To date, we've learned a lot about creating the right consumer experience with Invisalign system through a store front and are continuing to evolve and make continued progress. In Q1, we will open another pilot store in San Jose, California, near our corporate headquarters. We're planning to open two additional pilot stores on the East Coast sometime in the first half of this year. We look forward to continuing to learn more from these four locations and sharing our progress throughout the year. Q4 was a strong quarter for iTero and better than expected with revenues up 30.8% sequentially and 37% year-over-year on record iTero scanner shipments. Q4 results reflect continued strength in our GP channel following our GP summit in September as well as sales to our major DSO partners and through our iTero distributor, Patterson Dental. The iTero scanner business was also strong in EMEA and has been growing rapidly in Asia Pacific, especially Japan where we see certification for iTero in Q3.  Customers are quickly realizing a significant benefit of our iTero scanner platform and we are excited about the opportunity to continue to expand iTeros footprint worldwide. The iTero scanner is central to our digital approach and overall customer utilization of Invisalign treatment. Use of the iTero scanners for Invisalign case as shipments in place of PBS impressions continues to expand and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization.  For Q4, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in North America increased to a record 64.1%, up from 51.3% in Q4 last year. International scans increased to 40.8%, up from 24.9 in Q4 of last year. not only does the iTero scanner provide the best work flow for Invisalign treatment with Invisalign outcomes simulator and progress assessment tool, but it's also seamlessly integrates with downstream restorative workflows, significantly improving their accuracy and precision. iTero is also the only scanner with time lapse technology that makes chair-side consults more productive.  By scanning patients at every visit using time lapse and comparing historical scans to a current scan, patients see for themselves the changes in their tooth wear, tooth movement and changes in [indiscernible], encouraging them to accept treatment on the chair-side. In Q4, we cited a distribution agreement with Glidewell Dental for our iTero Element scanner in North America with glidewell.io the in-office solution, a chair-side restorative ecosystem designed to simplify the process of prescribing and delivering laboratory quality dental restorations. In 2017, iTero scanners volumes were up 37.5% year-over-year. To date, over 6.3 million orthodontic scans and 2.4 million restorative scans have started with iTero scanners. Finally, in the doctor-directed at home channel, Align is a third-party supplier to SmileDirectClub and has 19% equity investment in the company. We manufacture a portion of SDC aligners with non-Invisalign clear aligners. For Q4, shipments to SDC were down sequentially as expected as SDC increased their own internal capacity. As an investor and supplier to SDC, Align is focused on two things, expanding the market for orthodontic treatment and providing greater access to simple teeth straightening solutions to millions of more people who prioritize convenience and affordability and creating new opportunities for Invisalign doctors by connecting consumers who aren't candidates for SDCs limited protocols to an Invisalign practice. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q4 financial results. Total company revenue for the fourth quarter was a record $421.3 million, up 9.4% from the prior quarter and up 43.7% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Clear aligner revenue of $364.2 million was up 6.6% sequentially on higher than expected volume. Year-over-year clear aligner revenue growth of 44.8% reflected strong Invisalign shipment growth across all customer channels and geographies and increased Invisalign prices. Q4 Invisalign ASPs were down sequentially approximately $5 from Q3 to $1305, reflecting higher deferrals related to additional aligners and higher promotional discounts, partially offset by international price increases.  On a year-over-year basis, Q4 Invisalign ASPs were up approximately $75, reflecting price increases, favorable foreign exchange, product mix as well as the impact of discontinuing distribution and going directly in several regions, partially offset by increased promotional discounts and higher deferrals related to additional aligners. For the fourth quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 255,000 cases were up 8% sequentially, driven by our EMEA and North America customers.  Year-over-year Invisalign case volume growth was up 34.2%, driven by growth across all regions. For North American orthodontists, Q4 Invisalign case volume was up 2.3% sequentially and up 30.7% year-over-year. For North American GP dentists, Invisalign case volume was up 9.2% sequentially and up 16.1% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 12.7% sequentially and up 52.3% year-over-year. Our scanner and services revenue for the fourth quarter was $57.1 million, up 30.8% sequentially and up 37% year-over-year, primarily due to continued global investment and go to market activities and sales promotions as well as shipments to key DSO partners and our US distributor, Patterson Dental. Moving on to gross margin, fourth quarter overall gross margin was 75.5%, down 0.4 points sequentially and up 0.4 points year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 77.6%, down 0.3 points sequentially, primarily due to higher manufacturing spend, driven by operational expansion activities. Clear aligner gross margin was up 0.1 points year-over-year, primarily due to increased ASPs and partially offset by higher manufacturing spend. Scanner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 62%, up 2 points sequentially and up one point year-over-year, primarily due to higher manufacturing efficiencies. Q4 operating expenses were $208.3 million, up sequentially 7.5% and up 37.2% year-over-year, primarily due to increased employee headcount and continued investment in our go to market activity is critical to the growth of our [indiscernible]. Our fourth quarter operating income was a record $109.6 million, up 11% sequentially and up 60.3% year-over-year. Our fourth quarter operating margin was 26%, up 0.4 points sequentially and up 2.7 points year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating margin relates primarily to leverage operating spend in sales and marketing of higher volumes, partially offset by lower gross margin due to operational expansion activities. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in operating margin primarily reflects higher revenues from both clear aligner and scanner and services which created operating expense leverage.  With regards to our fourth quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 92.4% and is up by 72.6 points compared to 19.8% in the same quarter last year, which includes $86.6 million in tax expense as a result of the US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted on December 22, 2017. This is comprised of $76.6 million of mandatory deemed repatriation tax on foreign on accumulated foreign earnings not previously taxed by the US that we expect to pay over the next eight years and $10 million non-cash write down of our deferred tax assets due to the statutory tax rate decrease from 35% to 21%.  Going forward, we may repatriate cash back to the US to invest in market expansion opportunities, provide additional working capital and have greater flexibility to fund our stock repurchase program. In accordance with the SEC staff accounting bulletin number 118, we have recorded provisional amounts in the Q4 financial statements for certain income tax effects of the act based on reasonable estimates and information available as the close of the period. We may adjust and refine the provisional amounts over the next year when additional information, analysis and legislative guidance becomes available. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.13, down 87.1% sequentially and down 78% compared to the prior year. Our diluted earnings per share includes 86.6 million or $1.06 per diluted share impact due to the new US Tax Cut and Jobs Act. Moving on to the balance sheet, as of the fourth quarter, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short and long term investments, were $761.5 million. This compared to $700 million at the end of 2016, an increase of approximately $61.5 million, primarily related to earnings growth. Of our $761.5 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $271.4 million was held by the US and $490.1 million was held by our international entities. Q4 accounts receivable balance was $322.8 million, up approximately 0.5% sequentially.  Our overall days sales outstanding, DSO was 69 days, down six days sequentially and down seven days from 76 days in Q4 last year. DSOs have decreased as a result of improved collection activities across all regions. Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $162.3 million, up $81.3 million compared to prior year. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $92.8 million.  Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $69.5 million, primarily relating to building purchases and improvements, equipment purchases for additional manufacturing capacity as well as our global expansion efforts, included a new manufacturing facility in Ziyang, China which will open in the second half of 2018. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately 0.2 million shares of stock for $50 million under the April 2016 repurchase program. We have $200 million remaining available for repurchases under the existing stock repurchase authorization. Before we move to the Q1 outlook, I would like to make a few comments on our full year 2017 results. In 2017, we shipped a 931,000 Invisalign cases, up 31.4%. This reflects 44.9% volume growth from our international doctors and 24.3% volume growth from our North American doctors. Shipments of our iTero scanner were up 37.5% over 2016. Total revenue was a record $1.5 billion, up 36.4% year-over-year with Invisalign revenues breaking above $1 billion for the first time.  Full year operating income of $353.6 million, up 42.1% versus 2016 and operating margin at 24%, up 0.9 points versus prior year. Free cash flow was $242.8 million. For the year, we repurchased 0.6 million shares of Aligns stock for $103.8 million. 2017 diluted earnings per share was $2.83, which includes 86.6 million or $1.06 per diluted share impact due to the new US Tax Cut and Jobs Act, comprised of a $10 million write down of our deferred tax assets and a mandatory deem repatriation tax of $76.6 million. With that, let's turn to our Q1 outlook and the factors that inform our view, starting with the demand outlook. We expect our international business to continue to grow sequentially. For North America, we expect Q1 to be seasonally up for both GP dentists and Orthos. For our scanner business, we expect a sequential decrease following a strong year end. In addition, capital equipment purchases are seasonally slower in Q1. As Joe commented earlier, this quarter we supplied fewer aligners to SDC in Q4 2017 compared to prior quarters.  We are anticipating this trend to continue as SDC continues to ramp up their own manufacturing capacity. With this as a backdrop, we expect the first quarter to shape up as follows. Invisalign case volume is expected to be in the range of 264,000 to 269,000 cases, up approximately 27% to 29% over the same period a year ago. We expect Q1 net revenues to be in the range of $400 million to $410 million, an increase of approximately 29% to 32% year-over-year.  We expect Q1 gross margin to be in the range of 74.3% to 75%, reflecting higher expenses as we regionalize our treatment planning operations, partially offset by higher ASPs. We expect Q1 operating expenses to be in the range of $223.5 million to $227.5 million, up on a sequential basis to reflect our continued investment in go to market activities. Q1 operating margin should be in a range of 18.5% to 19.5%. Our effective tax rate including an excess tax benefit of about $22 million should be approximately 2%.  We expect a $1 million to $2 million loss related to our share of SmileDirectClub. And diluted shares outstanding should be approximately 82 million, exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q1 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.94 to $0.98. In addition, as we continue our operational expansion efforts, we expect capital expenditures for Q1 to be approximately $65 million to $70 million and we expect depreciation and amortization to be $10.5 million to $11 million. Now, let me turn to our full year view. We anticipate 2018 revenue to be at the high end of our long term operating model range of 15% to 25%. We also expect Invisalign revenue and volume growth to be close to the high end of that model. While we expect the scanner business to do well and continue to grow, we would not expect the same rate of growth of volume and revenue as we saw in 2017. We expect operating margins to be approximately flat to 2017 result as we plan to continue to fund our investments to fuel growth. We expect the equity loss for our investment in SmileDirectClub to be $1 million to $2 million per quarter.  We expect our tax rate for 2018 to be approximately 18%, which includes approximately $24 million of excess tax benefits. As weve seen historically, we expect our earnings power in the second half of the year to be stronger than the first half with second half operating income to account for somewhere in the range of 56% to 58% of our full year results. We expect capital expenditures for 2018 eighteen to be in the range of $200 million to $230 million, primarily due to operational expansion and ongoing growth of the business.  Finally, regarding the new revenue recognition standard ASC 606, we plan to adopt the standard in the first quarter of 2018 by applying the full retrospective method. We have assessed the financial statement impact of adoption, including but not limited to volume based discount programs, sales commissions and the identification of performance obligations and are continuing to evaluate the transition and disclosure requirements of the standard. We anticipate that adoption of the standard will not have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, John and thanks again for joining us. 2017 was a great year for Align and I'm very pleased with our strong performance across all key regions, customer channels and product lines. This year, not only do we celebrate our 20th year in business, we also achieved several major milestones. We reach our millionth Invisalign team and our 5 millionth Invisalign patient. Invisalign volume in EMEA exceeded 200,000 cases for the first time. We opened our first treatment planning operations in China and Germany.  China became our second largest country market, next to the US. Invisalign revenues exceeded 1 billion for the first time ever. As I reflect on these achievements, I want to take a minute to thank more than the 130,000 Invisalign providers around the world who helped us expand the market for orthodontics using the Invisalign system. Theyre increasing confidence in using Invisalign clear aligners to treat moderate to complex cases as reflected in our record utilization across all customer channels and we're grateful for their partnership.  We're continuing innovating to deliver new technology and solutions that provide Invisalign doctors with the right tools, support and services to keep their practices flourishing. Even with growth rate significantly above the industry, our market opportunity is enormous and getting larger every day. With less than 10% share of the world orthodontic case starts each year, we have a long way to go to make clear aligners a standard of care, but our goal is to do just that. There are more than 300 million people around the world who would or could benefit from straighter teeth. Reaching out to those consumers, helping them understand treatment options and getting them started in treatment will require new approaches and new models. We're committed to doing that in partnership with our customers.  For 2018, we'll continue to focus on and execute our four key strategic priorities and I feel really good about our plans. We're continuing to expand our business in EMEA, APAC and will accelerate our investment in LATAM and Canada, bringing more resources closer to our customers and launching direct-to-consumer advertising in some markets like Canada for the first time. The teenage market remains our number one priority across the ortho channel. For the first time, we will focus on teens and their moms and our consumer marketing programs in the EMEA region, making it easier for GP dentists to treat more cases also enables them to refer more complex ones to specialists.  So we are creating dedicated GP resources across our sales and marketing organizations to ensure that we have a better understanding of how to drive Invisalign adoption among GP dentists and support their unique customer needs, including restorative and aesthetic dentistry. And finally, the Invisalign brand and our consumer marketing programs are key differentiators for the company. So we'll continue to invest and to build capabilities that enable us to talk directly to consumers, improve the overall experience with our brand, connect more people than ever with Invisalign practices and ensure that they get started in treatment with Invisalign clear aligners every time. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator and well open the call up for your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is with Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: This is Nathan Rich on for Bob this evening. Joe, I just wanted to start with the revenue outlook for growth to be at the high end of the long term range. Obviously, that still implies a healthy level of growth, but down a little bit from what you guys saw in 2017. Youve spent a lot of time on the call obviously talking about the initiatives that you've put in place and the opportunity that the company still has. So I was just wondering if you can maybe help us understand what the key drivers of the outlook are for this year and what if anything has changed from your point of view.
Joe Hogan: Well, I think nothing's really changed in that sense. There's some amplitude that we're talking about in the sense of what we're calling right now. But overall, we feel good momentum in the business and what we're trying to convey with you is we stay within the volume ranges that we've talked about before. But, we're just going to look quarter-to-quarter, we continue to look at the same drivers, I mean, continue to look at APAC being strong, Europe will be strong and North America, particularly around teens and our focus there and iTero scanners continue to go off well. So overall, I really feel good about our forecast and will be more and more clear obviously as we come back to you after the first quarter.
Nathan Rich: And just a follow up on the outlook, does it contemplate any change in the competitive landscape in 2018 and if you were to see a new competitor come to market, how would that impact your view of the year?
Joe Hogan: I think Nathan, we've been very I think clear over the last year or so that we do expect competition in 2018. In these forecasts, we are reflecting any kind of competition we might see, but there's been nothing out there recently that's changed any position that we've had from a competitor standpoint. So these forecasts do reflect how we see the marketplace and that includes potential competition as we get into longer parts of this year.
Operator: Our next question is with Erin Wright with Credit Suisse.
Erin Wright: Can you speak to your retail store contact and how you envision that progressing, has there been any sort of surprises thus far with the initiative and how will the smile concierge team be involved, like do you plan to leverage your smile concierge build out in other countries as well to then leverage the retail store concept there or is it too early on that process?
Joe Hogan: Well, we are translating Erin the small concierge program overseas. We will look at it, we will move it into APAC this year and also move it into EMEA. Whats nice about it is its scalable right now. We can take what we've learned in North America and there's a lot of IT involved and a lot of processes in a sense of how you turn a consumer into patients that were able to I think plug and play much better now, we have that experience. That's really what that understanding is what led to the Invisalign store, the pilot that we currently have in San Francisco is that just wanted to move this even closer to patients.  And remember again, we're not doing any kind of diagnosis or anything like that. We do scans in these shops and we show potential patients or consumers, what their smiles could look like in two different sets of -- two approaches what we call signature and deluxe. I would say what we're doing, we continue to -- it is a pilot and we work through the workflow between us and the doctor and us and the patient and we refined that pretty well over the last 60 days and we're making progress.  That should give us the confidence to announce that we're going to move a store in to San Jose and also two on the East Coast this year, but we'll be very clear with you about what we learned, but again, this is all about how you turn a consumer into a patient and this is as much -- this is a doctor model. We're working with our doctors to make this happen. And so how you touch these consumers, how the frictionless way that you move a consumer into a doctor, how fast that information can be received, all that is really important in this customer journey and we're learning more and more about that and how to do it better. So we're optimistic about it and we do this -- have it on our future plans. And obviously, just like the concierge services, we have success here and we have a model we think scalable. Well look at where that might fit in different countries around the world.
Erin Wright: And can you give us an update on mandibular advancements here, what sort of data has been requested from the FDA and what sort of visibility do you have on timing of the launch. I guess what are the next data points and also how traction for that product I guess hoping to build adoption across the teen market outside of the US. Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Erin, this is really, its actually simple. Sounds like a drug or anything like that. They just need more data at the FDA and they just want to have more comfort with the safety and the efficacy of the product line, so we're supplying that data. We expect hopefully well be through that by the second half of this year and then we'll move on. I mean, I talked about the 5,000 cases that we did last year with 2500 of those being in the fourth quarter alone. Honestly, the feedback that we get from our patients overseas is tremendous. I mean when we look at the device that we've replaced through this, it's amazing like a twin block device. Lets normally use that there.  When you can actually move this jaw forward as comfortably as we do with math, but also straighten teens teeth at the same time. It's really an amazing invention. So I think that's part of the way the FDA wants more and more information because they really haven't seen a device like this before, but we feel very confident we'll be able to supply their informational needs and as we move in to the second half of this year, we'll give you more clarity on exactly where that stands.
Operator: Our next question is with Richard Newitter with Leerink Partners.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Jamie on for Rich Newitter. A quick question that I have I guess is on the teen segment. Of course, you guys posted nice performance this quarter, so I'm kind of thinking about when you guys think this market could be potentially reaching an inflection point and how we should be thinking about the additional investments in your direct-to-consumer campaigns and really seeing the payoff there and how it translates into further growth in 2018?
Joe Hogan: Its Joe again. Look I would say we've done one in a row on teens and we have more work to do on this, but we have to put a lot of money into the system in the sense of educating moms and teens, peer to peer training for doctors, all these things. And so I'd say, the whole idea, enthusiasm around the tipping point, we're not there yet. We have to continue to see this market and push this market in order to get it going. We're confident in our ability to do that based on what we experienced in the last five quarters, but not necessarily ready to claim victory and that this has its own momentum at this point in time.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just one other quick question on scanners, I guess you were saying for you, if I heard you correctly, for the full year 2018, you're not expecting the same sort of growth for the scanner business. So just kind of on that front, what sorts of expectations or assumptions do you have baked in for 2018 for growth in this market.
John Morici: This is John. We would expect scanner growth to be approximately equal to Invisalign.
Operator: Our next question is with Jon Block with Stifel.
Jon Block: Joe, maybe for you, in 2018, another great year of revenue growth expectations and another year of sort of healthy spend expectations as well. So maybe if you can talk to where that spend is being allocated. Clearly, there's a return, but what is it -- is it more reps, is it additional DTC, is it both and then how do we think about that spend maybe throughout the year in terms of reaching sort of the critical mass on the rep front and then Ive got a follow-up.
Joe Hogan: Jon, what we're doing is were basically magnifying the investments that weve made in 2017, so you'll see again investment in teen, broader advertisements, so we now help to drive GP volume growth, particularly in United States too. Investments in our concierge service, but behind that too is what you alluded to also is more field people on the ground calling on customers to actually drive the business. So there's a direct correlation -- when you look at the correlation between our investment in these particular areas to drive demand and the demand we're able to drive and we can see that we realize through that, we're continuing on the same plane that we have before, Jon. I think I'm behind you, I know your question is leverage. As actually when that leverage does occur, I mean that's  Im voiding that -- it's just -- I don't this thing is not self-sustaining yet. We have to invest in to drive demand in this business and to educate consumers and particularly and to train doctors. And so I don't see that going away in 2018, Jon.
Jon Block: To shift gears, I know it's early, but I do want to sort of follow-up with the store front initiative. Clearly, the model, it gets the volume into the docs offices and you've been very vocal about that and it's unlike that of SDC, nut what are you hearing from your customers, maybe even if it's only specific to San Francisco, are there any that are sort of unsettled by called the fixed economics for Express type cases and they shouldnt be saying, hey, I'm getting 500 bucks instead of 50 for doing an SDC markup, but have they come around and what are you hearing in the early days from that customer base?
Joe Hogan: Jon, from a San Francisco store standpoint, when you ask the doctors around San Francisco about the store, there's enthusiastic support for it, because they're close to it and they see what we're doing. But if you go around the country, there is anxiety with doctors in the sense of what is Align trying to do with these stores and how to go about it. So we continue to try to communicate that this is a doctor's model and we're trying to drive that demand as much as we can through the orthodontics, and also the GP.  To your specific question about the signature product and our cost forward, I mean that hasn't been a favorite of our doctors that we set that price, but obviously there is a market price for around that, but that kind of -- and I call it anterior teeth movement which is basically just a smile kind of improvement that we know that patients really want and we feel that we have to deliver. There are some docs that readily support it and they are happy with it.  There's other ones that aren't happy with it too and we continue to let them make that selection, whether they want to participate in that or not. We also have our deluxe cases as we haven't set a priceline that the orthodontists have been very happy with in a sense. So, we do have a significant number of patients that offer the Deluxe too when they understand potential bite changes and what that might do for the long term dentition.
Operator: Our next question is with Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley.
Zach Wachter: This is actually Zach Wachter on for Steve. Thanks for the questions. Joe, I wondered if you saw the 3Shape and 3M release out today on the collaboration and any early thoughts on that.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. Zach, the one thing I was kind of stunned with was that basically 3M admitted that their scanner doesn't function properly for digital marketplace. I mean that surprised me more than anything. With that, it doesn't surprise me that they would go to 3Shape because 3Shape does have a good Confocal imaging scanner as we know, partially supported by our technology, but that's just to be expected in that sense. But -- the real part that surprised me was really that the def scanner that 3M currently has apparently will be retired in some way. So as far as what does that mean from a competitive standpoint, it doesn't change anything at all. It just means that 3M felt that they needed a different front end from a digital standpoint in their system than what they currently manufacture.
Zach Wachter: And as far as the 3Shape transition on the scan submissions, how are you doing in terms of back filling those volumes and what do you think about the overall impact there?
Joe Hogan: Thats like we didn't call our forecast any impact. We have customers upset at us because we had to make that move and wanted to make that move. But we're working through that, through offers of iTero that help offset this and also through subsidizing some submissions we did have in a fundamental way than the analog way in order to do impressions. So right now, we're not calling any kind of a downside based on that. We emphasize with customers have been effective from a workflow standpoint, we're doing everything we can to mitigate that and make it as easy as possible.
Zach Wachter: And there have been a couple of questions on store front, I wonder on the -- specifically on the consumer finance program, separate from the store, if there have been any early learnings there that you can share and any incremental volume left to speak to.
Joe Hogan: These are good questions. Well tell Steve how good you are. John's going to answer that question for you.
John Morici: Look, we're doing a pilot now in some key markets and learning a lot and working through to make sure that we have the best possible patient and customer experience through this. So we're learning, making sure that it gets rolled out in the right way and you'll see a larger rollout coming in the future.
Operator: Our next question is with John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: Joe, given the very strong growth that you just finished up in 17, how do you feel about the manufacturing infrastructures ability to handle it? If you had similar growth in 18 as you just put up, would there be any strains on the system and whereas in particular and do you have to put some more capital work there to stay ahead of that?
Joe Hogan: John, yes, we do. And we do that almost systematically. We make sure that we have enough SLA equipment and capability and whereas, obviously, we're going to have extra capacity now coming on in China that will help take some pressure off that facility too. We also could have a bottleneck on the patient and -- when you look at Costa Rica and what we do overall from the case assessment, case prescriptions standpoint, but we tend of stay up at that and we had a big challenge last year because we had a lot of volume come out as pretty quickly and we were able to recover and get it done. So I think the job right now I feel good about our operations team, our ability to anticipate that, to have the kind of capacity available upfront to get this done. So we don't look at that as being an issue in 2018.
John Kreger: And then just one follow-up, can talk a bit about key new innovations. So you gave us a nice update on mandibular advancement, as we think about 18, is there anything out on the horizon that you would maybe care to preview.
Joe Hogan: Well, I think we've talked a lot about rapid palatal expansion, I mean we talked about that about 18 months ago. Weve given updates on that, that technology continues to progress. We're enthusiastic about it. That's rapid palatal expansion, John. You put in, in this case a device, it replaces a device where you use actually a wrench today to turn it, it's very crude in the sense of how you expand the palatal, that this would be a digital way with plastic and being able to expand the palatal on a regular basis.  We also have a product called dental expansion, which will expand your upper arch also Invisalign with Invisalign aligners also. So those are the big products that we're moving toward. When you think about the teen marketplace, and we call tweens and teens and 30% of that marketplace is basically rapid palatal expansion and math, mandibular phase 1 kind of things. And so that technology is really aimed at making us more -- have a more substantial footprint and capability in that teen segment.
Operator: Our next question is with Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeff Johnson: John I think as you mentioned on SDC, maybe revenue is coming down a little bit in the forward quarters here after a couple of quarters in a row, near 10 million as they continue to ramp their aligner manufacturing. I guess my question just why do they keep investing in manufacturing capacity. Obviously, they have a good partner in you guys, you guys have plenty of manufacturing, I know, maybe some strain on it and whereas as we were just discussing, but why the investments there still and why not just continue to use you guys for most of their aligner needs?
Joe Hogan: Jeff, I think it looks at separate company. They're looking at this as how they want to run their company and decisions that they make to invest and produce their own product. We take anything that comes externally that they don't want to manufacture and it varies. As you've seen kind of quarter by quarter, based on what they produce versus what they go outside with, but it's an internal decision that they make.
Jeff Johnson: And then when I try to triangulate, I take 1Q guide kind of your 1.8 versus 2.8 EBIT guide and think about kind of what's going on in the business right now, help me out just understand what looks like it could be a down margin in the first quarter and I know John is going to give you a pass on that, but let me just push a little bit on it. How much of that is just your opening, Cologne recently opening in China in the treatment planning, China manufacturing costs or manufacturing facility being built out, it just seems like you are doing quite a bit right now, a couple of new storefronts, all that stuff. Is that really the driver of just some elevated expenses here in the near term or should we be thinking anything ASP driven or anything else kind of core fundamental to the business just versus some investments that need to be made right now.
John Morici: Yes. Jeff, it's mostly investments. If you think about how 2017 played out, from the investments early on in the year and progressively as we went quarter by quarter, we've got increasing operating leverage. That's the same type of play that we would have for 2018. We're investing, we continue to follow the strategy that we have and you'll see those investments throughout the year and first quarter, it's not as much operating leverage, but to guide something flat on a year-over-year basis, around that 24%, you would expect that some of that increase as we go through the year.
Operator: Our next question is with Matt O'Brien with Piper Jaffray.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Kevin on for Matt today. I wanted to follow up on a previous question on manufacturing. I know China is -- the facility there is coming on later this year. I was just curious on the primary investments there, are there any updates to new printers or materials and I guess more broadly with the large growing cash balance and possible repatriation of some cash back into the US, how the company thinks about the best use of cash at the moment?
John Morici: Yeah. I can start with that one. I mean when we think about our China operation, I mean, as kind of been noted, when we talk about investments that we have to make up, to accommodate the manufacturing, we're always investing. So now, we're going to add to that capacity that we need in China. So it's really a shift in some cases from Mexico to China and we'll continue to make those investments as needed from an overall growth standpoint. And when we look at our cash position that we have, as we said on previously, we're going to look at what strategically makes the most sense to bring cash back where we need it, where we can properly use that cash for future investments. But in other cases like China, well leave cash there to be able to grow that operation that we need. So we're going to look at this very strategically as to how we best fund our growth.
Unidentified Analyst: And then lastly, I was just -- just looking at the percentage of cases done through the iTero digital scanning process, it goes up nicely every quarter and it was right around 50% in North America this time last year. So large incremental improvement. Ideally, you're looking for 100% there, but is there an internal target that company is looking for in 18 or the coming years? And secondly, how would you think about any kind of savings from fewer adjustments being sent back or chipping the molds out. Is it more significant than we might assume?
Joe Hogan: Its Joe. We don't really -- don't set numbers year to year to think where we're going to be, but you saw a ten point increase last year in North America alone. So I mean we expect that going forward, as scanners are more and more adopted, obviously, fewer impressions are going to be done. So, ideally, you'll get to 100% someday, but getting to 80%, 85% is probably going to be, its the top of the area because a lot of, particularly on the GP side, they will be maybe reluctant to invest in the scanner until they know that they have enough Invisalign volume to really support that. But I -- as far as the savings of doing that, we actually obviously don't have -- you have better fitting aligners. We know all those things occur from that, but we don't have any quantification in the sense of the economics or changes in that way that I can share with you that I know.
Operator: Our last question is with Brandon Couillard from Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard: Just a couple of housekeeping questions, John. In terms of the 1Q revenue guidance, 400 to 410, pretty rare that we would see a sequential quarter-over-quarter decline if ever. Does that imply -- can you give us some sense of like the actual magnitude of the scanner step down from 4Q into the first quarter and perhaps spike out, whether that largely reflects upfront Patterson shipments that really wont recur in the first quarter.
John Morici: Brandon, its  yeah, as you pointed out, the revenue is -- the numbers that we guided to is just a pure reflection of what we expect from a scanner standpoint and being the strength of Q4 from a scanner standpoint, its a big quarter from a capital standpoint and investment standpoint by our doctors. It doesn't necessarily repeat in Q1. So that's a step down that we see. So it's really what's driving that change and it's been that, it's not unexpected in terms of how we look at Q4 to Q1.
Brandon Couillard: And then secondly in terms of the 18 outlook, can you give a sense of where you see your percentage of SmileDirect manufacturing volumes shaken out for the year? And then secondly curious if youve finalized plans on whether you expect it to take a little, more or less pricing this year.
John Morici: So, on SmileDirectClub, we would expect about the same volume year-over-year. So what we saw in 17 should approximate and repeat in 2018 and that would be included in the overall numbers that we gave. And in terms of ASPs, we increased in the past, we haven't announced any increase in 2018. We will let our customers know in advance and then communicate that afterwards, but our past history has been to include.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, everyone. This concludes our conference call today. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings, including the Leerink Healthcare Conference, Morgan Stanley European Healthcare conference and the Chicago Midwinter Meeting. We're also announcing today that we will be hosting an Investor Day in New York City on May 23. Additional information will be available shortly. We hope to see you there. If you have any questions, please contact Investor Relations. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 16:00:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - VP of Corporate and Investor Communications Joseph Hogan - President and CEO John Morici - CFO
Analysts: Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs John Kreger - William Blair Jonathan Block - Stifel Erin Wright - Credit Suisse Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Align Technology Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Communications. Please go ahead.
Shirley Stacy : Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued third quarter 2017 financial results today via Marketwired, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on November 9. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13671493 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook, and the expected financial results for the fourth quarter of 2017. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We've posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our third quarter conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights on the quarter, and then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, clear aligners and scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. I'm pleased to report another strong quarter and Q3 results that exceed our expectations across our key financial metrics including revenue, volumes, margins and EPS. Our Q3 revenues increased 38.3% year-over-year driven by increase Invisalign volumes across all of our geographies as well as strong growth from our scanners. Our strong Q2 results also reflect accelerate growth from teenagers in both North America and Asia Pacific with total Invisalign shipments to team up 46.3% year-over-year and up 26.5% in Q2.  On sequential basis revenues increased 8.1% driven by continued strength across Asia Pacific which offset expected seasonality in Europe as well as higher than expected revenues from shipments [as record]. For North America, Q3 Invisalign case volume was down 1.1% sequentially reflecting a decrease in GP dentist channel due to less patient traffic and fewer days in the office from the summer holidays.  In addition, as result of the devastation caused by hurricane Harvey and Irma, we estimate that our North American volumes are lower by approximately 1,500 cases in Q3 and mostly adults. These declines were partially offset by strong growth from the ortho channel, specially teens.  On the year-over-year basis North America was up 25% reflecting strong growth from the ortho channel, driven by an increase in team patients and in Invisalign express life products.  Q3 in Invisalign volume for international doctors is up 6.8% sequentially, driven primarily by Asia Pacific region, which offset expected summer seasonality declines in EMEA. On year-over-year basis Invisalign volume was up 47.4% reflecting strong growth from both APAC and EMEA.  In EMEA, Q3 volumes were up 37.6% year-over-year lead by our core European markets particularly Spain, UK and France. We also saw strong growth across all of our smaller expansion markets, which includes central and eastern Europe, Benelux, Middle East and Africa, the Nordics and Russia.  In APAC Q3 volumes were up 57.4% year-over-year with record Invisalign across all country markets led primarily by China, Q3 marked the first quarter in which China was our second largest market in the world behind United States. Our asset customer base in APAC is almost triple year-over-year with over 1500 [doctors to entered] in Q3 mostly within China.  Turning to the teen market, over 698,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners in Q3, up 26.5% sequentially and 46.3% year-over-year, reflecting a very strong summer teen season and accelerating growth rates. North American ortho teen cases increased 22.9% sequentially and 43.6% year-over-year reflecting our continued efforts to drive adoption of teenage patients through sales initiatives and our direct-to-consumer campaign emphasizing teens and mom.  For international Q3 teen cases increased 36.7% sequentially and 65.7% year-over-year driven by accelerated growth across the APAC regions primarily led by China. The introduction of Invisalign treatment with mandibular advancement is helping to raise visibility for Invisalign treatment of teenagers and contributed to some of the growth in the APAC region. We call the Invisalign treatment of mandibular advancement is the first clear aligner solution for Class II correction that advances the mandibular while moving teeth at the same time. Mandibular advancement is intercooled to increasing teen adoption. Approximately 30% to 45% of teen cases globally need Class II correction. Based on early indications we are seeing a positive correlation between those customers who use our mandibular advancement feature and the increased teen utilization.  One example is [Dr. Lethic] in Canada, who has seen the benefits of switching from an analog to digital method of orthodontist not just with mandibular advancement but with Invisalign treatment in general. With the launch of mandibular advancement and because of the renewed commitment to being fully digital in phasing out the use of metal braces [Dr. Lethic] has started 162 patients in Invisalign treatment since Q2 '17. Of those 120 were teenagers and 24 were treated with mandibular advancement features. This is compared to only 3 Invisalign patients in 2016 and only 1 Invisalign case in the first quarter of this year. That's an amazing transformation of [Dr. Lethic's] business and speaks towards the impact of digital growth for patients. Invisalign treatment with mandibular advancement is not available in the United States yet, as it's currently pending FDA approval.  Our consumer marketing programs continue increased demand for Invisalign's treatment and our key to adoption in both the teen and adult segments. Each year we invest millions in consumer advertising and social and media campaigns to raise awareness, create preference and help consumers to find an Invisalign practice near them.  In 2017, we increased our investment in consumer marketing by 60%, which we believe is contributing to our strong growth. But despite our efforts most of the consumers interested in Invisalign's treatment still end up in metal braces or dont start any type of orthodontic treatment at all. This is phenomena isnt new and we've been working through years to identify gaps like these and develop solutions that turn more consumers into Invisalign patients for our customers.  In January, we launched a new consumer capture program with a Smile Concierge team enrolling with Carolina whose goal is to reach more consumers one-on-one and ensures that anyone that contacts us directly has the best experience with Invisalign brand beginning to end. Our Smile Concierge service educates consumers on the benefits of Invisalign treatment, answers their questions and help them to schedule an appointment and Invisalign providers from our next level partnerships listed as DIT on Invisalign.com.locator. The team also follows up with consumers through digital apps and email to find out whether they keep their appointment and start Invisalign treatment. It's really existing to see how something as simple as direct personal touch has resulted in such positive response from our consumers and adopters.  The team received incredible feedback from consumers every day, who appreciate the white glove service we provide which is translating into shorter research cycles for the average consumer interested in the Invisalign treatment and a win-win for Align, our customers and consumers. Over the past 10 months our Smile Concierge team have contacted 50,000 consumers, who took a smile assessment on Invisalign.com and scheduled 20,000 consultations with nearly 800 Invisalign practices across the U.S.  Today 5000 have already started treatment within an Invisalign provider which equates to millions of dollars in revenue through Invisalign practices and we're just getting started. Our new Smile Concierge service is not only helping turn more consumers into Invisalign patients, we're also learning a lot about consumer conversion. For example, convenience and speed of contact are critical to conversion. If we can't schedule an appointment for consumers see a doctor within 72 hours mean they can't get on to the doctor's schedule within three days, the likelihood of that consumer converting to Invisalign patient drops by 40%.  On top of that for the consumers that get scheduled for a consultation, 65% of them cites financial concerns as the reason dont start treatment with 25% of them stating that a high down payment in the practice is the main barriers of acceptance. With that in mind as part of our smile concierge service, we just launched a patient financing pilot, that address consumer financing concerns as well as insurance coverage for orthodontic treatment. In developing this project, it's important for us to find the solutions that offers consumers the ability to customize their own down payment, monthly payment and interest rate in a way that can fit into any budget.  Equally important is providing an end to end digital workflow for both the consumer and the doctor and with our new third-party financer partner, weve done just that. When consumers finance their treatment through us and Invisalign providers no longer pay Align, instead they just receive payment for the treatment fee minus Align's lab fee. By changing the financial relationship between the patient, Align and the provider, Invisalign treatment become a revenue source for the provider and eliminates the needs for them to pass on the high down payments to patients.  Finally, we've also learned whats important for consumers when it comes to choosing Invisalign practice and digital technology really matters. As part of the smile concierge referral process consumers are offered the top three Invisalign practices in their areas and it turns out that the iTero scanner is one of the key influencers. While this isnt surprising to us, it is important to be able to validate another example of digital technology like our iTero inner oral scanner replacing an old analog process like PVS impressions.  With that lets review the results for the iTero business. Q3 was a strong quarter for iTero and better than expected with revenues up 25% year-over-year on record iTero scanner shipments. The iTero scanner is central to restore the workflows and key to our GP strategy. In Q3, we saw a nice uptake by GP dentist with record contracts out of GP summit September. Q2 results also reflect the initial uptake of iTero scanner from its first commercial availability in Japan as well as from our new distribution agreement with Paterson Dental in United States and Canada.  Use of the iTero scanners from Invisalign case submission in place of PVS impressions continues to expand and remained a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q3, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in North American increased to a record 61.9% up from 48.8% in Q3 of last year. Overall, we continue to be excited about the long-term potential for at home doctor directed market and are pleased with our equity investment and supply agreement with SmileDirectClub.  For Q3 in aligner shipments to SmileDirectClub or SDC were higher than expected and more than doubled sequentially reflecting continued strong volume growth as well as a shift to Align manufacturing more of SDCs aligners than what SDC internally produces. As SDC's is exclusive third partly supplier this quarter we produced about two thirds of the Clear aligner volume as compared to only one third in the prior two quarters. While this shift was not anticipated our world class manufacturing operations can accommodate changes in SDCs order flow easily. We are pleased that we are able to support their continued rapid growth. With that, I'll now turn it over to John.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q3 financial results. Total company revenue for the third quarter was a record $385.3 million, up 8.1% from the prior quarter and up 38.3% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Clear aligner revenue up $341.6 million was up 6.4% sequentially, and higher than expected volume and variable foreign exchange rates as well as increased revenue from shipments to SEC. Year-over-year clear aligner revenue growth, of 40.2%, reflected strong Invisalign shipment growth across all customer channels and geographies, increased Invisalign prices and revenue from shipments to SDC.  Q3 Invisalign ASPs were up sequentially approximately $25 from Q2 to $1,310 reflecting favorable foreign exchange, a favorable shift in our product mix and price increases partially offset by increased promotional discounts. On a year-over-year basis, Q3 Invisalign ASPs were also up $25, reflecting price increases, an increase in additional aligner revenue, favorable foreign exchange partially offset by increased promotional discounts. For the third quarter, total Invisalign shipments of [236.1000] cases were up 1.8% sequentially, driven primarily by our Asia Pacific doctors and North American orthodontists. Year-over-year Invisalign case volume growth was up 32.8%, driven by growth across all regions, as well as expansion of our customer base, priced predominantly from Asia Pacific. For North American orthodontists, Q3 Invisalign case volume was up 1.8% sequentially and up 31.9% year-over-year. For North American GP dentists, Invisalign case volume was down 5.2% sequentially and up 15.9% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 6.8% sequentially and up 47.4% year-over-year. Our Scanner & Services revenue for the third quarter was $43.7 million, up 23.2% sequentially and up 25% year-over-year, primarily due to our continued investment in go-to-market activities in APAC and EMEA, as well as the initial uptick of the iTero Scanner from its first commercial availability in Japan. Moving onto gross margin, third quarter overall gross margin was 75.9%, down 0.1 point sequentially and up 0.8 points year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the third quarter was 77.9%, down 0.2 point sequentially, primarily due to an increase in aligners per case driven by additional aligners, partially offset by higher Clear aligner ASPs. Clear aligner gross margins was up 0.2 year-over-year primarily due to leveraging our manufacturing costs over higher volumes. Scanner gross margin for the third quarter was 60%, up 3.3 points sequentially, primarily due to higher ASPs. Scanner segment gross margin was up 2.9 points year-over-year, primarily a result of lower service costs.  Q3 operating expenses were $193.7 million, up sequentially by $6.4 million or 3.4%, primarily related to increased global head count. On a year-over-year basis, Q3 operating expenses were up 31.7%, reflecting increased head count and continued investment in our go-to-market activities critical to the growth of our business. Our third quarter operating margin was 25.6%, up 2.2 points sequentially and up 3.3 points year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating margin relates primarily to increased clear aligner volume. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in operating margin primarily reflects higher revenue and lower cost per case partially offset by increased head count and higher marketing expenses.  With regards to our third quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 17.9%, which includes $1.7 million in excess tax benefit and is down by approximately 0.5 points compared to 18.4% in the same quarter last year. Primarily due to 2017 adoption of ASU 2016-9 which requires access tax benefits related to stock based compensation we recognized as a reduction to tax expense and certain one-time tax charges encored in the prior year from implementing our new international corporate tax structure. The revenue and cost to supply aligner small direct club are included in our operating profit and reported results.  Additionally, we report our share of SmileDirectClub's losses below operating margin and our tax provision, and is entitled Equity and Losses of Investee, net of tax. Our share of SSE loss net of tax in Q3 was approximately $1.6 million decreasing our diluted earnings per share by $0.02. Third quarter diluted earnings per share was $1.01 up 18.8% sequentially and up 60.3% compared to prior year.  Moving onto the balance sheet, as of the third quarter cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities, including both short and long-term investments, were $739.9 million. This compared to $676.6 million at the end of Q2, an increase of approximately $61.3 million, primarily related to earnings growth. Of our $737.9 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $236.3 million was held by the U.S. and $501.6 million was held by our international entities. Q3 accounts receivable balance was $321.3 million, up approximately 10.2% sequentially. Our overall DSO was 75 days, up 1 day sequentially and down 3 days from 78 days in Q3 last year. We anticipate that our DSOs will continue to decline over the next few quarters. Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $118.1 million, up $58.3 million compared to the prior year. Free cash flow for the second quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $70 million. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $48.1 million, primarily relating to building improvements purchases and improvement, equipment purchases for additional manufacturing capacity as well as our global expansion efforts.  During the third quarter, we concluded our previously announced $50 million accelerated stock repurchase. We received a total of 0.4 million shares under the ASR, at a weighted average share price of $146.48. We have 250 million for repurchases under the existing stock repurchase authorization. With that, let's turn to our Q4 outlook and the factors that inform our view, starting with the demand outlook. For our international, we expect Invisalign volume to be up from Q3 as EMEA customers return from seasonally slower summer holidays, partially offset by a slight decreased in the APAC as the greater China market observes the golden week holiday. For North America, we expect Invisalign volume to be up sequentially reflecting the seasonally stronger quarter, partially offset by some lingering effects of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. For our scanner business, we expect slight sequential increases but in a typical strong end of the year demand for capital equipment. Q4 sequential growth reflects the benefits from orders taken at our North America GP Summit in Q3 and global expansion. As Joe commented earlier, this quarter we produced two thirds of SEC aligners. However, we expect our aligner shipments to SEC to be down sequentially in anticipation of a production ship back to their own internal manufacturing.  With this as a backdrop, we expect the fourth quarter to shape up as follows. Invisalign case volume is expected to be in the range of 245,000 to 250,000 cases, up approximately 29% to 32% over the same period a year ago. We expect Q4 net revenues to be in the range of $391 million to $398 million, an increase of approximately 33% to 36% year-over-year. We expect Q4 gross margins to be in the range of 75% to 75.5%, reflecting higher ASPs, partially offset by higher expenses as we regionalize our treatment planning operations. We expect Q4 operating expenses to be in the range of $198 million to $202 million, up on a sequential basis to reflect our continued investments in go-to-market activities. Q4 operating margin should be in the range of 24.3% to 24.8%. Our effective tax rate, including an excess tax benefit of about $1 million, should be approximately 22%. We expect a $1.5 million loss related to our share of SmileDirectClub and diluted shares outstanding should be approximately 81.9 million, inclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q4 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.92 to $0.95. In addition, as we continue our operational expansion efforts, we expect CapEx for Q4 to be approximately $55 million to $60 million, and we expect depreciation and amortization to be $10.5 million to $11 million.  With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph Hogan : Thanks, John. We're pleased with the performance the business and feel good about the overall momentum and strength of aligner.  With that we will open up the call for any questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
Robert Jones : A very big step up in ASP, John you touched on some of the factors that affect mixing and pricing increase but it does look like that you're calling for this is to be sustainable through the end of the year. So, I was may be hoping if you could just talk about the drivers and I guess may be specifically, mix and the pricing increases where I will be most interested in what's driving that why you think that looks like it will hold at least through the end of this year. 
Joseph Hogan: Good question, you're right we did see some mix benefits with some volume that came through Asia, so that helps up from overall stand point we saw some FX favorability that came in this quarter. As you noted we have price increases that is in our numbers as well, partially offset by some discounting, so netted altogether we feel that for fourth quarter, flat to slightly down in Q3. 
Robert Jones : Okay I got it and then I guess just on the patient financing interesting new wrinkle, Joe was hoping maybe you could talk about the opportunity there. Any data or survey work you guys have done that might help us get ahead around how many people actually may be go to doc locator or go to see a doctor about perusing Invisalign but ultimately dont elect to do the treatment because of cost. Might help us frame, how this might help the opportunity there.
Joseph Hogan: About two questions, we dont have any real statistics to tell you, how many people going doc locator and but we could tell you, from our consumer capture efforts and we talked about this concierge service, this is one of the big items that consumers have to deal with, often orthodontists also ask for a large down payment upfront too that even if a customer can avoid credit, it's still a pretty hit from a cash standpoint upfront.  We think this will be a good factor for us and helping to bring more consumers into Invisalign but we dont have any statistics right now to tell you exactly what that might be, I would say just stay with us and as we go through this we will able to give you more and more specific on it. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve [indiscernible] with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: Two from me on the same basic concept and it's about the trajectory of investment in the business. I have to imaging you feel happy on the marketing expense trajectory and on the efforts in Asia that these have paid off, as well as they have, and you give you couple of interesting statistics on, I think it was growth and marketing spend and something like a tripling of the customer base and I believe that was a broader Asia.  Could you talk about one, how you think about the growth of marketing spend and the commercial team from here and then two, a similar question, more specific to Asia, how you think about the remaining runway for customer acquisition, considering how much success you have a much you probably learned about how things are working there. 
Joseph Hogan: Steve, so on the marketing spend, I would just way we just continue to do what we can in a sense of driving volume. There is no formulating methodology we have here, we mean obviously we focused on teens in a big way. In North America to get a look that we had. That spend also has been I think really refined in the sense of how much of social media, how much goes to some other segment how much go to the team that have done, so I feel there is the lot of accuracy and sophistication in a sense of how we go about it.  But we do know that we had a pretty big signal in the sense of being able to spend more of in that channel and see an increase in orders and we will keep spending where we can. I think a broader question in that and I believe then your second one is how we do this oversees too. North America a lot of our marketing dollars, our teams were focused in the third quarter in the second quarter also. But we look at translating what we are learning here in the United States oversees and we've had a pretty good response from a teen standpoint in China also and now we have some restrictions in the sense of how you can advertise in certain geographies and we have to be compliant in that sense but we will be smart in the sense of how we use as advertising dollars.  From an Asia runway standpoint, I mean we talk about going wide in the business you saw we train another 1,000 docs overall in China for the quarter. There is a direct correlation in the sense of being able to train those docs and we see the increase in orders going forward.  Remember our penetration rates in places like in China are still relatively thin when you think about the available population. Also, India, we are really just getting started in Korea and Taiwan. In Australia we saw terrific growth there too and that's a market that we've have had fairly good penetration rates and over the years and so there is different formulas we have to use for different geographies in the sense of adding sales people, adding docs, like in Australia it's a different deal in the sense of it is more like North America where it's advertising a specificity where you spend from a sales standpoint that helps in that way. But I know I'm not helping you a lot Steven in the sense of being able to model that, but tell you that we obviously watch as closely, we want to invest in the sense of where we get the biggest return and we do watch that part also.
Unidentified Analyst : If I could just sneak one housekeeping item. I wonder if you have any updates on timelines in the U.S. for mandibular advancement and for iGo?
Joseph Hogan: On mandibular advancement we expect to hear back from the FDA in December sometime and that's all we know. It's like that when you do that, you submit your data and then basically the FDA kind of goes behind closed doors and kind of works through it but we feel we have submitted good data and we will just wait and see what happens in December. And now from an iGo standpoint remember we keep better rating on iGo and in different parts and different geographies in the sense of the product itself and how that interacts with the doc and the patient and we've had -- we continue to do well with that product line but you'll see more data on that on iGo and as iGo success as we get into -- as we report the fourth quarter next year we have more specificity on that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John Kreger : Joe, obviously the years split are very, very well in terms of volumes. Can you just talk about how the infrastructure is holding up? Are you starting to see any bottlenecks or choke points that could be challenges if the demand continues to be this strong?
Joseph Hogan: Obviously when you start to grow at this rate above what we've predicted, we've been able to stay ahead from the manufacturing standpoint we always go to certain amount of buffer capacity so we cover things like this. Initially we had a little bit of trouble in the sense of clean check and our people did actually do the clean check pieces but we experienced that back actually in January or so we adjusted to give us extra capacity for the year or so.  Right now, we're in good shape, it's a good thing about this business in the sense we can adjust capacity pretty quickly within a certain number of weeks and months when we have this kind of things, but we're trying to anticipate and lay resources ahead of these things, so we dont get into a situation where we can't handle demand. 
John Kreger : Great thank you and then, may be any early thought on 2018 and sort of key puts and takes, for example should we think about the storms here in North America as may be causing you to start more slowly or may be giving you a little bit of pent up demand as you move into next year. 
Joseph Hogan: I wouldnt call the storms material at all, I probably wouldnt even consider that in your accusation. And right now, we kind of talk about this, we anticipate there will 2018 questions but we have good momentum now you can see us going into fourth quarter. And I think John has given you some really strong indications of where the fourth quarter is going to be and so we try to be as specific as we could to help in that sense but we are really not ready to get into conjecture on 2018 at this point. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Block with Stifel. 
Jonathan Block : May just a first one, the international case volume there was tremendous, notably APAC. You mentioned the train docs and that was certainly big, but is some of that drill also due to the local treatment planning facility that just opened up or is arguably that even too soon to be yielding benefits and that so might be on the come in subsequent quarters. 
Joseph Hogan: I would say right now that I won't call any extra volume right now John associated with those, in fact we discussed that from -- we were in Germany, just last week to take a look at our [indiscernible] facility we opened up in Cologne there and honestly, it's just starting to ramp up, the initial indications, like just like in China these are really good, they interface well with customers, the teams there are very excited in sense of what they can do. Just getting closer to those customers and being in that geography from a cultural and timeframe standpoint is really critical, so that really hasnt impacted volume yet, but we will give a report as we get into next year and this becomes a little more mature. I mean we obviously put that in there because we think, mid -term longer term, this is going to a volume driver for us. 
Jonathan Block : Got it, actually you just answered the question with the very last statement. Thats perfect. And then just to shift gears, patient financing pilot, I want to make sure I got my arms on this correctly, so the doc gets the treatment fees, less Align's lab fee. So are you guys the one taking on the financing risk and if so, should we think about it as a potential long-term tailwind to sort of your realized ASP offset by what could be sort of the theoretical bad debt expense on the consumer, may be if you can just talk through that. Thanks guys. 
John Morici : No, its a third party that would take on any of the financing sort of bad debt, or anything out that comes with this would be third party, it would not be associated with us at all. 
Jonathan Block : Okay so zero impact to your ASP. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt O'Brien with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question. 
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon team, this is Kevin on for Matt today, thanks for taking the time. I wanted to take a moment on iTero which seems to be the focus for this year and beyond and with record shipments, I'm just curious, how you're looking at the trends for case submissions and the broader strategy on the ground for iTero, seems like a bigger piece than we previously anticipated. I know you mentioned -- and the second part of the question, as I know you mentioned in the prepared remarks about the lower patient traffic in summer holidays. Just wanted to reconcile the sales effort on the scanners and the GP offices and kind how does that relate to the lower volume in the quarter. It seems a bit of a mismatch.
Joseph Hogan: You remember last year Tim we were shipping a lot from backlog on the volume piece. What you are seeing this year is a pure demand signal there is nothing really coming out of backlog. So, I think if you are talking about that discrepancy that's the one I'd other point out.  On your broader question on the volume of the business I think it's important for you to understand that when we talk about sales last year of iTero, its broadly an North American business. What we're seeing now we're seeing an increase uptick in Europe, we just approved in Japan, we had significant semantic shipments in Japan in the third quarter also and we'll move into Asia broadly into more next year. I say the business is just getting broader internationally and that adds to the volume also.  But in the United States I hear in your comments that I think you understand that we've have a really good amount of orthodontic penetration with iTero, and more and more of our sales are moving into GPs and so that's one of the reasons we put together the Patterson dental distribution agreement because of their strong position with GPs and help us through so we have some work to do on restore the workflow in areas like that to be more viable in that channel but we've got a really good pickup and we are enthusiastic about the future in North American channel for GPs too.
Unidentified Analyst : I mean the second question kind of comes from China. I think a few folks touched on this to just wanted to discuss just the utilization trends in that market and the strategy that's kind of done differently there that you would highlight versus the rest of the international markets. Is there anything on the grounds that I am missing driving this or is it just continued adoption training and utilization as you would expect?
Joseph Hogan: Continual adoption, training and utilization just as you described it Kevin. I wish I could make it sound harder and more sophisticated but it's about getting resources in place and moving it through. Now you know we just put up a treatment planning facility in China and that's really, they are ramping up well we are getting good customers feedback and so you know we will continue to do more and more resources to enhance that position in China in the future.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Erin Wright: Just as a follow-up on sort of the Scanners. I guess what sort of traction are you seeing for kind of standalone I guess versus sort of the closed architecture systems just given sort of the distribution shift that we've been seeing kind of in the U.S. and is there stocking dynamics that we should be considering here in near term? Thanks.
John Morici : I missed that question, can you rephrase the question?
Erin Wright: iTero.
John Morici : Yes, I know thats iTero, but it was underneath that. 
Unidentified Company Representative : What do you mean by closed systems?
Erin Wright: Like closed architecture systems involving like [Indiscernible].
Joseph Hogan: You mean like a Scarano system. [indiscernible] But Scarano they are capable of doing a scan and sending it into us and you can bypass them and an impress them with a Scarano Scanner. You can't necessarily get stimulation and lot of visualization and things that we offer on the iTero side. Does that answer -- and then you talk about did you, you talk about capacity on iTero or
Erin Wright: Yes, or any sort of stocking with just your relationships there that we should be.
John Morici : I understand what you mean. No nothing like the Patterson, Scarano thing, dont worry about any kind of stocking things affecting our numbers in a material way.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. And then can you give us an update on this SmileDirectClub and how's that sort of resonating with customers and how you weigh sort of that direct to consumer relationship with all those practitioners as well. Thanks. 
Joseph Hogan: I mean, our relationship with SmileDirectClub is good, we value, I think were very synergistic in the sense of how we work with one another, remember those are SmileDirect customers, we dont see them, we dont really experience them we just do what SmileDirectClub asks us to do it.  Obviously, part of your question is a lot of consternation in the orthodontic channel, about doctor directed and kind of systems that will be more of a digital dentistry, remote kinds of things where it's not involved in the doctor's office. Again, thats not us, were not part of that, SmileDirectClub really controls that and holds it, so.  I mean there is market for this, SmileDirectClub continues to do a great job in market and grow pretty substantially but it would be stupid to ignore that there is certain amount of consternation in the market place and a pushback but, I think SGC continues to do a great job out there. 
Operator: Next question is from the line of Richard Newitter with Leerink Partners. 
Richard Newitter : I just wanted to start, your growth trajectory, it continues to accelerate, you're at a level, there is some pretty enormous year-over-year numbers here and I was just wondering if you could reflect a little bit upon, the age old question we always ask you balancing, driving future growth through the investment and dropping to the bottom line and as we kind think about, some of these marketing initiatives that are clearly being paying off, it sounds like you guys are probably at a point where it team's inflecting and you might want to dial over some of these initiatives and is that the way to think about it, you could be at a tipping point here, inflection point in adoption and you guys are going to put the gap total expense or how should we think about your growth for all the investment. 
Joseph Hogan: I'll just turn your attention to how underpenetrated we're in this market place, I mean its incredible right. globally we can do 60% to 70% of the orthodontic cases out there today, we have 8%. And so, a lot of the investment and things that we make, whether it's recruiting new doctors in China or its targeting moms and teens here in Untied States, it's about really driving the penetration that there is an entitlement in this business we should have based on what patients want and based on what our technology can deliver.  I know there is always questions on leverage out there, our operating profits are over 25%, obviously was held by SGC this quarter, and its significant but we shown good leverages this quarter despite exchange and despite what I call unusual from an SGC standpoint. So, I would say we're getting some leverage in this business, but I dont expect kind of the material change in this sense of the input, output ratio of this business. We have to continue and invest aggressively in forward sales forces and marketing, especially in technology to stay ahead and to penetrate more to market place. Weve always said that our goal is 25% to 30% operating profit in this business. We could do that tomorrow if we wanted to, you wouldn't like the growth numbers. Now we're getting close to that lower end and we keep working that piece and we feel good about the tradeoffs that we are actually administrating right now between volume and margin. Does that make sense Richard?
Richard Newitter : It makes a lot of sense and I think a number of investors would agree to it, that are striking the right balance and the trade of there. My second question is just on teens, can you break out a little bit the, continued acceleration that we're seeing in that category, I get a lot of it was held outside the U.S. but in North America what kind of attraction you're getting with the GP channel in teen obviously your orthodontic channels are a little more dominant there but are you starting to see some inflection on the GP side with that segment?
Joseph Hogan: With the GP segment in general I would say no, honestly, I would say I go helping us understand that more and I can tell you the GP segment in the U.S. is certainly different in the segment in Germany than it is in Japan, than it is in China and so each one of these countries kind of has a different solution that we have to work through whether its workflow or what preferences re whatever so. I will not say we are in an inflection point in all the GPs I would say we have a lot of growth. Teen growth for GPs not where they are focus, and so a lot of GPs only touch a teen, they are worried about working teen so that's not a -- and when we talk about teens we are really talking about all ortho channel utilization in the end.
Operator: Yes, and that question is coming from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird.
Jeff Johnson : I'll try to be quick here as the last question so Joe I guess first question just why did we see the increase in SDC volumes in the third quarter? Was there a driver of that was there a reason behind that and why does it revert in the fourth quarter? Do we just kind of live with the little bit of volatility here going forward?
Joseph Hogan: I'll answer your last question first, you live with the volatility going forward Jeff okay. We dont control SmileDirectClub's decision making process. I'm not quite sure exactly why we receive that much more of SDCs volume but I dont count on that going forward and that's basically John's comments where in his opening remark. So, I wish I could more specific about it Jeff but I can't and it's just
Jeff Johnson: Should we at all bring that as a demand spike in the third quarter like all of the sudden volume came in stronger than they expected in the third quarter or do you think it was just them putting out some volume on you?
Joseph Hogan: Well, they continue to grow but I say it's a combination of both but it's not driven discreetly by volume I would say. 
Jeff Johnson: Yes, okay and my last question just on the fusion, the iTero fusion program you know you are locking GPs and it's some higher implied volumes there with that program just what's been the response to that program? Has that program taken off or is it taking off and how should we think about the implications for the GP numbers from that program going forward?
Joseph Hogan: I think again I have to move outside of North America in general, the biggest uptick in segments for fusion has been outside of North America, and it's been really received extremely well. In North America right now, we're really just getting cracked up on the fusion piece and we'll have more for you in the fourth quarter results, Jeff.
Shirley Stacy : Well, thank you, everyone. This concludes our conference call for today and look forward to seeing you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings. If you have any other questions, please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc. Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc. John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.
Analysts: Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC Adam Krasner - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Ravi Misra - Leerink Partners LLC Zachary R. Wachter - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Align Technology Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Shirley Stacy, VP of Corporate and Investor Communications. Ms. Stacy. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued second quarter 2017 financial results today via Marketwired, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on August 10. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13665263 followed by #. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook, and the expected financial results for the third quarter of 2017. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We've posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our second quarter conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights on the quarter, and then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, clear aligners and scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the third quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. Our second quarter results were better than expected across all key financial metrics, including revenue, volume, margins and EPS. Q2 revenues increased 32.3% year-over-year, driven by strong Invisalign case shipments across all channels, and especially in the teen segment. Solid execution of our strategy and key investments continue to deliver strong growth across the board, with record Invisalign volume in almost every geography. Q2 also had all-time high of nearly 5,000 newly trained doctors in a quarter for the first time ever. And our iTero scanner business also performed well this quarter with revenues up 36.7% year-over-year. For Q2, North American Invisalign case volume was up 10.3% sequentially and 27.6% year-over-year, reflecting strong year-over-year growth from both orthodontists and GP dentist channels. Continued uptake with teens drove Invisalign growth in North America and contributed to another record quarter for ortho volumes, up 34.5% year-over-year, and an utilization up to 13.6 cases per doctor. Q2 volume for North America GP dentist increased 18.9% year-over-year, primarily reflecting continued expansion of our GP customer base and utilization growth, which increased to a record 3.3 cases per doctor. Q2 was the first quarter we offered Invisalign Lite in North America and we saw solid uptake, especially among GP dentists. Invisalign Lite includes up to 14 stages of aligners and is intended to treat simple to moderate cases. Q2 Invisalign volume for international doctors was up 13.6% sequentially and 37.4% year-over-year, driven primarily by new customers in both EMEA and APAC regions. In EMEA, Q2 volumes were up 33.2% year-over-year. All five of our core European markets showed record growth rates led by Spain and the UK. Expansion markets also had record volume with over 50% year-over-year growth led by Central and Eastern Europe and the Benelux. In Asia Pacific, Q2 volumes were up 44.4% year-over-year led by China where we trained over 1,000 doctors for the first time, followed by growth from Southeast Asia, Japan, and ANZ. Turning to the teen markets, over 55,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners in Q2, up 12.6% sequentially and 37.6% year-over-year, reflecting continued acceleration above adult case volume growth. North America ortho teen cases increased 11.6% sequentially and 42.1% year-over-year compared to adult cases of 9.8% and 30.5%, the third consecutive quarter teen growth rate that has been above adults. International case shipments to teen patients increased both 13.7% sequentially and 40.5% year-over-year as well. In Q2, we expanded commercialization of Invisalign treatment with mandibular advancement to select countries in EMEA and APAC. MAT (05:29), as we call it, is the first clear aligner solution for Class II correction that advances the mandibular while moving teeth at the same time. While we're still very early in adoption cycle to-date, we're pleased with the initial update and expect to see continued ramp-up over the course of the year Invisalign treatment with mandibular advancement is not available in the U.S. yet where it's pending FDA approval. The Invisalign brand and our consumer marketing campaign programs continue to be key factors in raising awareness and creating demand for Invisalign treatment. In Q2, we continued to benefit from our investments in new programs as well as optimizing online spending and media mix for existing programs. In U.S., we launched our new teen-focused marketing campaign in May that aims to educate teens and their parents, moms especially, about the benefits of teeth straightening with Invisalign clear aligners. It also works to ensure that teens know Invisalign treatment is the best option for their lifestyle. The new program contributed significant growth in consumer demand during the quarter that helped drive Invisalign teen volume. Our teen campaign expands to the Invisalign Made to Move campaign that we introduced in March and we continue to see positive impact from the overarching campaign and consumer interest as well. Specifically, in Q2, we saw 23% year-over-year increase in unique visitors to our website and achieved significant growth year over year in doctor locator searches. We also saw continued uptick in adult male patients as compared to females as a result of our changing consumer targeting approach. In EMEA, early results show the Invisalign Made to Move campaign is resulting in higher engagement with consumers across digital display, PPC and social channels. During the quarter, we piloted new social media formats that delivered exceptional results, Pinterest, Facebook Canvas and Instagram, all outperforming benchmarks. Social media remains a key driver delivering 200% more users. Although we also saw a significant increase in the number of smile assessment completions, plus 22%, and total leads, plus 30%, and we'll continue to roll out the Made to Move campaign across the remaining countries in EMEA in Q3. In the Asia Pacific region, our Q2 customer marketing campaign is focused primarily on Australia and New Zealand where we saw momentum from our Summer Campaign featuring Invisalign Ambassador, John (sic) Jason Dundas, a well-known TV host and personality in Australia. The campaign shares Jason's personal journey of how Invisalign treatment helped transform his smile and his career along with a call to action for consumers focused on their New Year's resolution to improve their lives by getting the smile they've always wanted. We also continued driving Invisalign website doctor locator visits by reaching out to potential patients who engaged with our ads and banners in Q1. And in India, where we're just getting started, we participated in Beach Fashion Week, where the Invisalign brand was their Beautiful Smile Partner. In Q2, our scanner revenues increased 36.7% year over year and 26.9% sequentially. In May, we announced the new iTero Element 1.5 software upgrade, which includes two key features, TimeLapse and 1 minute scans. TimeLapse compares a patient's prior 3D scans to their most current scan and gives doctors an enhanced visualization assessment and communications tool that can help them provide additional treatment recommendations. 1 minute scans enable practitioners to complete a full arc scan in less than a minute, with the same accuracy and reliability practitioners have come to expect from iTero scanners. The use of our iTero scanners for Invisalign case submissions in place of PVS impressions continues to expand, remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. In Q2, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in North America increased to a record 59%, up from 47% in Q2 of last year. In the doctor-directed, at home channel, Q2 was our second full quarter supplying clear aligners to SmileDirectClub or SDC. Q2 shipments to this new channel was strong and nearly tripled sequentially off a small base. As their exclusive third-party supplier, we produced roughly one-third of SmileDirectClub's clear aligner volume and they manufacture the remaining amount. In Q2, SDC continued to invest significantly in consumer marketing, including TV advertising, print, online media, including social media, which we believe has a positive effect on both SDC and Invisalign demand. We also opened several new SmileShops in the U.S., which are continuing to ramp. Overall, we're excited about the long-term potential for the at home, doctor-directed market; remain pleased with our investment and supply agreement. Today, we also announced that we have purchased an additional 2% of SmileDirectClub for $12.8 million, which brings our total ownership to 19%. We've extended SDC's line of credit from $15 million to $30 million. Finally, before I turn the call over to John, I want to provide a brief update on our operational expansion plans. In June, we opened a new treatment planning facility in Chengdu, China which services and supports our customers within China. It also serves as a clinical education and training center for all of our customers across Asia Pacific. We have been steadily migrating Chinese Invisalign cases to Chengdu and are continuing to train new technicians and improved lead times. We'll also open a treatment planning facility to support our EMEA customers in Cologne, Germany in Q3. With that, I'll turn it over to John.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Joe. Now for our Q2 financial results. Total company revenue for the second quarter was a record $356.5 million, up 14.9% from the prior quarter and up 32.3% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Clear aligner revenue of $321 million was up 13.7% sequentially, driven primarily by better than expected Invisalign shipments and higher Invisalign ASPs. Year over year clear aligner revenue growth, up 31.9%, reflected strong Invisalign shipment growth across all customer channels and geographies and increased prices. This was partially offset by product mix shift to non-comprehensive products, primarily driven by increased sales of SDC clear aligners, higher discounts and unfavorable foreign exchange rates. Q2 Invisalign ASPs were up sequentially approximately $15 from Q1 to $1,285 reflecting price increases and favorable foreign exchange, partially offset by increased promotional discounts. On a year-over-year basis, Q2 Invisalign ASPs were flat, reflecting price increases, offset by increased promotional discounts and unfavorable foreign exchange. For the second quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 231.9 thousand cases were up 11.5% sequentially, driven primarily by our international doctors and North American orthodontists. Year-over-year Invisalign case volume growth was up 31%, driven by growth across all regions as well as expansion of our customer base, primarily from Asia Pacific. For North American orthodontists, Q2 Invisalign case volume was up 10.5% sequentially and up 34.5% year over year. For North American GP dentists, Invisalign case volume was up 9.9% sequentially and up 18.9% year over year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 13.6% sequentially and up 37.4% year over year. Our Scanner & Services revenue for the second quarter was $35.4 million, up 26.9% sequentially and up 36.7% year-over-year. Moving onto gross margin, second quarter overall gross margin was 76%, up 0.1 point sequentially and down 0.2 points year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the second quarter was 78.1%, up 0.2 point sequentially, primarily due to leveraging our manufacturing costs over higher volumes. Clear aligner gross margins were down 0.5 points year-over-year, primarily due to lower ASPs. Scanner gross margin for the second quarter was 56.7%, up 0.6 points sequentially, primarily due to lower services cost on our installed base and partially offset by lower ASPs. Scanner segment gross margin was up 3.1 points year-over-year, primarily a result of lower service costs and product mix shift to our lower cost iTero Element scanner. Q2 operating expenses were $187.3 million, up sequentially by $13.4 million or 7.7%, primarily related to increased employee head count, marketing programs, including our advertising campaigns, key customer events and international commercialization efforts. On a year-over-year basis, Q2 operating expenses were up 33.7%, reflecting increased head count and continued investment in our go-to-market activities critical to the growth of the business. Our second quarter operating margin was 23.4%, up 3.5 point sequentially and down 0.8 points year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating margin relates primarily to increased clear aligner volumes. On a year-over-year basis, the decrease in operating margin primarily reflects higher operating expenses, as we invest in head count, geographic expansion and new products in order to increase adoption and accelerate the growth of our business. With regards to our second quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 17.7%, which includes $1.1 million in excess tax benefit and is down by approximately 5.5 points compared to prior year, primarily due to a favorable resolution of foreign jurisdiction unrecognized tax benefits during the quarter. We supply aligners to SmileDirectClub, and, therefore, revenue and cost for this activity are included in our operating profit and reporting results, although they were immaterial to the company this quarter. Additionally, we report our share of SmileDirectClub's losses below operating margin and our tax provision, and is entitled Equity and Losses of Investee, net of tax. Our Q2 loss, net of tax was approximately $2.2 million or $0.03 per diluted share. Second quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.85, flat compared to Q1 and up 37% compared to prior year. Moving onto the balance sheet, as of the second quarter cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities, including both short and long-term investments, were $676.6 million. This compared to $644.2 million at the end of Q1, an increase of approximately $32.4 million, primarily related to net income growth and our collections efforts. Of our $676.6 million of cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities, $218.4 million was held by the U.S. and $458.2 million was held by international entities. Q2 accounts receivable balance was $291.7 million, up approximately 9.2% sequentially. Our overall DSO was 74 days, down three days sequentially and up 10 days year-over-year. The year-over-year increase is a result of our ERP and other related systems implementation last July, which have impacted our timing of our customer collections. As we work through these changes, we anticipate that our DSOs will continue to decline over the next few quarters. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $110.5 million, up $34.3 million compared to prior year. Free cash flow for the second quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $92 million. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were $18.5 million, primarily relating to building improvements, equipment purchases for additional manufacturing capacity, as well as our global expansion efforts. During the second quarter, we paid $50 million under an accelerated stock repurchase plan, ASR, in which we received an initial delivery of approximately 300,000 shares of common stock. The final number of shares repurchased will be determined at the completion of the ASR, based on Align's volume-weighted average stock price during the term of the ASR, less an agreed upon discount. Their remains approximately $250 million available for repurchases under the existing stock repurchase authorization. And as Joe mentioned earlier, we have purchased an additional 2% of SmileDirectClub for $12.8 million, which brings our total ownership to 19%. And we extended SDCs line of credit from $15 million to $30 million. All other terms remain the same. With that, let's turn to our Q3 outlook and the factors that inform our view, starting with the demand outlook. For our international markets, expect Invisalign volume to be up sequentially which reflects continued strong growth in APAC, partially offset by summer holidays in EMEA. For North America, expect Invisalign volume to be flat to slightly down sequentially reflecting stronger teen volume for orthos, offset by GP dentists who typically have less days in the office and lighter patient traffic during the summer. For our scanner business, we expect revenues to be up sequentially. With this as a backdrop, we expect the third quarter to shape up as follows. Invisalign case volume is expected to be in the range of 231,000 to 234,000 cases, up approximately 30% to 32% over the same period a year ago, reflecting continued strong demand, including summer seasonality in North America, ortho, and Asia Pacific. We expect Q3 net revenues to be in the range of $355 million to $360 million, an increase of 27% to 29% year-over-year. We expect Q3 gross margins to be in the range of 74.7% to 75.7%, reflecting higher ASPs, partially offset by higher expenses as we globalize our treatment planning operations. We expect Q3 operating expenses to be in the range of $184.5 million to $187.5 million, relatively flat on a sequential basis. Q3 operating margin should be in the range of 22.7% to 23.6%. Our effective tax rate, including an excess tax benefit of about $1 million, should be approximately 21%. We expect a $2 million loss related to our share of SmileDirectClub and diluted shares outstanding should be approximately 81.8 million, exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q3 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.78 to $0.81. In addition, as we continue to operationalize expansion efforts, we expect CapEx for Q3 to be approximately $70 million to $75 million, which includes purchasing a new facility in Costa Rica for $26.1 million. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, John. Overall, we're pleased to see the first half of the year off to such a strong start. Many of you already recently think of a question about us being at a tipping point and I'm sure we'll get that question following today's call. Frankly, we think it's too early to tell. The growth we're seeing in our business is better than we expected and reflects progress in several areas, including clinical efficacy, sales coverage and support models, customer engagement and demand generation and patient capture. We believe it also reflects a healthy underlying market with solid patient traffic and a significant increase in direct to consumer programs by us and others. There's still a lot of work ahead as we move toward our goal of replacing metal braces and making Invisalign the standard-of-care in orthodontics. We know there will be challenges and we aren't drawing a straight line up and to the right at this point. But we're confident in our ability to drive this industry forward and transform it from an outdated analog process to a fully digital system. Thanks for your time today and we look forward to your questions.
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for the questions. Joe, the teen growth for the past couple of quarters now  the acceleration has been noticeably pretty steep, understanding that it's obviously not one factor that's driving this acceleration. Is there any couple areas that you would point to specifically, anything that you could just help us get our head around what you think is most resonating with practitioners in the marketplace?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Bob, from a teen's standpoint, overall, I'll just focus on North America for a second. We mentioned last year when we put our plan together that we would have a strong focus on teens as we go into the second quarter this year, because this is the teen season for North America. What we started that program off with is we had several programs in North America just to get doctors ready for this program overall, next-level partnership, a program we call IMOP (23:50), some specific things that really focused on teen to get that base ready. And then we started to really unleash the communications part of this, the $14 million or so that we're moving in consumer advertising to do that. So I think when you look at the first half and those two kind of simultaneous actions, that's been really one of the biggest underlying drivers in North America to make that really go. That along with our ad campaigns and everything else we've put in place that are much more specific these days in the sense of how we go to market. You see how we're working both at teens channels and the moms channels from a marketing standpoint also. It's just a much cleaner, more specific approach to teens that includes a real sales effort with our doctors and a real strong customer patient facing piece with moms and teens.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: No, I appreciate all that. And I guess just shifting over, I had a question on North American GPs. I know the focus just has been on orthos and rightfully so, but noticed that the North American GPs saw a significant step-up from the level of growth you had been seeing. Anything that you would talk to there specifically that you think would attribute to the step-up in growth we saw in the quarter?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. I'd say two major variables, Bob. One would be just media spend. We've had a significant increase in media spend itself and we have seen a strong correlation between media spend in the U.S. and the GP increase. And then secondly, like our Lite product that we introduced in the second quarter with the GP segment, we're more and more targeting that segment with easier products that are more simple for them to deliver to the marketplace. So I'd say media spend in some specific products have really helped in that sense.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Makes sense. Thanks for the questions.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Okay, Bob. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Hi, Brandon.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hi, Brandon.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Joe, on SmileDirectClub, could you give us the sense of how much the manufacturing volume you did for them in the first quarter? And I'm just curious like why the additional equity investment couldn't have been larger and if that was even an option for you guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, you know what, we mentioned in my briefing that we're doing one-third of their cases right now. It's still not material in that sense, Brandon. We just wanted to give you just an idea of where we stand overall. They do still two-thirds of their volume. As far as the percent equity, it was just an opportunity we have. We work closely with David and his team at SDC. And that equity was available. We're pleased with the relationship and we thought that was just a great next step for us in that sense.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: And then on teen, I'm curious if the second quarter was materially ahead of where you thought it would be in terms of volumes? And then would it be reasonable to expect a further acceleration in the teen growth rate in the third quarter given that the ad campaign didn't really start until mid-2Q?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. I'll take that one, Brandon. This is John. What we saw with teens that helped us contribute to some of the upside that we saw in the second quarter for some of the volume and it's part of the overall campaign that we have where we're spending additional this year. And our guidance in Q3 reflects all those factors into our numbers.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. And then the $14 million for the ad campaign, was that all absorbed in 2Q or is there some that rolls into the third quarter as well?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: That's throughout the year. I mean primarily where a lot of that hits in the second quarter and third quarter, but there is additional spend throughout the year.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Got you. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Brandon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hi, John.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey. Another just quick follow-up on SmileDirect. When you did that deal, I think, you said that when income in case volume came in, if the case was too complicated, it would sort of get pushed into Invisalign. Is that the case? And if so, what have you learned? And what sort of percentage of case volume ends up driving into Invisalign?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: We haven't had  John, it's Joe. We haven't had terrific conversion rates in that sense, but we've learned a lot and we tweak that model all the time is the patient to SmileDirectClub service, they have a certain price point in mind. They usually have a simple kind of an approach that they want in the sense of correcting their smile. And they need to be dealt with really quickly. In other words, when those patients are interested, moving them into an orthodontist in this case or a GP that wants to do that, it has to be done quickly and concisely, because these patients are  they're just different than the normal patients that we work with. So we keep honing that model. We've had some success and we keep building on it, but we think in the future, as we put this thing together, we'll have a much better yield.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And, Joe, I think, you said you're just getting started on India. Can you talk a little bit more about that market, maybe try to size it for us and just kind of lay out what sort of strategy you're thinking about to ramp it over time?
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Oh, India. You said, India, John?
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah, India.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: India. That's India. I'll go back to India again this year. I was just there last year. What we do when we go into a country like that, John, is you really do this by city. You go in a city and you recruit doctors and you just begin to ramp up in those specific cities. You find great doctors in the sense of peer-to-peer being able to  one doctor teach another. And so, you look at this as almost the city-by-city effort in India. We'll take obviously the biggest and the most prosperous cities first and we work out from there. We're really in our second year of this in a big way. We're reaching our goals. The businesses has been growing pretty rapidly in that sense and this is a model we really follow all over the world. It's just when you get to India, you just have to make sure that you approach it in an Indian way. And here is an example what's an Indian way is. They often don't want to buy our scanners. So what we have is a scanner that's up in a few of them in a city on a truck, just they rent and we move them in almost daily into different offices. They line up patients to do scans. And so we just acclimatize, to use that word to the marketplace, and keep working that. So we're excited about it and we feel very confident of our long-term trend there.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks much.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Krasner - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. This is Adam Krasner on for Erin. I just wanted to touch on the strength in doctors trained in the quarter. I'm trying to get a sense of what the typical ramp is for new doctors who were added to get up towards the average level of productivity?
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Average ramp of a new doctor? Is that...
Adam Krasner - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Right. Like that probably didn't contribute very much to the record shipments in the quarter, the fact that you added so many new doctors or did it?
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: So, where we're having a lot of expansion opportunities, obviously, outside (30:54) or adding new doctors. So you're seeing a lot of the growth outside the U.S. being driven by adding new doctors. In the U.S. and in particular in both our ortho and GP channels, you're seeing growth by utilization predominantly, but we saw both as a driver in the GP channel.
Adam Krasner - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks. And do you have a sense of  I'm looking at the statistic in the press release of 123,000 doctors trained worldwide. Is there a sense for what the total size of that market is to get a flavor of kind of how far the penetration is as of now?
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. So, when you look at the total size of the number of orthodontists and general dentists  and we can follow-up with you if you want more details  in the U.S., there is roughly 140,000, 150,000 GPs and orthodontists, roughly 10,000. Outside the U.S., the market is substantially larger. In Europe, there's probably 300,000. In Asia Pacific, there's probably twice that. So very, very  yes, it's huge. It's four or five times up. So  and we're happy to provide more stats for you offline.
Adam Krasner - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good afternoon, Joe and John. Incredible results.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hi, Steve.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So as you've been doing work and just talking to more practitioners, we're getting even greater appreciation for the SmartTrack aligner material. And, I guess, the disclosure back in May that you got the two patents issued, just curious to get more color around the patent protection on that material. If you think it is a critical part of the overall picture. I mean the biggest thing is  these seem to be the primary patents to protect that material, just want to confirm that. And then one was filed in 2012, the other one in 2016. But really, I guess, what I care about more than anything else is that what's the expiration dates? How long will you get protection on these materials? Is it 20 years from the date of filing or 20 years from date of issuance? I just forgot the details around that. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Steve, it's Joe. Data filing is 20 years. There's some multi-layer material. Yeah. We do have patent protection on it now. The vendor that we use on it has a certain amount of restrictions in the sense of dentistry and where it can be used, but also has patents on process and all and how this is put together, not an easy material to doing that way. So yeah, I mean, just look at it as from data filing and all, we have a significant number of years that SmartTrack continue to be an Invisalign material.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, on the simple math, you should be good until about 2032 or so. Is that about right?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. We'll both be on a beach by then, so.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Just wanted to confirm that. Thanks.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hi, Jon.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Hey, guys. Joe, you'll be on the beach then. I still think I'll be at this desk right here. But maybe just some thoughts on 2017 and maybe I missed that, John, from your commentary or even the slides. But I think last quarter you talked about the high end of the 15% to 25% revenue growth and op margin in around 23%. Are there revisions to either of those numbers that you gave last call for 2017?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: What we've guided to Q3  and you could see that from overall guidance standpoint. So, that's the update, Jon, that we have after we've seen Q2. And then from there, you can probably do the math to kind of get that overall from a year standpoint, but at least for the Q3 guide we feel comfortable with what we're seeing so far and that's what we ended up forecasting.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. I mean I got it from a math perspective. I guess just to push you a little bit notably on the revenue. You blow out two or three  I'm sorry, you blow out 2Q. You guide 3Q ahead. Obviously you just keep it 25% for the year and would imply a bigger step down for 4Q, but, I guess, you're just sort of saying go with what you guys gave last quarter. There is no official change to those numbers.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: That's exactly what you're hearing, Jon.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Fair enough.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: You said it better than we wanted to. That was really good.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: All right. And then just any thoughts on the ASP? John, if you can remind us  I believe you took price in the U.S. earlier in the year. Did you take price internationally more recently? And then the euro for the first time in several quarters sort of flipping, should be a tailwind. So maybe when you think out on the Invisalign ASP in the back half of 2017, is there any direction you can give us there? Thanks, guys.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. You're right, Jon. In North America, we took price increase in April. And in EMEA it came in July. So the price increases have happened. And, as we look at what's happening for the next quarter, we're pretty much expecting price to be flat to this quarter. So we have price increases. We also have other pressures and FX unfavorability as well, but you net all that out and third quarter we expect ASP to be flat.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Jon. Joe again, on your question on third quarter, fourth quarter. I think the best way to take what we're saying is we're not calling a step-down in the fourth quarter. We're just doing and giving you a good clarity on what the third quarter is. That's what we have clarity on now. And...
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Understood.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Okay.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. Good afternoon.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Just on the ASPs, Jon's question just reminded me, he was asking about euro flipping and then maybe getting a little benefit over the next few quarters. John, as we get into 2018, are we inching closer at all to any release of those additional aligner reserves where that could theoretically start to help ASPs at all? Or is it still too early for thinking about any ASP benefit from those kind of factors?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Jeff, it's too early. I mean it's part of our overall plan, where we have that premium price product that has the additional aligners and that's built into the plans that we have and the pricing that we have. So, there's no extra reserve coming back related to that. It's just part of our overall plan from a strategic standpoint, as well as what we're thinking from an ASP standpoint.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Fair enough. And, Joe, I found your comments interesting at the very end of the call, just maybe a note of caution. And, obviously, I know as the numbers go up, so to do expectations, and so I guess trying to keep everybody kind of a little level headed here. But I think in the past calls, you've also talked about your confidence in clear aligners eventually replacing brackets and bands and why would you want metal on your teeth and things like that, and you had a slightly different message this evening. Is there anything looming over the next few quarters that has you maybe a little worried or you just want to make sure we all kind of account for tight rate in our models, anything like that?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: No, I'm not trying to give you any kind of warning or anything like that, Jeff. I have all the confidence in the world, like I said in my final comments, that we'll complete this mission of eliminating wires and brackets with a digital system, with plastic. I think, I get questions all the time as you can guess when you see these kind of growth rates about the tip  that we're at a tipping point in this business. I think we all know about the whole term tipping point, and what it would mean. And all I was trying to get across is I don't think you can take two quarters and draw a line towards the tipping point, but don't mistake in anything at all that there is something that we see that would in some way shake our confidence in what we think we can do.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. Fair enough. I appreciate it, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Okay, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Newitter of Leerink Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Ravi Misra - Leerink Partners LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. This is actually Ravi in for Rich. Thanks for taking the questions. So just a couple if I can start just with the scanner business. You guided, I think, I heard up sequentially 3Q. Can you give us a little bit of a color in terms of what kind of penetration into your adoption base are you seeing here? I mean if we use a proxy of about 34,000 doctors that you shipped Invisalign product to last year, can you help us kind of understand what the runway here is for additional docs picking up this product? And then, secondly, just going to take a stab at the SDC volume. I'm guessing it may be about 2,000 cases in the quarter. Any direction on that? Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Ravi, on the scanner penetration, you have to look at it as almost two separate markets, the orthodontic market and the GP market. I'm not sure exactly how far penetrated we are in the orthodontic side, but, let's say, what you have to look at is often when a doctor starts to do more and more Invisalign they want an iTero scanner per chair. And so you really can't look at it as a unit per doctor in that sense. You've got to look at it as a unit in the sense of number of chairs in that office. And so I'd say, obviously, we have a higher penetration rate right now on the ortho side than we do on the GP side, what's like Shirley quoted a moment ago at 150,000 GPs in the United States. We haven't really even begun in that sense. And that type of scanner has a good balance between Invisalign and being able to do restorative applications too. So if you're worried about kind of a max out on penetration that's not necessarily in the way that we're thinking certainly on a yearly basis. On the SDC volume piece, I don't think we've given out that data and I don't think we necessarily want to do that both for our sakes and SDC's too.
Ravi Misra - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. And then if I can just get one more on just OpEx and investments. Some of the calls that we've spoken to is that dentists are pretty favorable on maybe shifting more of their cases towards Invisalign. Can you just talk a little bit about kind of the TFM, how that's kind of playing out as you brought it to the U.S. and whether you feel like you need to expand and doing more investments to support further conversion of these cases to Invisalign? Thanks?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Ravi, first, I think your question is a great question. It's just from a penetration standpoint how do you drive more of it, and what you do. TFM is one of it. I mean, we've really rolled that out strongly in North America this year. Our numbers are tremendous in the sense of when you have a customer who wants to dedicate time to really learn. So again think of TFM as kind of the learning curve, as you have primarily an analog process and your whole office is worked around gluing wires and brackets and adjusting emergencies to people's teeth and what's it look like when you go do more of a digital format. And at the front end of the digital system, how you work with ClinCheck. And these are doctors that come forward and say they want to devote 90 days, 120 days of just learning, spending time to learn how to really ramp up in a digital format and it works well. But it's self-selected in that case, because doctors come forward. They really want to do that and spend their time. I'd also say the other thing I've learned in this job over the last two years is how important peer-to-peer is from a growth standpoint. It is having really good strong doctors that can communicate to other doctors about how to use Invisalign. We see this not just in North America. We see it all over the world. It's critical. And we've ramped up new programs like IMOP (42:47) and some other things that just really helped in that sense, both across the orthodontic community and also across the GP community to do it. So those are the two big programs I'd say we use to address the question that you have about how you ramp-up doctors.
Ravi Misra - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Thanks. And if I could squeeze one last one in. Just given that the landscape in the dental industry you're out there right now and your cash balance, any type of color on what kind of acquisitions that you guys would be potentially interested in, beyond the  I appreciate that you've been kind of building out the OUS, kind of, sales base by some of those distributor purchases, but anything beyond that that we can kind of think about?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Ravi, I call than an IQ question, kind of, okay. And the way I'd answer that is we're in the clear aligner business and anything that help us to sell more clear aligners directly, it doesn't have to be explained, would be in our wind  our range. So, that's why we have a scanner business. We have a scanner business not from a diversification standpoint. We have a scanner business because it allows us to sell more clear aligners. And so, just you're not looking, I don't care how much cash we have. We're not looking to be a diversified dental company. We do clear aligners.
Ravi Misra - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks. Appreciate the questions.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Ravi. We've got one more question, operator?
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Zachary R. Wachter - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks. This is actually Zach Wachter on for Steve. Joe, hey, just one question on Invisalign Go. I'm wondering if you could just update us, Joe, on the ramp there and how we should think about the timing of Go given that the GP channel seems to be doing a bit better here. When should we think about Go making a more substantial impact?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I think, Zach, the best way to think about that is if we take a step back from this whole thing. Our approach to GP channel more and more is we make it easy and efficient. And Go is a product like that. It's a product where you can adapt quickly from a GP standpoint. It does simple cases. Most Gos are less than, I think, 15 aligners or so. We've adopted the protocols to make it simpler for doctors to do also. So, I would say, don't just take Go. You can look in the future. We'll have a series of more simple kind of products and systems that we'll introduce to GPs to get through. iGo is just the first one of those. That's not to down-sell iGo, but as we learn from iGo, we continue to iterate on that product line and make new and new offerings. But it's a big part of our GP strategy overall, is having the right product and the right kind of system that have feature that make it really simple for the GP docs.
Zachary R. Wachter - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got you. Okay. And just last one then. As far as the distributors that you acquired in EMEA and Brazil Go, was there any meaningful impact in the quarter from that?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: No material impact and you usually don't see material impact in that for 18 months or two years really, so.
Zachary R. Wachter - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Next year this time is a great time to ask that question, Zach.
Zachary R. Wachter - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. All right. Thanks for the question.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Zach.
Operator: There are no further questions over the audio portion of the conference. I would now like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thank you, everyone, for joining us on our conference call today. This concludes our formal remarks. If you have any questions, please reach out to the Investor Relations department. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc. Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc. John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.
Analysts: Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Richard S. Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Align Technology First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Shirley Stacy, VP of Corporate and Investor Communications. Thank you, Ms. Stacy. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued first quarter 2017 financial results today via Marketwired, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on May 11. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13658703 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook, and the expected financial results for the second quarter of 2017. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expresses no  assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We've posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our first quarter conference call slides on the website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights on the quarter, and then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments clear aligners and intraoral scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the second quarter, following that I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. 2017 is off to a great start with first quarter revenues, volumes, gross margin, and EPS all above expectations. First quarter net revenues were up 30% year-over-year, driven by strong Invisalign case shipments of 27% year-over-year to a record 38,900 doctors this quarter. These reflect the growth from both our North America and international regions and higher than expected teenage cases across the board, which increased 32% year-over-year. iTero's scanner revenues increased 47% year-over-year, and were down sequentially as expected. For Q1, North America Invisalign case volume was up 8.4% sequentially and 20.3% year-over-year, driven primarily by North American orthodontists, with GP Dentists showing improving growth trends. Continued strength in North American ortho channel reflects another record quarter for Invisalign utilization, up 12.6 cases per quarter, which includes substantially higher use by teenager patients, a positive indication for market share gains for metal braces. In Q1, we expand our adult-focused media buying to target both men and women with specific segment focus. This new buying target built on the historical strength we have had with adult females while also reaching adult males in a much more pointed way than ever before. We saw the results of this new media targeting come through in our sales as strength continued with adult females, and also significant growth with adult males choosing Invisalign treatment. During the quarter, we launched Invisalign Lite in North America, which was the first introduced in EMEA and includes up to 14 stages of aligners. We also begin titling Invisalign Go in North America in Q1 including with some of our dental service organizations, or DSOs. iGo for short is an aesthetic solution designed to empower general dentists to treat more patients. iGo creates a simplified approach that guides dentists through identifying, planning and treating aesthetic cases. On a year-over-year basis, shipment growth of 20.3% was driven by increased adoption of Invisalign by orthodontists and continued expansion of our GP customer base. We continue to make good progress with our DSOs, with Invisalign shipments up nearly 50% year-over-year in Q1, significantly higher than non-DSO practices. DSOs are leaders in adopting new technology and innovation in dental industry. They were the first to consolidate practices, automate, processes and drive greater efficiencies in order to scale their operations. The next phase in the DSO industry shift will be driven by the consumer and their preference for everything digital, which we have branded DSO 3.0 in our new marketing programs and collateral. Consumers today want digital experiences to provide them with more insight to the treatment and options and what steps to take in order to achieve a healthy lifestyle. By leveraging our technologies, iTero scanning, Invisalign treatment plans, progress tracking application, time-lapse features, our DSOs will be able to collect data on their active patients and tailor dentistry and orthodontics the way their patients want to consume it digitally. Working together with DSOs, we can help accelerate the industry shift the full digital practices much quicker and more effectively than with other companies. As part of our newly formed Americas region, in Q1, we completed the acquisition of our distributor in Brazil, which includes a small team of employees who'll be based in our So Paulo offices in Latin America. Brazil is estimated to have approximately 1.4 million new orthodontic case starts each year, and employs nearly 20% of the world's dentists. As the world's second largest market for cosmetic interventions, Brazil represents a tremendous growth potential for Align and this acquisition will help us establish our leadership position in Latin America and support our long-term growth strategy. Q1 Invisalign volume for international doctors was up 11.4% sequentially and up 41.3% year-over-year. The better than expected sequential increase was driven by growth in both the EMEA and APAC regions. In EMEA, Q1 volumes were up 38.8% year-over-year. We had a record quarter of growth across nearly all country markets as our TFM model continues gaining traction across the ortho channel with Spain, the U.K. and Germany leading the way. In Q1, we introduced Invisalign Teen with mandibular advancement in certain country markets in EMEA and launched Invisalign Go in the UK, France and Germany. We also completed the acquisition of our EMEA distributor, which includes opening our first office in the Middle East, which gives us direct access to customers and distribution partners across Russia, Commonwealth of Independent States, the Baltics, Turkey, Monaco, Israel, Cyprus, the Middle East and Africa. In Asia Pacific, Q1 volumes were up 45.2% year-over-year, led by China, Japan and Australia, New Zealand. In Q1, we launched Invisalign Teen with mandibular advancement in Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong and South Asia and more than 800 doctors attending the peer-to-peer launch event. We also held a South Asia forum with a record 200 doctors and participated in New Zealand's Association of Orthodontists forum. Finally in South Korea, we transferred all Invisalign practices currently managed by our network partner to a direct coverage model. This gives us 100% direct coverage of the Korean market, and will enable our team to continue developing the market for clear aligners and help accelerate growth and adoption in the Invisalign treatment. Turning to the teen market, for Q1, 49,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, up 11.3% sequentially and 31.6% year-over-year. North America ortho shipment growth was well above the three year average both sequentially and year-over-year. International case shipments of teenage patients increased both sequentially and year-over-year as well, with Q1 teen shipments representing about 30% of total teenage cases. In Q1, we introduced the first clear aligner solution for Class II correction in certain country markets in Canada, EMEA and APAC. Invisalign Teen with mandibular advancement combines the benefits of the most advanced clear aligner system in the world with features for moving the lower jaw forward while simultaneously aligning the teeth. This new solution offers a simpler, more efficient and patient-friendly treatment option than functional appliances and without the need for elastics typically use to treat teen Class II patients. It's not available in the U.S. yet. It's pending 510(k) approval from regulatory. In Q1, we're excited to launch our new global Made to Move campaign. This is the first time we've had an integrated campaign approach for consumer and professional audience across all regions. The multi-channel national consumer campaign will reach potential patients through TV and digital advertising, social media and PR programs. Launched first in North America, we'll begin to extend our Made to Move campaign in other key country markets beginning in May. While it's still very early, our new campaign is already driving over 40% higher engagement in digital media versus prior media, and followers across Invisalign's social channels were up 13% this quarter. We're also seeing the effectiveness of the new target audience in media planning. In Q2, we'll launch a significant push to drive consumer demand and conversion with moms and teenagers. We will dial up our investment in marketing to moms with a national multi-touch campaign under the Made to Move campaign umbrella. And in mid-May, we'll launch our national campaign marketing to teenagers. The national campaign will utilize key social media platforms such as Instagram and Snapchat and YouTube to raise awareness of clear aligners with custom programming for teens. In Q1, our scanner revenues increased 46.9% year-over-year and decreased 33% sequentially as expected. Given we worked through the backlog for iTero elements from the end of last year, these results are more reflective of a typical capital equipment buying cycle, which is softer in Q1. This past March, at the International Dental Show, IDS we call it, in Cologne. We had a greater presence and showcased iTero and Invisalign Go and the benefits of the combination with applications such as Invisalign Progress Tracking. We also previewed the time lapse application that provides dentists with the ability to compare scans over time to instantly visualize changes in patient's tooth wear movement and gingival recession. Overall, positive interest, as we continue to expand our presence among GPs in EMEA. Use of the iTero scanners for Invisalign case submissions in place of PVS impressions continues to expand and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q1, total Invisalign case submitted with a digital scanner in North America increased to a record 54.4%, up over 10 percentage points from the same quarter last year, which reflects an acceleration in case shipments with intraoral scanners, especially by North American orthodontists. Q1 was our first full quarter supplying clear aligners to SmileDirectClub, and shipments to this new channel were solid. At the beginning of the year, SmileDirectClub launched a consumer advertising campaign that has performed well and is extending the message of treatment with clear aligners versus braces. They've also doubled their network of SmileShops where potential patients can schedule a scan or have 3D impressions and photos taken. Overall, we remain excited about the long-term potential for the at-home doctor-directed market and working with SmileDirectClub to bring better smiles to more people. With that, I'll turn it over  the call to John.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Joe. Let's review our first quarter financial results. Total company revenue for the first quarter was a record $310.3 million, up 5.8% from the prior quarter and up 30% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Clear aligner revenue up $282.4 million was up 12.3% sequentially, driven primarily by better than expected Invisalign shipments and higher Invisalign ASPs. Year-over-year clear aligner revenue growth up 28.5% reflected strong Invisalign shipment growth across all customer channels and geographies, partially offset by foreign exchange rates. Q1 Invisalign ASPs were up sequentially approximately $40 from Q4 to $1,270, reflecting lower promotional activity. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 Invisalign ASPs were up approximately $15, primarily due to price increases, partially offset by increased promotional discounts, product shift to low stage products and foreign exchange. For the first quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 208,100 cases were up 9.5% sequentially, driven primarily by North American orthodontists and international doctors. Year-over-year Invisalign case growth volume was 27.1% driven by growth across all regions as well as expansion of our customer base predominantly from the Asia Pacific region. For North American orthodontists, Q1 Invisalign case volume was up 13.6% sequentially, and up 27.5% year-over-year. For North American GP dentists, Invisalign case volume was up 2% sequentially and up 11.4% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 11.4% sequentially and 41.3% year-over-year. Worldwide Invisalign utilization in Q1 was a record 5.4 cases per doctor, up from 4.9 in Q1 last year. North America ortho utilization was a record 12.6, up from 10.4 the prior year. North America GP utilization was 3.1, up slightly from 3.0 the prior year. And international utilization was 5.0, up from 4.7 in Q1 last year, reflecting continued expansion of our customer base in Asia Pacific. In Q1, we added 3,260 new Invisalign doctors worldwide, of which 980 were new North American doctors and 2,280 of which were new international doctors. This compared to 3,700 in Q4 and 2,480 total doctors trained in the same quarter last year. Our scanner and services revenue for the first quarter was $27.9 million, down 33% sequentially and up 46.9% year-over-year. Moving on to gross margin. First quarter overall gross margin was 75.9%, up 0.8 points sequentially and 0.2 points year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the first quarter was 77.9%, up 0.4 points sequentially, primarily due to leveraging our manufacturing costs over higher volumes, higher Invisalign ASPs and partially offset by increased aligners per case. Clear aligner gross margins were down 0.4 points year-over-year, primarily due to increased aligners per case, as we continue to treat more complex cases, partially offset by manufacturing efficiencies. Scanner gross margin for the first quarter was 56.1%, down 4.9 points sequentially primarily due to a slight increase in excess and obsolescence reserves and higher freight costs. Scanner segment gross margin was up 11.1 points year-over-year, primarily a result of higher ASPs and lower manufacturing and servicing costs of our iTero Element scanner relative to our previous scanner. Q1 operating expenses were $174 million, up sequentially by $22.1 million or 14.5% primarily related to increased employee head count, commissions associated with higher volumes and marketing spend as a result of our investments in geographic expansion, our new advertising campaign and the commercialization of new products. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 operating expenses were up 36.7%, reflecting the aforementioned investments. Our first quarter operating margin was 19.9%, down 3.4 points sequentially and 2.4 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating margin relates primarily due to increased head count and marketing expenses as we continue to grow our business. On a year-over-year basis, decreased operating margin primarily reflects the higher operating expenses as we invest in head count, geographic expansion and new products in order to increase the adoption and accelerate the growth of our business. With regards to the first quarter tax provision, our tax rate was minus 11.4%, which includes $21.3 million in excess tax benefits and is down by approximately 31.2 points compared to Q4 of 2016. In our first quarter of 2017, we adopted accounting standards update entitled improvements to employee share-based payment accounting. Under this new standard, excess tax benefits and efficiencies associated with employee share-based payments are no longer recognized as additional paid in capital on the balance sheet but instead recognized directly to income tax expense or benefit in the income statement for the reporting period in which they occur. We also supply aligners to SmileDirectClub and therefore, revenue and cost for this activity are included in our operating profit and reported results, although they were immaterial to the company this quarter. Additionally, we also report our share of SmileDirectClub's losses below operating margin and our tax provision and is entitled equity in losses of investee net of tax. This Q1 loss net of tax was approximately $1.1 million or $0.01 per diluted share. First quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.85 compared to $0.59 reported in Q4 and $0.50 reported in the same quarter last year. First quarter earnings per share included the benefit of $21.3 million or $0.26 per share from excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation in accordance with the new standard. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of the first quarter, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities including both short and long-term investments were $644.2 million. This compared to $700 million at the end of 2016, a decrease of approximately $56 million, primarily related to the purchase of our new headquarters building. Of the $644.2 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $222.7 million was held by the U.S. and $421.5 million was held by our international entities. Q1 accounts receivable balance was $267.1 million, up approximately 8% sequentially. Our overall DSO was 77 days, up one day sequentially and up 10 days year-over-year. The increase is a result of our ERP and other related systems implementation last July, which have impacted the timing of our customer collections. We anticipate that our DSOs will remain above our historical average for several more quarters as we work through these changes. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $47.6 million. During the quarter, we used $36.5 million to pay employee taxes for the net settlement of vesting employee stock awards that otherwise would have been issued. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $59.6 million, primarily related to the purchase of our new facilities in San Jose, California, as well as equipment purchases for additional manufacturing capacity and building improvement. During the first quarter, we've repurchased approximately 40,000 shares of stock or $3.8 million, which completes the April 2014 repurchase plan. We have $300 million available for repurchase under the 2016 repurchase program that was announced on April 28, 2016. With that, let's turn to our business outlook and the factors that inform our view, starting with the demand outlook. For our international markets, expect seasonally higher period for APAC and EMEA. For North America, seasonally up for orthos and GP dentists. For our scanner business, Q2 equipment purchases are seasonally higher. With this as a backdrop, we expect the second quarter to shape up as follows: Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 221,000 to 224,000 cases, up approximately 25% to 27% over the same period a year ago, reflecting continued strong demand across all channels and regions. We expect Q2 net revenues to be in the range of $340 million to $345 million, an increase of 26% to 28% year-over-year. We expect Q2 gross margins to be in the range of 74% to 75%, reflecting a higher mix of iTero business and Align manufacturing expansion in Asia Pacific. We expect Q2 operating expenses to be in the range of $180 million to $184 million, up quarter-over-quarter primarily due to increased head count, increased marketing expenses related to our new Invisalign brand and teen campaigns. Q2 operating margin should be in the range of 21% to 22%. Our effective tax rate included a windfall benefit of $2 million to $3 million should be approximately 21%. We estimate that Q2 impact of the SmileDirectClub transaction to not significantly impact EPS and diluted shares outstanding should be approximately 81.6 million, exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q2 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.71 to $0.74, which includes approximately $0.03 of excess tax benefits. In addition, as we continue our operational expansion efforts, we expect CapEx for Q2 to be approximately $30 million to $35 million. Now, let me turn to our view of 2017. Given the stronger than expected results we've seen to-date, we now anticipate 2017 total revenue to be at the high-end of our long-term operating model range of 15% to 25%. We also expect Invisalign revenue and volume growth to be at the high-end of that model. Notwithstanding continued investments in our strategic growth drivers, we remain comfortable with the operating margin for the full year to be flat to slightly up from 2016 operating margin of 23%. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, John. In closing, I'm pleased with our continued process and execution of our strategic growth drivers. The dental industry remains healthy and our customers continue to report solid patient traffic in their offices. I just returned from the AAO meeting in San Diego this week and was excited to see the level of activity in our booth and the interest level in our products, especially for teenagers as we kickoff the summer teen season with our new teen-focused campaign. We had 2,000 doctors and their staff visited our booth and 300 attendees participated in our iTero, Iron Records scanning challenge, where an iTero scan was completed in under one minute for the first time in competition. We will be in Dubai in May hosting our EMEA summit with over 400 customers attending the two day peer-to-peer event. We've got a lot going on in Q2 and I look forward to sharing more with you at the upcoming financial conference and meetings. I'll now open the call to questions. Operator?
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first person comes from the line of Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks so much. I guess, just looking at the significant step up in case growth per ortho in North America. And in particular, Joe, you highlighted a couple times on the call that the impressive teen growth, which accelerated materially. I'm curious you had a few initiatives at play in the quarter. Anything you can share on how much of the teen growth specifically within ortho North America was because of things like the teen challenge versus some of the more tactical changes you had within the sales force. And I'm thinking about doc locator and things of that nature.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Bob, it's a good question. (26:05) going into quarter two is unfortunately, we don't do single variable equations around here. We have a number of things we've done with teens. And again, we'll make it more complicated as we get into more intense advertising in the second quarter. But you mentioned teen challenge, we think certainly had an impact in this sense, I think, some of the changes we've made on Doc Locator in a sense of the specificity of the patient directed into accounts, is part of that also. Also our next level partnership parts with customers, which basically takes customers to another level depending upon the share of business that we're going to see or the accelerated growth level that it can provide to us. Remember, Bob, when you go back about 75% of the normal orthodontic cases in the United States are teen-based. So if you want to do more Invisalign, it's going to be hard to just dip into adults if you really want to increase in that sense and you have to look at your teen business too. So I'd say those three major valuables is what really we drove from a North American standpoint for teen growth in the first quarter.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And so no one stood out more than other?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: No.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then I guess...
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Couldn't separate it.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then, I guess just my follow-up on the early recently launched products that you mentioned like Invisalign Lite, Invisalign Go, mandibular advancement. Given those are still relatively new within the case numbers that you're sharing, how should we think about these products helping accelerate or play into case growth as we move throughout the year?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I can't give you  John can help you on the dimensions of it. But I'd say when you talk about the mandibular advancement, which is a completely different animal than the  like the 15 stage we have for Lite. The Lite product fits really well when you think about E5, E10 and now E15. Customers can understand it they can integrate it. We saw really rapid uptake with that product line. When you come up with new products in this business like mandibular advancement, the infusion rate into the marketplace is slow. You really  you have dentists and orthodontists who want to try the product, they want to see how it works. They're just cautious on the front-end until they gain confidence with it. So I mean, mandibular advancement, remember we don't have a 5 and 10-K in the United States yet. We have to  that will occur later this year. We hope so. But we'll launch it directly around the world. That product is truly a breakthrough. We have to work hard from a peer-to-peer standpoint to help to promote it, whatever. But it gives us more credibility again in that teen market than we had before. But I wouldn't look at significant  I wouldn't look at material numbers from mandibular advancement in 2017 in any way, it will be how fast we can infuse that product in the marketplace.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you so much.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Bob
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Well, good afternoon. So I've never been someone who congratulated a company on a great quarter, and I'm not going to do that here, but even it was a great quarter. But I'm good going to be the first to congratulate you on joining the $10 billion market cap club here in the aftermarket.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Steve. That's great.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So, hopefully I was first in the queue on that one. Just a couple for me. I mean I completely agree, of course, with Bob that even when you look at the quarter, you have to take a step back and say, wow, this is the fastest growth I've seen in  certainly in my model, it's fairly remarkable to step up. Teen really jumps out. I wonder if you could sort of hypothesize for me about how important the one week aligner change that was specifically, I know you called it out briefly. But could you just dive a little bit deeper there? And could you give us a sense for  specifically in the U.S., because a lot of investors really like to focus on this point. Just how much faster teen growth was relative to the 2016 trend? You mentioned it was faster, but can you give us any more granularity there?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I'll take the first one. I give John the second one on this one, Steve. On our growth trial on one week wear piece again, it's hard to pull that signal out from the volume noise, I'd call it. But what we see is, we're seeing rapid uptake by our orthodontists and GPs on moving to seven day kind of aligner wear. We're also getting good feedback in a sense that helps them in a close cycle with patients to know that those particular episodes are going to last some time  half the time of when another one was. So it becomes another item in that discussion that's really helpful. So it's certainly helping us, again, but I can't quantify to the extent of what it is. As far as the U.S. and the faster piece that you mentioned before, John will do it, Steve.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Steve, with your question, specifically on teen growth in the U.S.? Or was...
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Exactly.
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, teen growth, we have an overall growth model built in. This is definitely faster than we had built in initially and that's what led to some of our offside that we saw in the first quarter. So teen was definitely stronger than we would've modeled out so far this year.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. And I think  just adding to what John said, Steve, the comment that we made about teen  North American ortho teen growth being faster than the last three year average. That gives you a couple of things to look at.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then as I was at the Align booth at IDS, I thought  look, the message that I'm getting here from the team is very clearly that this just almost isn't an orthodontics company anymore. This is a company that wants to  and has now taken a big step towards becoming a bigger part of the doc office is sort of consumer brand. And I understand that your ambitions are to become a true consumer power, maybe the Nike of oral healthcare. Joe, it'd be really helpful now that you've seen some of the progress with these initiatives. And some of the progress with SDC for that matter, if you could just sort of refresh us on your thinking on the path there and how this plays into your thinking about the 15 to 25 range with the business really sitting at the high-end? Thanks so much.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Steve, first of all, I mean you saw our presence at IDS. We had a strong present at AAO in San Diego. But I hear your comments like that, one thing I want to make sure is that we're not looking at ourselves as a general dentistry company. We do clear aligner systems and we do scanners and we don't have the kind of penetration into marketplace we think we should have here and anywhere in the world. And so we'll stay focused on those items. So I don't want anyone to think that we're trying to broaden our wings to become more of a general dentistry company. It's not what  it's kind of in the cards. I think, what you  when you  Steve, when you look at the Google searches that have really rocketed for clear aligners over the last quarter or so, some heavy investing by SDC and also having invested by us, it's generating a lot of interest from a consumer standpoint in the marketplace. More and more, we know we have a strong consumer brand and we'll reach out the consumers who try to drive that. But again, I want to emphasize, we're a doctor-directed kind of a product line. We work through our docs to get these things done and we do want to establish a strong brand identity with consumers as they turn into patients. At the same time, we don't have a direct-to-consumer kind of model that we're pushing at the moment. We got to exercise through SDC and our supply for those kinds of things. I hope  does that help, Steve? Does that make sense to you?
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: It's loud and clear. Thanks, Joe.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Newitter of Leerink Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Richard S. Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. And I will congratulate on a quarter because it really was.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Rich.
Richard S. Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: The first question I just had on SmileDirectClub, in the past, we've heard some discussion from orthodontists little nervous what this might mean for their practice. I'm just wondering, can you update us on where the conversations have been at the respective conferences you've attended so far? Clearly, some of the initiatives you have in place from a advertising standpoint, they must be drawing in new patients. So I'm assuming orthodontists are getting comfortable that it's not going to cannibalize their business. But any update there? And then I have a follow-up.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah, Rich, I'd say, we announced July last year the SDC relationship that we have. This caused a lot of turmoil in the industry in a sense of what we did and why we did. We continue to explain to our customer base in the sense of a logic behind that. Their business continues to expand and the market continues to expand. So I think there  I can't tell you that this will ever go away. There's still I would quantify is a large amount of anxiety in the marketplace. I don't think that will change. What I do find though, Rich, is that customers that do a significant amount in Invisalign and have a good relationship with Align tend to understand this more or accept it more. Once it happens and once its stay more in the metals and brackets, I think it'd been more voice for us or more concern than some of our  now that's empirical. I can't give you any statistics specifically on our customer based on that. But it's what I feel. But I  overall, I think as time goes on and the orthodontic market continues to expand as well as the consumer market continues to expand, and the  I think it generates, as we said before, huge amount of business goes for the GPs and the orthos that use Invisalign and we'll continue to recycle patients that don't fit the protocols that SDC has into the current customer base that we have. So I just say we have to keep working it, Rich. If we're not out of the woods in the sense of discomfort of our customers. But we'll keep driving the same message, we'll keep bringing business into those accounts, to help those accounts grow and hopefully they'll reach a high comfort level over time.
Richard S. Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one follow-up. On the distributor acquisitions you're doing internationally. Wondering if you could just quantify the contribution that you saw in the quarter and what we should think going forward? And also, are there additional ones we should expect in future quarters aside from the ones you executed in 1Q and if you could talk to the gross margin impact as well?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah, I'll take that one, Rich, this is John. The impact is very, very small when we get closed those deals in the first quarter, so there's really not much of a material effect that we saw. But it is in line with our overall strategy where we want to be able to have our own sales team, go to  work in those markets and try to grow faster. So it continues and it's part of our strategy, but there really is a really small factor to start in the first quarter. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Steven Valiquette of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks and good afternoon. I'll also congratulate you guys on a pretty strong results.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So the average selling price numbers look pretty solid and probably reflects at least  the other price increase you took several months ago. But just on pricing in the market, and we did notice that ClearCorrect announced the shift in their pricing at AAO over the weekend where now practitioners can pay per aligner. This probably only has impact maybe on the low-end of the market, but just curious if you have any thoughts about their pricing change that whether it really matters for Align overall? Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah, Steve. I think, I mean I saw that too. It's pretty well presented by ClearCorrect. I think if you have kind of product that they have, that's a pretty simple way to go to marketplace. And so we don't see that changing our strategy because when you look at the sophistication of our product line and how it is directed towards certain malocclusions and the number aligners associated with it, our pricing makes sense in that way. But if you're ClearCorrect, I'd say that that was a simple way to go about it. And I think it makes sense in that into the marketplace.
Steven J. Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Got it. Okay. That's it for me. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: All right, Steve. Thanks.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block of Stifel.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. I'll limit myself to two questions. First one is just international. I mean big, big numbers, diverse growth. EMEA was up 38%, Joe, a big acceleration from the 4Q 2016 number of up 20%. And I know 4Q 2016 had some sort of EMEA backlog moving parts, if you would. So just maybe your thoughts on how that market is growing? Is the best to look at it  I guess what I'm asking is somewhere in between that 20% deceleration that we saw exiting 2016 and the big 38% number that you put up them in 1Q 2017?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Jon, that's a great question. They came back very strong in that sense. I would say that in this case, we continue to do incredibly well in Spain. You see us in the U.K., both from a GP standpoint, orthodontics standpoint continues to grow and we're seeing great strength out of Germany also, France. So by country, when I look at that and again I've spent a lot of years over in Europe too, all those countries are so different when you see that kind of acceleration and growth across each one of those countries, the team is executing well on the strategy across all the different cultures. I honestly would say it's hard to explain exactly what happened in the fourth quarter in EMEA. I would tell you that internally, we probably did not guess the vacation schedule as well as what happened in Europe. And we had some bleed over, obviously, from a case shipment standpoint. And I'd say in general, we as a company, we haven't anticipated well the turndown in the holidays in Europe and how that can affect case growth. So I think behind your question, Jon, there's  we're executing well over there, we're excited about it. Obviously, this expansion that we've done in the Middle East and Russia with this next distributor acquisition is something we know how to do. We've proven we really can grow from that. I'm confident we can continue to drive some pretty impressive numbers out of Europe as the team continues to execute there.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, very helpful. And then the other one just specific to SDC, it seems the cases that you guys are providing them are still in sort of infancy stage. But Joe, I'd love your thoughts on how that  you came into the agreement nine months ago or so. How that doctor-directed at-home market has progressed? And rather than cannibalizing a ton of Align cases, I guess what I'm trying to figure out, is there a component of this where you have another player out there talking about clear aligners, spending marketing dollars. Is that helping to sort of stimulate the entire market, which could be a precursor for what happens when some of the other big ortho companies, if they do come out with their clear aligner products? Thanks guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yes, Jon, I'd say we think that this is helping to stimulate the whole clear aligner category. SDCs, they spend a lot of money, they're very good in a sense of how they advertise. We see that as we go to marketplace too. So I do think that's a component in the growth of the marketplace right now. I'd also caution you, Jon, as the other clear aligner companies come in, I don't expect big consumer spend. These are companies that you normally just sell to orthodontists through their channels or through distribution channels. They're not used to massive consumer advertising campaigns and the associated  expense associated with that. So I'm not so sure that the next list of competitors, and you can reel them off as much as I can, are going to come into the marketplace with that kind of gunpowder to go directly to consumer. I don't think the SDC and our model will be broadly duplicated with the next round of competition.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good evening, guys. Let me ask maybe two revenue questions, and then I have a margin question as well. But Joe, on the revenue, the guidance you're giving for second quarter and then for the full year, it would seem to imply a slowdown in the second half to maybe 20% revenue growth. And given the strength this quarter, that's almost hard to imagine, which just a couple of quarters ago, that would've been a good number. And so just trying to figure out if there's just conservatism in there? What kind of  how you're thinking about the second half playing out? And then on the international side, for a long time, we've kind of heard the story that you need to continue to invest in the international markets to really kind of sustain 30% growth. You tick up to 40% this quarter, is that kind of  should we be thinking about sustainability now above 30% in the international markets at least in the near-term?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Okay, Jeff. This is John. I'll take the question. On revenue, what we've seen in the first half is you saw great performance in the first quarter. We continue to see that as we head into the second quarter. Strong performance and we're guiding to the high side of what we had in our long-term model of case shipments on our high side of 27%. Our strategies are playing out. We're seeing that in what we've seen in volume and that's why we felt comfortable of taking this to the high-end of our guidance to closer to the 25% for the year. And as we get through this quarter and the second quarter, we'll revisit that if the volume continues to where we see it. So right now, it's not being conservative. We're just kind of calling what we see. And then in terms of the growth that you saw  that you were talking about, was this specifically for international or are you  was it...
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: EMEA or APAC or...
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Pretty much just rolling the international up all together, we've kind of long thought of that as the sustainable 30% or 25% to 30% and you have to keep investing to maintain that kind of number. Now we see it up to 40%. Just wondering how sustainable is that here going forward?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. I mean so we definitely still have volume opportunities in these developing countries. So that is growth opportunities for us. We've mentioned on our earlier part of this call about some of the distributor deals and some of the things that we're going direct. That should help us with some of the volume. But we're still seeing a lot of growth and a lot of opportunities in places like China and parts of EMEA and so on. And we're going to continue to push for that growth where we can and we expect it to continue to keep growing like it has.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Fair enough. And then just on the margin side. A couple of quarters here where margins have been down. Your guiding, for the full year, obviously, flat to up slightly, so many initiatives going on at this point that's really helping support that top line. I guess, what gives you the confidence? And where does the margin improvement come from I guess, going forward with all this investment that you've got going on at this point?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, what we've seen, Jeff, so far is we've invested as we have really last year and now into this year upfront with a lot of our sales initiatives, some of our marketing expenses upfront. We're seeing that volume come through and that's happened in the first quarter and expected to continue into the year. And that's what gives us confidence in holding our margin rate flat to slightly up from last year.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: All right, Jeff. See you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby of Credit Suisse. Please pardon any mispronunciation. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: I think that's me. You mentioned the ERP process is driving that DSO number higher. You say it's kind of a several quarter phenomena, but can you give us any granularity around that? It's getting to be a larger number. So when is a reasonable timeframe to see that number turn over and see the cash start to improve?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah, Robert. It's something that we've worked hard within the companies to try to improve. It's not  the big ERP implementation we had was last July. But we've also been putting on additional entities and going live on our new ERP. And that has caused us to struggle a little bit in terms of getting some of those collections and moving from one system to another, getting customers and our collectors to kind of be in sync. We expect that it's going to start to come down as we go through this year. And some of the initiatives that we have that to be able to really focus on those collections and also work on our ERP to make sure that we're able to fix some of these issues that we have. But we expect it to start coming down.
Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And there's no bad debt experience of consequence?
John F. Morici - Align Technology, Inc.: Now what we've seen is as we've tested and has gone through, it's taking longer for us to collect but it's not turned into bad debt. It's just a slower pain that we normally experience. But the bad debt has not increased.
Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Rob. One last question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, good afternoon. Not to disparage the results at all, but I'm curious if the North American GP experience in the first quarter was in line or maybe better than your plan? It seems that it was more in line I suppose with typical seasonality whereas we saw the rest of the business really pick up in the first quarter versus historical trend, curious on your thoughts there?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hi, Brandon, it's Joe. I'd say it's in line to trending up. Maybe slightly stronger than what we thought. I'd say it straight and probably came from like we mentioned DSOs more than anything. And I work with them. So we thought good about the quarter in that sense. And they're not dramatic, but let's say trending up.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: If you can, one more. Curious if you have any data or if you even track this in terms of like the new iTero shipments. Last year was a big year in terms of how many of those go to non-Invisalign docs? And kind of what the uptake trajectory or trend might be from doc to get one of the new scanners sort of translating those into pull through for new case starts?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: That's always kind of a magic question around the table here is  we do know that we do see an uptick and uses of Invisalign when we sell Invisalign and account. Usually, that account has already been associated with Invisalign in some way, Brandon. So, but we haven't been able to quantify that. Sometimes, it's a blip, sometimes it's bigger. Sometimes it tends to kind of fall back down to the initial line as an Invisalign customer some point. But we certainly know that once your customer does get an Invisalign scanner, they tend to do more Invisalign cases. And frankly, we can bring more power to that customer in the sense of the software and the ease of the use of the product line that we really start to build in with the iTero scanner. As far as how many we sell to non-Invisalign accounts, I really don't have that data and I don't think we've kept track of that data at all.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Fair enough. Thank you.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Operator, we'll take one more question, please?
Operator: Not a problem. Our last question will come from the line of John Kreger of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks very much. Joe, given the nice uptick in growth, what is your sense about the underlying market on the ortho side? Are your customers reporting any changes in their sort of typical case start growth or is this all share gains on your part?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, I mean we're seeing an increase of orthodontic patients through the orthodontists that we track and we talk to, John. So we do have a healthy orthodontic market behind us. There's no doubt. I think our team expansion shows that we have taken significant share in that area too. So look, it's wonderful to have a good  a stronger market behind you like that, but this is a story of a strong market and a share shipped at the same time.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. And what are your views as the underlying market growth? We'd sort of put it maybe at about 4% on a unit basis. Would that be in sync with what you hear from your customers?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yes, right on.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. And then one other one, the very good growth in DSOs, I assume that's primarily in North America. Can you just talk a little bit about what your strategy has been to drive that? Or has it really been just as those entities get bigger, they viewed Invisalign as a good same-store growth driver? Just curious what you're seeing?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Look, it kind of  John, you led the question really well, I mean it's kind of a story at a DSO level. As soon as you join the DSO, it's all about growth, right. And we're trying to transfer best practices on growth and efficiency across all the different units that they have. Invisalign is a great story because you can attract more patients with Invisalign, you have a different revenue source and you tend those patients to attract with Invisalign. You tend to keep them over time, too. And so, we incentivize these customers, we train them as much as we possibly can, with more work to make it as easy to use Invisalign as possible. And it's worked out well. Obviously, Heartland has been a good partner for us and several other DSOs that we have out there. And it's a good business partnership in that sense, but a lot of work we have to do to work together to get the right advertising in place, demographics from a patient identification standpoint, the training is necessary for each one of those. DSOs can really help to facilitate that based on a kind of organization that they are.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions over the audio portion of the conference. I would now like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. If you have any follow up questions, please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications & IR Joseph Hogan - President & CEO John Morici - CFO
Analysts: Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Brandon Couillard - Jefferies John Kreger - William Blair & Co. Jonathan Block - Stifel Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Steven Valiquette - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matt O'Brien - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Align Technology Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year End 2016 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Shirley Stacy. Thank you, Ms. Stacy. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me from today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued fourth quarter 2016 financial results today via Marketwired, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 P.M. Eastern Time through 5:30 P.M. Eastern Time on February 14. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13652166 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlooks and the expected financial results for the first quarter of 2017 and full year. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our fourth quarter conference call slides on the website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today I'll provide some highlights from the quarter and briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, care aligners and scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the first quarter and I'll offer some commentary on how we see the 2017 unfolding. Following that I will come back and summarize a few key points and then we'll open upto questions. Q4 was a strong to the year with revenues at the high end of guidance, up 27.3% year-over-year resulting from better than expected Invisalign and iTero volume, primarily in North America offset by lower ASPs, discounts and FX. Q4 Invisalign case shipment increased 6.9% sequentially reflecting an uptick in North America and EMEA, and was up 18.5% from the prior year driven by continued growth across all geographies and customer channels. Our iTero business also finished strong with scanner units up 27.7% sequentially and 171% compared to Q4 a year ago. EPS was $0.59 which was lower than our outlook primarily due a $0.08 impact from exchange rates on a strengthening U.S. dollar that John will explain further in his comments.  By all accounts 2016 was a terrific year for Align. We exceeded $1 billion in annual revenues for the first time in our history. We had more than 700,000 adults and teenagers store [indiscernible] with Invisalign care aligners and we more than tripled our shipments of iTero standards to nearly 4,000 units. All while delivering several new products expanding our global footprint in operations, establishing a new doctor direct-to-consumer channel, the small direct love and implementing an entirely new ERP system without any major business disruption. For Q4 North American Invisalign volume was up 5.7% sequentially driven by expansion of our customer base and increased utilization from both customer channels. During the quarter, North America Orthos gained momentum following our Invisalign Summit in November. And North American GP growth was driven by both Invisalign Full and Express family of products. On a year-over-year basis, a shipment growth of 15.2% was driven by continued adoption by North American Orthos has seen a record utilization and solid growth from GPs, especially with Invisalign Express. We continue to make progress with the Dental Service Organizations or what we call DSOs, the fastest growing segment of the dental industry which represents nearly 20% of the market today. In Q4, roughly 8% of our North American volume came from DSO practices and they outperformed private practices significantly, both in terms of growth rate and ortho utilization. Q4 Invisalign volume for international doctors was up 9.1% sequentially driven by strength in EMEA coming off Q3 summer seasonality, offset somewhat by seasonally a slower period in APAC. On a year-over-year basis international Invisalign volume was up 25% reflecting continued strong performance for both EMEA and APAC. In EMEA, Q4 volumes were up 20% year-over-year reflecting continued adoption of Invisalign in core market led by the UK, Spain, and France, as well as continued rapid growth in our expansion markets of Central Eastern Europe and Nordic. We also saw initial momentum with a successful launch of IGo. Our Q4 EMEA shipments do not reflect the strong underlying demand as our reported growth rates were dampened by the imbalance between receipts and shipments that we described in our Q3 earnings call. As our backlog in fact returns to more normalized levels in Q4, there was a dampening effect on the shipment that cut across all regions because the lines were fabricated and shipped on a first-in, first-out basis without regard to geographical regions, notwithstanding this EMEA still had a record quarter. In Asia Pacific, Q4 volumes were up 35% year-over-year led by China, Japan, and Southeast Asia. During the quarter we held numerous clinical education and training events across the region. In China more than 1,000 doctors attending an Invisalign Day at the China Orthodontic Society's Annual Meeting. In Japan we held Invisalign Forum with more than 200 doctors in attendance, and we participated in the Taiwan Association of Orthodontists meeting for the first time. We also successfully transitioned from indirect coverage in Korea to direct, our largest beauty/cosmetic surgery market in the world is in Korea. During the Teen market, or two-fourth of the total number of teenagers using Invisalign decreased 7.7% sequential as expected due to the seasonality and was up 19.7% year-over-year driven by continued adoption worldwide. Q4 is typically a seasonally slower quarter for teenage start. For the full year 169,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign, an increase of 19.6% we compared to last year. The International teen case starts represent about 30% of total teen starts and grew 31% in 2016 when compared to last year. Our results reflect solid execution of our strategic approach drivers which includes international expansion, driving ortho utilization of Invisalign, especially among teens, helping GPs treat and refer more patients; and lastly, ensuring that billions of potential patients that we generate through consumer demand program are offered Invisalign treatment. Product and technology innovation are key to all these initiatives and in 2016 we continue to see increased clinical confidence as a result of innovation in Invisalign treatment for customers worldwide. Q4 was a particularly busy quarter with product releases designed to improve feeder [ph] predictability, outcomes and efficiency. We launched Invisalign G7 with features that helped us to fine tune certain tooth movements and we launched the latest version a ClinCheck Pro for more flexibility in treatment planning. We also announced upgrades to our iTero Element scanner, software the Invisalign Outcome Simulator chairside app, adding 3D progress tracking to help assess Invisalign treatment progress and finding with a recommendation of many of our most experienced doctors and our North American Clinical Advisory Board, we issued a recommendation for weekly aligner wear and Invisalign Teen cases. But we are now recommending one week wear for Invisalign Go. Innovations like our G-series features and smart-track material give doctors' confidence that they can get the result they want with Invisalign while changing aligners weekly instead of every other week. It's a real improvement in treatment efficiency and a better experience for patients to reduce overall treatment time. Our integrated consumer marketing program where we're just traditionally in media search and digital marketing, PR and social media to engage consumers at every point and consumer purchased security. Consumer interest in demand for Invisalign treatment continues to grow. In 2016 there were over 8 million unique visitors to Invisalign website; 1.8 million potential parents searched an Invisalign provider on dock locator which is up 38% from 2015. And Invisalign social media community grew 50% to 530,000 consumers [ph]. In Q4, our scanner business revenues are up 19.3% sequentially and up 157% year-over-year reflecting a record number of units shipped in the quarter, approximately 27.7% quarter-over-quarter, primarily North America. Usually iTero scanners from Invisalign case submissions in place of EDS impressions continues to expand and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q4, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner North America increased to a record 51.3%, up from 48.8% in Q3 and 39.7% in the same quarter last year. While these scanners were predominantly from iTero scanner, we also are seeing some uptake for [indiscernible] which were previously qualified for the Invisalign case submission. Q4 was our first quarter supplying aligners for Smile Direct Club. We continue to work closely with Smile Direct Club theme developing processes around the manufacturer of their aligners and continuing to ramp our efforts in the referral cases to our network of orthodontists and dentists for in-office Invisalign treatments. The potential this new entirely market, new market force is large. While the business is going to [indiscernible] we remain very excited. I'd like to update you on our plans to expand our operations globally and get closer to our customers local market. This past July we transitioned our order acquisition operations which is the digital scanning of the cemented TBS impression for the EMEA region, we move it to Amsterdam. We focused initially on moving the order acquisition process because of the huge customer experience benefits which faced several days for initial ClinCheck turnaround time. Order acquisition has a low labor and training component and is therefore relatively easier to relocate. We also get immediate net cost savings for COGS or costs of goods sold from the lower freight costs. While still early, we're already seeing these benefits from having operations in the region. We're planning to establish order acquisition for the APAC region in Singapore and expect to begin processing incoming Invisalign cases for that region in early 2018. Our first treatment planning operations outside of Costa Rica and our first aligner fabrication operations outside of Mexico will both be located in the APAC region. We are focusing on Asia Pacific first because of the diverse customer needs of that region, language and translational challenges, and a significant distance in time zone differences that currently results in more time for ClinCheck turnaround. The China market will be our initial focus for treatment planning operations in APAC and be located in Chengdu, China. We expect to begin processing Invisalign cases in Q2 2017. A location for our APAC aligner manufacturing has not been finalized yet however, we plan to be operational in the first half of 2018. We plan to establish our operations in EMEA in a similar way. We have treatment planning operations in Cologne, Germany starting in Q3 2017 followed by Spain in the first quarter of 2018. We're building more detailed plan for putting treatment planning and the other core markets in EMEA over the next few years. International expansion of Invisalign value chain which includes order acquisitions, treatment planning and aligner fabrication is on the way. I'm excited about the opportunity and the potential to being closer to our customers. Our operations are very flexible and we see so many benefits that will allow us to scale with our business and ensure that we offer the best customer support experience. Before I turn the call over to John, I want to update you on our patent litigation. At the conclusion of the International Trade Commission action against ClearCorrect in September 2016, we filed a motion in federal district court in Houston to lift the stay that had been in place since the filing of the ITC action. The court granted our motion and the matter is now active and we are proceeding aggressively, relying in part on these prior findings of infringement and validity from the ITC proceedings. In addition, today we announced that we have filed a new lawsuit against ClearCorrect and Your Smile Direct LTD of Dublin, Ireland, for patent infringement in the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice of the United Kingdom. We believe that ClearCorrect is now infringing Align's European patents by offering its aligners to consumers through Your Smile Direct and to practitioners through it's own distribution throughout the United Kingdom. The ITC already found Align's U.S. patents to be infringed by ClearCorrect and we will continue to assert and defend our intellectual property rights against infringement, both in the United States and internationally. With that, I'll now turn it over to John Morici.
John Morici: Thanks, Joe. I'm very pleased to be here. Let's review our fourth quarter financial results. The total company revenue for the fourth quarter was $293.2 million, up 5.2% from the prior quarter and up 27.3% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. On a constant currency basis our reported Q4 revenue was reduced by approximately $3 million, both sequentially and year-over-year as a result of foreign exchange rate fluctuations due to the strength of the U.S. dollar. Fourth quarter clear aligner revenue of $251.5 million which now includes both Invisalign and Smile Direct Club aligner revenue was up 3.2% sequentially reflecting growth of Invisalign volume partially offset by lower Invisalign ASPs. Our Q4 shipment volume and revenue to Smile Direct Club were immaterial to the quarter. Our year-over-year clear aligner revenue growth of 17.5% reflected Invisalign case volume growth across all customers' channels and geographies. Q4 Invisalign ASPs were down sequentially $50 to -- from Q3 to about $1,230 reflecting higher promotional activity and the impact of foreign exchange rate. On a year-over-year basis Q4 Invisalign ASPs were down approximately $20, primarily due to promotional activity and again, the impact of foreign exchange rates which was partially offset by price increases. For the fourth quarter total Invisalign shipment of about 190,000 cases were up 6.9% sequentially refracting growth primarily from our EMEA and North American customers. Year-over-year Invisalign case volume growth was 18.5% driven by growth across all regions. For North American orthodontists, Q4 Invisalign case volume was up 3.2% sequentially and up 20.2% year-over-year. For North American GPs, case volume was up 9.1% sequentially and up 9.5% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 9.1% sequentially and up 25% year-over-year reflecting continued expansion of our customer base, as well as increased utilization. Worldwide Invisalign utilization in Q4 was a record 5.2 cases per doctor, up from 4.9 in Q4 last year. North America ortho utilization was a record 11.3, up from 9.9 in the prior year. North America GP utilization was 3.2, slightly up from 3.1 in the prior year. And international utilization was 5.0, flat from Q4 last year as we continue to expand our customer base. In Q4 we added 3,700 new Invisalign doctors worldwide of which 1,420 were new North American doctors and 2,280 of which were new international doctors. This compared to 2,615 in Q3 and 2,670 total doctors trained in the same quarter last year. Note that the total number of doctors trained in Q4 includes 670 Invisalign Go doctors in EMEA that were recruited over the course of the year. Our scanner and services revenue for the fourth quarter was $41.7 million, up 19.3% sequentially and up 156.8% year-over-year. Moving on to gross margin; fourth quarter overall gross margin was 75.1%, flat sequentially and up 0.1 point year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 77.5%, down 0.2 point sequentially, primarily due to lower Invisalign ASPs partially offset by cost leverage from higher volume. Clear aligner gross margins were down 0.4 point year-over-year primarily due to increased aligner's per case as we continue to treat more complex cases. Q4 gross margins for our scanner segment was a record 61%, up 3.9 point sequentially and 23.2 point year-over-year, both the sequential and year-over-year increases were primarily a result of higher ASPs and lower manufacturing costs of our iTero Element scanner relative to our previous scanner. Q4 operating expenses were $151.9 million, up sequentially by $4.8 million or 3.2%, primarily related to increased employee headcount which was partially offset by lower media cost and foreign exchange rate impact. On a year-over-year basis Q4 operating expenses were up 33.8% reflecting increased headcount and continued investment in our go-to-market activity, each critical to the growth of business. Our fourth quarter operating margin was 23.3%, up one point sequentially and down two and half point year-over-year. This sequential increase in operating margin related primarily to OpEx leverage from higher volumes and revenue. On a year-over-year basis decreased operating margin primarily reflects higher OpEx as we've grown into business. On a sequential and year-over-year basis, Q4 operating margin was minimally impacted by foreign exchange rates as we have a natural hedge between our revenue and operating expenses. With regard to our fourth quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 19.8%, up by approximately 1.4 point compared to Q3 of '16. Recall that Q3 was benefited by a change in our corporate structure as part of our ERP implementation. Commencing in the fourth quarter we also began to find aligners to Smile Direct Club. Revenue and cost for this activity are included in our operating profit and reported results although they were immaterial to the company. Additionally, we also report our share of Smile Direct Club's losses below operating margin in our tax provision and is entitled equity in losses of investee, net of tax. This Q4 loss, net of tax was approximately $1.2 million or $0.01 per diluted share. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.59 compared to $0.63 reported in Q3 and $0.60 reported in the same quarter last year. Fourth quarter EPS was unfavorably impacted by a stronger U.S. dollar which amounted to approximately $0.08 per share, primarily due to the net realized foreign exchange losses related to the revaluation of certain balance sheet accounts addressing unrealized foreign exchange losses included in other income and expense. In conjunction with the implementation of our new international corporate structure in July we changed the function of currency of our Netherlands entity from euro to U.S. dollars. As a result, monetary balance sheet accounts are revalued into U.S. dollars and any impact from that is charged to the P&L. Prior to this change these impacts were charged to the balance sheet. We have now changed our processes to limit our exposure and the impact of these kinds of currency movement which we believe should not have nearly as large of an impact on earnings going forward. Moving on to the balance sheet, as of the fourth quarter cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities including both short and long-term investment were a record $700 million. This compared to $678.7 million at the end of 2015, an increase of approximately $21.3 million. Of our $700 million of cash equivalents and marketable securities, $241 million was held by the U.S. and $459 million was held by our international entities. Q4 accounts receivable balance was $247.4 million, up approximately 1% sequentially. Our overall DSA -- DSO was 76 days, down two days sequentially and up 14 days year-over-year. The year-over-year increase is a result of our new ERP system implemented in July 2016 and other related systems that impact the timing of our customer collective. As we indicated last quarter, we anticipate that our DSOs will remain above our historical average for several quarters as we work through these changes. Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $81 million and free cash flow for the quarter defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures amounted to a record $66.8 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $14.2 million, primarily relating to equipment purchases or additional manufacturing capacity as well as building improvement. During the fourth quarter we repurchased approximately 0.4 million shares of stock for $38 million under that April 2014 repurchase plan. Subsequent to year end we completed this plan, we purchasing the remaining $3.8 million. We still have $300 million available for repurchased under the 2016 repurchase plan which we announced last April. Before we move to Q1 outlook, I would like to make a few comments on the full year 2016 results. In 2016 we shipped a record 708,000 Invisalign cases of 21.5%. This reflects 32.4% volume growth from our international doctors and 16.4% volume growth from our North American doctor's. Shipments of iTero scanner were up more than three times over 2015 to nearly 4,000 units. Total revenue was a record $1.1 billion, up 27.7% year-over-year. Full year operating income of $248.9 million or 23.1% of revenue, free cash flow was $177.1 million. For the year we repurchased 1.1 million shares of Align stock for $96.2 million. In 2016 diluted EPS was $2.33. With that let's turn to our business outlook and the factors that inform our view. Starting with demand outlook; for our international market expect seasonally slower period for APAC with the Lunar New Year and for EMEA with winter holiday and vacation. For North America, seasonally up GP and Ortho. For our scanner business, Q1 capital equipment purchases are seasonally lower. With this as a backdrop we expect the first quarter to shape up as follow; Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 200,000 to 203,000 cases, up approximately 22.2% to 24% over the same period a year ago reflecting continued strong demand across all channels and region. We expect Q1 net revenues to be in the range of $295 million to $298 million, an increase of 23.6% to 24.8% year-over-year with gross margins in the range of 74.2% to 74.5%. We expect Q1 operating expenses to be in the range of $162.5 million to $164.5 million, up quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to the increased headcount and increased marketing expenses. Q1 operating margin should be in the range of 19.1% to 19.3%. Regarding our tax rate; at the start of 2017 we adopted accounting standards update entitled improvements to employee share based payment accounting under this new standard excess tax benefit and deficiencies associated with employee share-based payments are no longer recognized as paid in capital on the balance sheet but instead recognized directly to income tax expense or benefit in the income statement for the reporting period in which they occur. Under this new standard we expect our Q1 effective tax rate to be approximately 1% to 2% which includes $12 million in extra tax benefit. We estimate the Q1 impact of the Smile Direct Club transaction will reduce earnings per share by $0.01 per diluted share, and diluted shares outstanding should be approximately $81.3 million exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q1 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.64 to $0.67 which includes approximately $0.14 of excess tax benefit. Finally, it should be noted that our Q1 CapEx will be larger than normal as we recently entered into a purchase agreement for the new -- for our new facility in San Jose, California. Accordingly Q1 CapEx should be approximately $70 million to $75 million. Now let me turn our view to the full year. We anticipate 2017 revenue growth to be above the midpoint of our long-term operating model range of 15% to 25%. We also expect Invisalign revenue and volume growth to be at or above midpoint of that model. As for our scanner business, recall that 2016 revenue and volume growth significantly benefited from the unfilled backlog carried over from 2015. And while we expect the scanner business to do well and continue to grow, we would not expect the same rate of growth of volume and revenue as we saw in 2016. We expect operating margins to be flat to slightly up over our 2016. Those investments will include geographic expansion both in countries and markets we already serve, as well as expansion into new territories including Latin America and India. And aggressive direct to consumer advertising campaign targeted directly at teen, international expansion of the Invisalign value chain including order acquisition and treatment planning to get closer to our customers as Joe mentioned. Commercialization of several new products including in class two and tubular [ph] advancement feature for international markets, Invisalign Go for North America and new iTero scanner features and functionality, and implementation of the CFM model in North America and APAC which was previously rolled out in EMEA. We believe these investments are key to the continued customer adoption and acceleration of our growth. Similar to last year, many of these investments will take time before they realize meaningful return. We expect the equity loss from our investment in Smile Direct Club would be two to three times the 2016 losses we recorded. We expect our tax rate for 2017 to be approximately 18% which includes $19 million of excess tax benefit. Finally, as typical, we expect our earnings power in the second half of the year to be stronger than in the first half with second half operating profit to account for somewhere in the range of 56% to 58% of our full year results. With that I'll turn it back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John. In closing, I'm pleased with our continued progress but behind all this progress and hard work, what we've really done is to build on the original vision and work started 20 ago this year, and that has created digital way to move [indiscernible] predictably, comfortably and statically and we're doing that. Digital is the future of what Donek [ph] which means all season in future will be moved digitally throughout. We have good momentum and energy heading into 2017, something we all felt that they are still waiting to kick-off at the year in North America, APAC and EMEA. We have a lot to be excited about with new products coming to treat younger patients and solutions specifically for general dentist, expanded opportunities through Smile Direct Club and our new consumer campaign to much more. I look forward to following up with many of you in the coming weeks at various financial conferences and industry meeting. Before I open the call to questions, I want to take a minute to welcome Lin [ph] who will join Align on February 27 in the newly created position of VP, Americas. This newly created position for the Americas region will allow us to provide greater focus on each region, respond to their different needs more quickly and effectively and harness to collective power of our largest market in the world. We've never had one leader for the region with our expansion in Brazil and greater Latin America, we thought it was time to bring all these activities in the Americans under one leader, just as we have in EMEA and APAC region, this is an opportunity for us to add an executive with experience who is going to help us scale and continue to grow. I know that she'll be an excellent addition to our team. Lastly as we announced in Q3 earnings, David White, will officially leave Align in February. I want to thank David for as many contributions to the company over the past three years and which him the best is his retirement. With that we'll now open for any questions you might have. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones: Thanks, Joe and welcome John. So I guess you know looking at the results, despite what appears to be somewhat of a softening overall dental end market, you guys were able to post and forecast strong case growth. So I guess Joe big picture question, I guess how important is the overall foot traffic in particular in the GP office relative to how you think about referrals and growth of Invisalign?
Joseph Hogan: You know I think you can never negate what traffic, I mean it's important that you have -- store traffic in that senses point of view there. I mean witness what happened to us in the third quarter and obviously from a GP market segment we saw that decline so I think what you're seeing here is, you know GP did come back kind of from a seasonal standpoint we expected that as we indicated in our forecast. So also you see this ortho utilization really picking up in a big way also. So I think those two combined variables but I mean to specifically answer your question, so what traffic goes down 20% in ortho, this is going to affect us in one way or another but a continuation of 2016 into 2017 is what we're projecting when you heard with forecasted -- I think that's why we're still bullish in a sense of as we look at 2017.
Robert Jones: Got it. And I guess just a quick follow-up, you know, you guys called out higher promotional activity as driving the decline in the ASPs and I know you guys run promotions often but I don't remember it being this big of a drag on ASPs. Can you maybe just give a little bit more detail on the promotions you ran and should we expect this level of promotional activity to continue as we think about '17?
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I think you know, when you -- look Robert, we have some promotional activity but obviously nothing would have been outline as what we've done in the past and fourth quarters except there is one 75% -- $75 bonus that we gave to the orthodontic community that came through Las Vegas. And we saw a pretty big uptick from that thing. And so you know, that hit us a little bit from an ASP standpoint but held volume but then we had some FX and some mix in here also. So it was a good balance in that central [ph].
Robert Jones: Got it. Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks, good afternoon. Joe, on -- in terms of the '17 outlook first on the top line, can you give us a sense of what you're embedding for FX impact to the top line as well as the ASP trends for the year? And then when you look in the middle of the P&L you outlined a number of initiatives; can you help us size or put some numbers to the relative sizes of each of those initiatives, each of the cost buckets in terms of the incremental commercial spend?
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I'll take the FX and ASP. You know we've set our plan for 2017 based on current FX rate, so we've adjusted to what we're currently seeing and that's what's in our guidance. And as far as ASPs, we expect them to be flat to slightly up as we plan for 2017 from that standpoint. And then from a spend standpoint we're continuing to invest in our sales and marketing organization and specifically on the marketing on the direct to consumer and really targeting that team market. So it's a continued investment that we're making in 2017. And as we think about this from year to year is, you know we've done the last few years in this business, we really hit the channels hard in a sense of hiring sales people, seeing the international growth that we have. Just to look at our business next year is doing exactly the same thing; we're running the same plays maybe to a higher degree because we have higher momentum and higher volumes to deal with. So real added cost is our team focus these for next year, you know that will be anywhere between $10 million and $14 million but I would say that's the inordinate kind of change from your year that we would have had versus our normal kind of OpEx extension that we feel -- you know, I mean that's why we struggled so much in the first quarter in a sense of it could be lowered all these investments so we can realize those in the second half of the year.
Brandon Couillard: And just curious about you think about the potential risk of a board of tax on Mexico imports? And any -- let's say mitigation efforts that you could take to perhaps offset that? And could you update on the exact mix of how much of the production is coming out of Mexico today? Is it 100% of the volumes?
John Morici: Well, I mean out of everything our production right now is slowly and whereas in Mexico, and 60% of our production goes to North America and 40% goes overseas. Now you're asking me to comment on Trump's comments, I don't know which tweet you want me to address. I'd say all those tweets have different financial scenarios. Part of it also is going to be reduction of the corporate tax rate, it looks like it's come together maybe the 20% range or so; so it's really hard -- it's kind of washed that's been out right now. What I want to give investors' confidence that we're aware of it, and we'll make the new kind of changes from a flexibility standpoint, we could be nimble on what new to be done. But the last thing I'd say is, you know our Mexican facility, I don't want it to be looked as the low cost facility, this is an incredibly high tax credit -- incredibly important aspect to us and so we've invested tons of money over 20 years to bring this as a modern day production facility, it's the biggest 3D printing business in the world. This is really a valuable asset for us and we'll do all we can just to make that asset as productive as possible regardless of what we see.
Brandon Couillard: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Bouchard [ph] of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon and thanks for taking the questions everyone. I wonder if we could reflect just for a minute on the first quarter guidance when I think back to the company's approach to guidance over the years, that there has been -- you know, there have been times when we thought well, you know, the guidance could have been a little higher but the company has pretty steadfastly stuck to this view of looking at past sequential trends, seasonal trends to say, okay, here is where we think the business is going to grow. When I look at the first quarter though, the guidance for the sequential volume growth -- significant -- relative to trend, stronger than normal trend; so I wonder if you could spend just a minute there -- kind of clue us into anything we might be missing about what might be different this time around?
John Morici: Steve, this is John. I think what we saw -- we saw a very good volume in Q4 and I think that's what led to strong shipments and strong revenue performance in Q4 and we've seen that continue into January and into 2017 that we feel very good about where we're at from a volume standpoint and that's why we've given the Q1 guidance and it helped strengthen where we think we're going to be at for 2017.
Unidentified Analyst: As you look back at order patterns over the last several months, do you think it might have been in part more of a timing issue where new orders were delayed upto the latter stages of the year and into January?
Joseph Hogan: I think you got to look at Q4, Q1 normal list -- you know how -- there is some seasonality in a sense of how we go about things too. So I hope we're answering your question but I know what you're saying is we're probably a little outside of what -- kind of guidance we've given in the past. I'd just take John's comments in this specific momentum but also your understanding of the seasonality that says the Q4 to 1Q is the two main variables and why we're predicting that Q1 to be what it is.
Shirley Stacy: Just a final on Steve, I -- do you recall a few -- the order imbalance that we referenced on the Q3 call that -- you keep in mind right that strength carried over, [indiscernible] which is the received strength obviously carried over as the inventory and backlog, even down in Q4 and that strength obviously has carried over to Q1.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Now last one for me
Shirley Stacy: This was actually Steve -- I think you even said something about this on the last earnings call you asked whether this would carry over into Q1 and that's potentially what you're seeing.
Unidentified Analyst: Well don't give me too much credit Shirley.
Shirley Stacy: We won't give you credit for the strength but --
Unidentified Analyst: Last one for me. I wonder if you could give us any early reflections on the traction you're getting with the one week change out; how broadly are you seeing that adopted if it's something you can pick up from your friends in the channel? And what are the -- what's the early feedback or clinicians thinking about this as in any way changing the way they go about using Invisalign? Thank you.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I think we've had good reception from a doctor's standpoint Steve. And the data we presented, the clinical evidence was as far as wide smart track, smart force, that you need aspects of our product line that allows us to happen, honestly we feel -- some of the doctors are aggressively pursuing this and it's ones who are really investing in this line in a big way, it's significant. Other ones are more cautious I think in a sense of how they start up and that is part of the tendency of this industry. The last thing I'd say is, it's going to be really important for us as part of our communications to patients is that the availability of this kind of opportunity, I think as patients ask for that as they movie with the GP treatment that you will see a more and more enthusiasm and uptake in that.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. I really appreciate the help.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. Joe, I believe in your prepared remarks you talked about the design order backlog, and generally coming back to normal. Can you just expand upon that is there any imbalance in the backlog that still persists in the first quarter? Are you totally back to normal there?
Joseph Hogan: We're back to normal John.
John Kreger: Great, great. And then John the '17 outlook commentary that you gave which was very helpful; can you give us a sense about what the Smile Direct Club contribution would likely be based upon your expectations to either revenue or volumes?
John Morici: Yes, sure John. It's very minimal, we're definitely ramping up and growing with the Smile Direct Club but in our numbers it's very, very minimal.
John Kreger: Great, thanks. And just one last one, Joe, you mentioned that DSOs are becoming a much bigger part. Are you seeing that globally or really just in the U.S. and how do you think about that from a mix impact on your business either in terms of ASP or margins? Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: John, it's a good question. First of all, this is more of a U.S. kind of phenomenon, that's what to say that other heavy GP markets like the UK or whatever won't go through this dollar consolidation effect. Obviously there are some large DSOs out there from a deal standpoint, we obviously incentivize to drive volume but you know, right now we're not looking at any kind of -- I say material effect in the sense of ASP because you know balance is going other full patients in things that we offer. So as we go forward, we will be continuing to report as how we work with DSOs and how the things are going but did you prepare like a model John for 2017, I wouldn't think that you want to handicap it for DSO pricing.
John Kreger: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Newitter of Leerink Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon. This is actually Ravi [ph] in for Rich. One question on the gross margin, it's a little bit [indiscernible] came in guidance for a little bit later than we had thought. Your base volume guidance is little bit higher, I'm just wondering if you could plan to put to take around that?
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I mean from a gross margin standpoint I mean we're going to continue to see some FX pressure. ASPs what we expect in the first quarter to be a little bit better than the first quarter due to some of the promotional activity that won't continue from Q4 into Q1. And you know, I think it's -- we haven't -- from a standpoint of planning our pricing for 2017, in the past we've taken is it's price increases in the past couple years we haven't planned that for 2017 yet so that might be something that is further down.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks. And then one on this -- forced in your revenue mix, the scanner business you have this new launch sort of hitting the little drive last year growing pretty impressively, you know it seems that we shouldn't be expecting that this year, in '17 should we still think of the scanner business is growing faster than clear aligner business? Sort of what commentary you can provide for another backlog?
Joseph Hogan: Yes, definitely we had a great backlog coming out of 2015 into 2016 for iTero and that contributed to the significant growth. The backlog is much more normalized growth for an equipment business now for iTero. So for 2017 we expect consistent [ph] growth to maybe a little bit better than Invisalign but certainly not nothing like we saw in 2016 because of the backlog.
Unidentified Analyst: That's it for me. Thanks.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Ravi. Operator, next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Block of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Block: Great, thanks and good afternoon guys. Joe, you gave '17 guidance and maybe now I can ask about 2018 and beyond. But -- you better top line for '17 but also higher spends, so it looks like you're getting to a similar operating income or you're absolute dollar is not far off from where we were but just a different formula getting there. And in around that 23% op margin, just taking a step back -- when you look out where the business is today or from an investment standpoint, where do we start to see that sort of elusive leverage? I mean you've got tremendous topline and it really is huge but you're still short of a good couple of hundred basis points below the low end of that 25 to 30 EBIT goal; so maybe can you speak to -- when you look out beyond '17, how you bring the leverage back to the business?
Joseph Hogan: When you say bring the leverage back [indiscernible] this happens to the point of the 25 or 30 that -- everyone here wants to get to and what you've got to look for. I'd say John, we're constantly faced here with are actually, really great short-term investments for us to expand this business significantly and an operating expense, it's almost immediately accretive within that year. And so you know what -- I think at some point in time as we become more and more penetrated or over utilization of these markets more spread internationally in a sense when we go internationally, you just don't hire sales people, you have to put infrastructure in place, you have legal firms, so a lot of things you have to put in place that puts this organization together. So I can't tell you that I don't want to start forecasting 2018, 2019 or whatever John but I hope what you see here is an incredibly profitable business that throws out a ton of cash year-in, year-out; we're in the 23%, we're in striking distance for the 25% range. If you want to cut back some of that investment and sacrifice some growth, we can be at 27% tomorrow. We just feel like it's the right thing for this business to keep investing in these. But I would say accretive types of investments, the payback was less than a year to 18 months and you're seeing in our results, you're seeing in the growth. But as we go forward, I'm very confident we're going to reach a 25% to 30% range, it's just -- we will continue to invest to grow and improve that utilization rate where it makes sense for the business.
Jonathan Block: Got it, very helpful and fair enough. I guess the second one, unless I miss the EMEA commentary, it seemed like it suggested that trends picked up throughout the quarter, so sort of 4Q orders were higher than shipments and arguably that sets up well for 1Q '17 shipments. I believe IGo was launched in the quarter in the UK and Germany, sort of during that fourth quarter. So any thoughts on -- you know the early traction or findings from IGo in EMEA. And when do you expect IGo to be released here in North America? Thanks.
Joseph Hogan: You know as far as IGo uptake, I mean we saw good uptake in the UK, we're working through Germany; Germany you see has a slower infusion rate than most countries in a sense of how we go about things. We're moving into Australia in that sense and working over to APAC and we will introduce it -- we're beginning to introduce it here in certain regions in the United States. So we'll keep you updated John, I mean we're excited about that product, we do need something for that GP segment, it's simple, it will allows GPs to assimilate this product quickly and see how it's integrates into your workflow. And so you will see us aggressively push that product around the globe in North America as we move in 2017.
Jonathan Block: Alright, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon. So Joe, let me follow-up I guess on John's margin questions and you might not have liked his question, you'll probably like mine even less I guess. But I'm just trying to understand -- you know, operating margin has been down a couple of hundred basis points this quarter. It seems like you're guiding down 250 basis points or so next quarter, and yet guiding flat for the year and I really respect a lot of the investments you're making; I think they're the right calls for the business in 2017 and beyond. So just trying to understand if the last couple quarters or at least 4Q and 1Q are down; how do we get flat for all of '17 in the face of some of these investments that you are making?
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, I think -- you know, I've been here long enough to be through a few of these first quarters now, I think you know that our first quarter a lot of something that presses up working margin in expenses, that's is a reason how we account for things, we lay in investments for the rest of the year so it's always our most pressured quarter from an operating profit standpoint. So I mean look at that comparison from 4Q to 1Q, that's always a tough comparison in sense of how we're offering. I'll step back, you know, Jeff, I don't mind John's question, in fact I think it's a question that we've always asked ourself here so I never wanted you guys to misinterpret that we will get unsettled for a question like that. I think it's legitimate in something we wrestle [ph] this year. You know as we forecast for next year, you're right, we're keeping our projections for operating profit or you know, it's pretty much flat with what we thought this year. This year it's pretty phenomenal and sensible what we're forecasting. We think that's the right focus for this business right now. You know, look, I'd just say it from respect to the standpoint if I came in closer, we're going to be 18% operating profit for all of the next year because we're doing something -- I'd say that and we'll probably be out of the room or what we will speak of this team but we want to be as close to the edge as we possibly can in making sure we produce good margin and cash for this business and take advantage of all the opportunities we've had and that the balance we hope that we're communicating for you and now we're executing.
Jeff Johnson: That's helpful. And last question I guess or two, one for John, just -- can you remind me John, does the peso of weakness that we've seen so much in accelerate here recently, does that help at all from a margin perspective? I think the answer is yes, but just if you could remind me there. And then on ASPs, I know the question's been asked a couple times Joe but just want to circle back there; they have been declining here over the last couple of years and I know the promotional activity and some of the utilization rates, people are hitting their targets, things like that so that's all good but I think you said DSO is flat on the year and that would definitely be a change in the trend line from the last couple years so just want to confirm maybe what's driving the flattening out of those ASPs after a couple years of having come down a bit.
Joseph Hogan: Just to answer your question on peso, yes, the dollar strengthening against the peso is favorable for us as of the cost there.
John Morici: On your DSO question, I'd say don't misinterpret my answer on the DSO. You know, the DSOs, they have some pretty good targets in a sense that they could grow; they will get a commensurate kind of discount from Invisalign standpoint. What I'm saying is in the whole mix of products that we have in North America, don't overweight that thing falling down the overall total. But you will see the DSOs can grow aggressively, they will be rewarded for it and so we'll continue to grow that. From an ASP standpoint, I think you have to remember we've got price last year too and that helps us. FX didn't help us in the fourth quarter and that way also so we're playing in a bandwidth here, you know, price increases, FX of $20 or so and I have no idea
Shirley Stacy: International mix.
John Morici: Yes, international mix. So I think David continue to guide ASPs that we're pretty much constant from year to year. We still think about that but there is a lot of noises when we think about that from oceans that we do and mix like Shirley mentioned. But we're counting on it pretty level as we go into 2017.
Jeff Johnson: Fair enough, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Valiquette: Thanks, good afternoon everyone, congrats on the results. So just for us, I guess a couple of quick questions here, just on the litigation news that was in the other press release today. Just first on that patent loss in news in the UK, we don't have as much background than UK market dynamics; so I guess I'm just wondering you are able to provide any current approximate market share splits maybe for you and other such as clear correct in that market? And then I have a follow-up after that.
Joseph Hogan: As far as I can't give you any answer but it's not material in the sense of market share in the UK. You know, there entity over in UK, I want the o be certain when those bounce like direct but it's not, it's something to do with this, and is still pretty much [indiscernible] here, just trying to continue with the model that they have in that and hook up with someone in the UK that really wants to try to implement it in the model. And so you know obviously our lawsuit is not exactly what we do but it's extended as we mentioned to the international market and we'll continue to be aggressive in defending our IP.
Steven Valiquette: Okay, and then as far as the implications in refilling the action in the federal court in Houston, again without having the full historical background at my fingertips; is this still related more to the patents that are set to expire this year in the U.S. or is it more geared towards U.S. patents that go well beyond this year?
Joseph Hogan: We've got a special guest today.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good afternoon everybody. The patents that are before the court in the clear correct action are a combination of patents that will expire in the next couple of years and also patents with a longer life span.
Steven Valiquette: Okay, but as far as
Joseph Hogan: [Indiscernible].
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure. I mean once the patent expires, it just means that the art disclosed in the patents can be freely practiced by anybody in the market. It doesn't make up for infringement during the life of the patent for which anybody would be responsible for damages.
Steven Valiquette: Okay, got it. Okay, maybe I'll just follow-up offline with some additional questions on that. Thanks.
Shirley Stacy: We can set up a call with Roger.
Steven Valiquette: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Brien of Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Matt O'Brien: Thanks. So I've got one here. EMEA growth continues to be very strong, how much of that growth is attributed to the expansion into non-core markets?
Joseph Hogan: You mean non-core market to be other countries? What do you think it is?
Matt O'Brien: Yes, correct.
Joseph Hogan: I'd say it's minimal at first. I mean, we look at India, we're moving in from different places, so I wouldn't look at that as material but I might look at Nordic countries in Europe that we've done that three or four years ago, that's starts to become important. So again, as we talk about moving into new markets just think we have -- we laid out a lot of infrastructure, spend money to put sales people in place and then you start to see almost geometric growth in those areas but that's not what I would say to drive in anyway. Right now the kind of forecast we're getting in for 2017 or what we saw in 2016.
Matt O'Brien: Okay. And then also you guys point out low volume docs in Q3; how did those guys perform in the quarter?
Joseph Hogan: They were good. And we had -- we had -- because we had the issue obviously in the third quarter, they came back pretty strong. You saw the GP in United States from 3.1 to 3.2 utilization standpoint, that might sound small but that's pretty big when you look at it across more than 150,000.
Matt O'Brien: Okay, great. Thanks.
Shirley Stacy: Operator, we'll take one more question please.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Jeff Matthews of [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Two things; one Joe, you mentioned in the script something about being improved evidence of clinical efficacy and I'm wondering where that came from and what impact that's having because you know back in the day the pushback from Orthos was all about a lack of clinical proof here and so that sounds like a trend in the right direction.
Joseph Hogan: I first say you know not to be smartass during the things but we spent in a course of 20 years a $1 billion in trying to learn and accomplish significant predictable orthodontic movements and increasingly as you've seen our G-series, you know, from G3 all the up to G7, we just announced; we just improved that capability year in and year out. So I think depending on when you take, when you go back in history, many of the people in Nordic [ph] community, they have gone way up and they wanted their competence. And what's really critical or in general how you finish and they have confidence that they can really finish and what more we hear is that they have as much confidence in how this line can finish but they do it large. So I hope I'm answering your question?
Unidentified Analyst: No, that's right. No, I appreciate it. And don't worry, you're not being a smartass, I appreciate that. Second thing, you were early on Joe in this production shift, moving closer to end market even before the election result made it sort of a headline issue; but given all of the comments that you made about how much you've invested in [indiscernible] and high tech it is; what are you learning about the shifting to other countries now that you're actually in the process of doing it in Asia and Europe; what have you learned? What's the price, if any?
Joseph Hogan: You know, honestly Jeff, I've done this is in other businesses I've been in the moving products and facilities in some locations to others and I'd say over learning here is what I've seen in other areas. One is, you never been just transfer production unit to unit, it's going to be different and have to reflect culture and where you're moving to. So if you look at APAC, we'll probably look at different types of automation in different aspects of that plan because as you know there is a difference than what you have from a labor standpoint in Mexico to do that. I think we're learning that our infrastructure is really a challenge in the sense of the IT piece and I have to have much more flexibility to be able to handle these things and when you get away from a unitary spot and you move to a broader area. But you also understand from our customers, you see the excitement from our customers knowing that things like ClinCheck, or to get closer to with China because we have many interactions for Mandarin, you know, the fact that English that goes between Costa Rica and China and different part of APAC; great excitement from our customer base to really improve that efficiency and to have more of a regional -- kind of a cultural aspect to the business. So those three things aren't a surprise to me but what I really love is how much customers embraced it. And we have flexibility in the sense of how we manufacture products and how we do things in that whole value chain that we talked about between OA and clinical IT and also the fact for using -- disassemble and reassemble those change around these areas to make it better for our customer base and that's a great thing about them.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks so much.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Jeff. Well, thank you everyone. This concludes our conference call. We appreciate you taking the time today. Look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences including Leerink and ROTH, as well as the Chicago Midwinter Dental Show at the end of February. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Investor Relations.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc. Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc. David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.
Analysts: Steven J. Valiquette - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Align Technology, Inc. Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Shirley Stacy, VP, Corporate and Investor Communications. Thank you, Ms. Stacy. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me from today's conference call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; David White, CFO; and John Morici, incoming CFO. We issued third quarter 2016 financial results today via Marketwired, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on November 21. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13646649 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlooks and the expected financial results for the fourth quarter of 2016. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our third quarter conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today in conjunction with our Q3 earnings announcement, we also announced the retirement of David White, who will step down as CFO on November 10. David's been a key contributor to our business growth over the past three years and the board and I want to thank David for his dedication and wish him the best in his retirement. We're fortunate that David will stay on with the company through February 2017 to work on certain planning and ERP implementation projects and ensure a smooth transition with his successor, John Morici. I'm pleased to have John join Align and here with us today on this call. I've known and respected John for years. I've watched him grow and kept up with his career for over 16 years and have a huge amount of confidence in him. John is an experienced CFO and General Manager who can partner with me and the leadership team to accelerate progress. He has financial experience across several large dynamic companies including Abbott Labs, GE, NBCUniversal, so he can scale with the growth we expect from Align in the upcoming years. John doesn't officially start until the November 10, so we won't make him answer any questions about the business, but he'll be happy to take a couple of your questions during Q&A about why he's so excited about joining Align. Let me now turn to our third quarter results. On our call today, I'll provide some financial highlights and then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, Clear Aligners and intraoral scanners. David will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points, and open up the call to questions. Q3 was a solid quarter with revenue, margin, and EPS each above the high-end of our guidance. Our results were driven by record Invisalign case volume, up 20.5% year-over-year, reflecting growth across all customer channels and geographies as well as continued demand for iTero scanners. The Q3 North American Clear Aligner volume was up slightly, 0.9% sequentially, consistent with historical Q2 to Q3 norms, and up 14.5% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, North American orthos were up, driven by teenage cases which increased 20% from Q2, and contributing to another record quarter for ortho utilization. This was offset by North America GP volumes which were down sequentially, primarily due to a seasonally slower period for GPs as well as weaker dental market. The GP channel remains challenging, particularly among low volume practices. On a year-over-year basis, North American ortho volume was strong and GP growth rate was solid, especially considering tougher 2015 comps. We believe North America still has a lot of headroom for growth as we continue to execute our strategic initiatives, including new products and technology innovation, evolving our go-to-market approach, and leveraging the TFM model that has been so successful in EMEA, and rolling out new Teen initiatives, including a new consumer campaign next year. In the GP market specifically, we're working to scale two very successful practice development programs led by key opinion leaders, increasing our focus on DSOs and large group practices. And in October, we began piloting Invisalign Go, our new product engineered specifically for GP dentists, with full commercial launch in the second half of 2017. Q3 Invisalign volume for international doctors was roughly flat, 0.5% sequential, driven by strong growth in Asia-Pacific offset by summer seasonality in EMEA, especially in Southern Europe where doctors and their patients typically take extended holidays. On a year-over-year basis, international Invisalign volume was up 33.8%, reflecting continued strong performance across both EMEA and APAC. In EMEA, Q3 volume was up 27% year-over-year, reflecting continued adoption of Invisalign in core markets like Spain and France as well as rapid growth from expansion into new country markets including Eastern Europe, Benelux, and Nordic regions. In Asia-Pacific, we had another record quarter with volumes up sequentially and up 44.3% year-over-year led by China and Japan. Most APAC country markets had record shipments including China, Japan, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Southeast Asia markets. In addition, we continue to see positive industry response at major events across the region, including the Guangdong (06:33) Ortho Society Meeting, one of the biggest in China. During Q3, we announced multiple innovations that enhance Invisalign treatment planning and predictability of treatment outcome. Invisalign G7, which we announced in October, builds on earlier Invisalign G-series releases with new features to fine-tune certain tooth movement and deliver excellent treatment outcomes that doctors expect, especially with Teen. We also announced ClinCheck Pro 5.0, which has new features that deliver an exceptional user experience and new visuals along with increased control for doctors during treatment planning. Finally, we are very excited to announce our new one-week wear recommendation for all Invisalign Teen and Full products. Based on the predictability of the Invisalign system and our experience as well as patient case data shared by our customers who have been prescribing weekly aligner changes, we believe that for most cases, one-week wear can deliver shorter treatment times for patients and greater efficiency for Invisalign practices. Turning to the Teen market, 162,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign over the past 12 months, an increase of 21% compared to the same 12-month period in 2015. For Q3, the total number of teenagers using Invisalign increased 19% sequentially and up 17.4% year-over-year driven by continued adoption worldwide. In Q3, we saw a strong uptick among teenagers using Invisalign outside the United States, up 36% year-over-year, with strong growth particularly from Asia-Pacific, which now accounts for 51% of the total international Teen cases. For North American orthos, Q3 Teen volume increased about 14%. It was lower than expected and not as robust as Q3 last year when we ran several Teen-specific promotions that drove incremental Teen volume. Q3 will serve as a good baseline as we head into next year where we intend to launch a major Teen program and a new direct-to-consumer campaign with greater investment in targeting teenagers more directly than ever have before. While we're pleased with our Q3 results, our incoming case receipts in North America were lower than expected. We believe case receipts were impacted primarily due to a weaker dental market for GPs as well as a lack of Teen promotional activity for orthos. Today, with more than a month into Q4, I'm pleased to report that our North America case receipts have since improved and the demand outlook appears solid. David will provide more details in his business outlook. Our integrated consumer marketing campaigns in North America, EMEA, and APAC leverage traditional paid media, search, digital marketing, PR and social media to engage consumers at every point in the consumer purchase journey. Consumer interest and demand for Invisalign treatment continues to grow. In Q3, we celebrated a major patient milestone and launched a global social media and advertising campaign to promote the London-based 4 millionth Invisalign patient. We promoted this milestone as a part of our partnership with Operation Smile with Align Technology donating $1 to Operation Smile for every public share of a photo of a person's smile on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram with a #4millionsmiles for a total donation of up to $1 million. The #4millionsmiles campaign has been a great success in driving region awareness of the Invisalign brand around the globe and with this hashtag being seen over 51 million times around the world. In North America, we saw positive gains in our consumer engagement and conversion metrics including web traffic conversion, doc locator searches and consumer opting for more information on treatment. In September, we partnered with the AAO at the start of New York City Fashion Week to highlight the best fashion accessory ever: a great smile as a result of Invisalign treatment. The Invisalign brand was a primary event sponsor and created an Invisalign lounge experience to showcase the power of a confident smile through Invisalign patient testimonials, iTero scans and consults with New York City area orthodontists. In EMEA, our consumer outreach focused primarily on our #4millionsmiles campaign and the launch of the patient experience program in the U.K. market. This program is aimed at helping Invisalign providers create an excellent patient experience and includes learning modules aimed at practice staff to help them discuss Invisalign treatment with prospective new patients. In Asia-Pacific, our consumer marketing campaigns are focused on demand generation in key markets including China, Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong and Japan. In China, for example, our big bang consumer outreach program has focused on consumer engagement through Invisalign providers and social media KOLs, or key opinion leaders. This campaign delivered a 380% year-over-year increase in consumer web traffic and is on track to deliver 150,000 lead generations behind this campaign. We'll also continue to see traction in our Australia Teen campaign. In Q3, our Scanner business revenues were up 35% sequentially and up 274% year-over-year, reflecting a record number of units shipped in the quarter, primarily in North America. Demand for the iTero Element scanner has stabilized. At the recent ADA meeting in Denver, we announced new software upgrades for our market-leading iTero Element Intraoral Scanner and Invisalign Outcome Simulator. Only iTero scanners provide an optimized Invisalign scanning and treatment experience that includes the enhanced Invisalign Outcome Simulator 4.0 application, now with Invisalign 3D Progress Tracking and Patient Simulation Sharing. The 3D Progress Tracking feature gives Invisalign providers the ability to compare a patient's new scan with a specific stage of ClinCheck treatment planned to visually assess and communicate Invisalign treatment progress with an easy-to-read color-coded tooth movement report that allows the doctors to know how each tooth is tracking. Use of the iTero scanners for Invisalign case submissions in place of PVS impressions continues to expand. The Q3 total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner worldwide increased 39.6%, which reflects a record 48.4% from North America and 22% from international doctors. While these scans are predominantly from our own iTero scanner, we're also seeing some uptake from 3M's True Def and Sirona's Omnicam scanners. We also completed the final validation process for 3Shape's TRIOS scanner, TRIOS Standard, TRIOS Color and TRIOS 3, in which Invisalign providers with a TRIOS scanner can now submit digital scans as part of the Invisalign case submissions. Now, I'll turn to the supply agreement we announced in July with SmileDirectClub for the emerging doctor-directed, at-home aligner market. Our agreement with SmileDirectClub is to manufacture non-Invisalign aligners for simple cases, which include up to 20 sets of aligners with no IPR attachments and are produced with an off-the-shelf polymer material. On October 15, we began accepting cases from SDC and subsequently started manufacturing aligners. We also recently implemented the Invisalign referral process for sending patients whose case falls outside the scope of the agreed upon SDC protocols to Invisalign providers and began scheduling Invisalign consultation appointments. While this is still early, we are pleased with our initial progress and remain excited about the untapped opportunity to help provide access to treatment for consumers who wouldn't otherwise seek orthodontic treatment. With that, I'll now turn the call over to David.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Joe. Let's review our third quarter financial results. Total company revenue for the third quarter was $278.6 million, up 3.4% from the prior quarter and up 34.2% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Third quarter Clear Aligner revenue of $243.7 million was flat sequentially, reflecting a slight increase in Clear Aligner volumes. Our year-over-year revenue growth of 22.9%, reflected Invisalign case volume growth across all customer channels and geographies as well as our price increase in international markets. Note that this past July marks a full year since we implemented the Additional Aligner policy, and therefore, our year-over-year comparisons no longer reflects the impact from this policy change. That said, our results still, however, reflect the impact from the grandfathered cases that were under the previous policy. Q3 ASPs were flat from Q2 at about $1,285, reflecting a slightly higher mix of Full and Teen product, the partial impact of the international price increase, which were offset by several factors including higher product discounts. On a year-over-year basis, Q3 ASPs were up $26 primarily due to a price increase this year, partially offset by higher product discounts. For the third quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 177,800 cases were flat sequentially reflecting growth from our North American orthos and APAC region offset by seasonality across North American GPs and the EMEA region. Year-over-year case volume growth was 20.5%, driven by growth across all regions. For North American orthodontists, Q3 Invisalign case volumes was up 3.8% sequentially and up 18.2% year-over-year. For North American GP dentists, case volume was down 2.7% sequentially and up 9.8% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was down 0.5% sequentially and up 33.8% year-over-year reflecting continued expansion of our customer base as well as increased utilization. Worldwide Invisalign utilization in Q3 was 5.0 cases per doctor, up from 4.7 in Q3 last year. North America ortho utilization was a record 11.1, up from 9.9 in the prior year. North America GP utilization was 3.0, slightly up from 2.9 in the prior year. And international utilization was 4.9, up from 4.6 cases per doctor in Q3 last year, driven primarily by increased utilization in EMEA. In Q3, we added 2,615 new Invisalign doctors worldwide, 1,300 of which were new North American doctors and 1,315 of which were new international doctors. This compares to 2,885 in Q2 and 2,260 in the same quarter last year. Our Scanner and Services revenues for the third quarter was $34.9 million, up 34.7% sequentially and up 273.7% year-over-year. Moving on to gross margin, third quarter overall gross margin was 75.1%, down 1.1 points sequentially and down 0.8 points year-over-year, both primarily attributable to a larger percentage of Scanner and Services revenue which carries a lower margin than Clear Aligner. Clear Aligner gross margin for the third quarter was 77.7%, down 0.9 points sequentially and down 1.1 point year-over-year. The sequential decrease was primarily driven by a higher number of aligners per case, partially offset by seasonally lower training. The year-over-year gross margin decrease was primarily driven by a higher number of aligners per case, partially offset by higher worldwide ASP. Q3 gross margin for our Scanner segment was a record 57.1%, up 3.5 points sequentially and 42.4 points year-over-year. Both the sequential and year-over-year increases in gross margin were primarily a result of higher ASPs and the lower manufacturing costs of our iTero Element scanner relative to its prior version. Q3 operating expenses were $147.1 million, up sequentially by $7 million or 5%, primarily due to payroll and other costs related to increased head count, higher depreciation as we started to depreciate our newly-implemented ERP system, as well as post go-live support costs, but those should be decreasing over the short-term. On a year-over-year basis, Q3 operating expenses were up $27.6 million or 23.1%, reflecting increased head count and continued investment in our go-to-market activities incidental to the growth of the business. Our third quarter operating margin was 22.3%, down 1.9 points sequentially and up 4 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating margin relates primarily to slightly lower Clear Aligner gross margins, a higher mix of Scanner revenue, which while I mentioned achieved record performance, carries a lower gross margin, as well as higher operating expenses. On a year-over-year basis, increased operating margin primarily reflects lower operating expenses as a percentage of revenue due to volume leverage achieved on our year-over-year growth. With regards to our third quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 18.4% compared to 23.2% in Q2 2016. Our Q3 tax rate was lower by approximately 5 points due to a one-time benefit from our new international corporate structure, which we implemented in conjunction with our ERP. Commencing in the third quarter, we also began including our relationships with SmileDirectClub in our reported results. While we didn't actually commence shipping product to them until the current quarter, our equity investment in SDC requires that we report our proportionate share of their losses. Our share of that loss is reported below operating margin and our tax provision and is entitled equity in losses of investee. This Q3 loss net of tax was approximately $0.5 million. Third quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.63 compared to $0.62 reported in Q2 and $0.34 reported in the same quarter last year. Moving on to the balance sheet, for the third quarter, our accounts receivable balance was $245 million, up approximately 27% sequentially. Our overall DSO was 78 days, up 14 days sequentially and year-over-year as a result of our new ERP system and other related systems that impacted the timing of some of our customer collections. We would anticipate that our DSOs will remain above our historical average for several quarters as we work through these changes. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $17.3 million, primarily related to equipment purchases to expand our manufacturing capacity in Jurez, Mexico, and to a lesser extent our ERP implementation. Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $59.8 million, and free cash flow for the third quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $42.5 million. During the quarter, we concluded our previously announced $50 million accelerated stock repurchase with final delivery of 143,310 shares and purchased an additional 88,000 shares amounting to $8.2 million in open market repurchases. These repurchases were collectively part of a three-year $300 million stock repurchase program announced on April 23, 2014. In addition to the April 2014 repurchase plan, Align also announced on April 28 of this year a new plan to repurchase up to an additional $300 million of the company's stock. There remains approximately $341.8 million available for repurchases under these two existing stock repurchase authorizations. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short and long term investments, were $675.8 million. This compares to $678.7 million at the end of 2015, a decrease of approximately $2.9 million. Of our $675.8 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $288.3 million was held by the U.S. and $387.5 million was held by our international entities. Our U.S. balances were up $107 million quarter-over-quarter, of which $147 million was contributed a result of implementing our new international corporate structure, which was then reduced by our investment in SDC of about $47 million. As of September 30, 2016, the balance of our equity method investments for SmileDirectClub was $46.3 million. With that, let's now turn to our business outlook and the factors that inform our view. Starting with the demand outlook, as Joe mentioned in his comments, our incoming case receipts in North America in Q3 were slower than we had originally anticipated, and given in our targeted turnaround time to our customers, we shipped much of our backlog as of quarter end. Since then, our case receipts in North America have improved and returned to a year-over-year growth rate early in the quarter that is well ahead of both our second and third quarter performance. As such, our outlook for Q4 appears solid. However, lower Q3 case receipts and less backlog will dampen our Q4 shipment growth rate as our backlog begins to naturally return to normal levels. As such, our Q4 guidance reflects this impact. On a longer term basis, we remain confident that our Invisalign revenue growth on a full year basis will be within the upper half of our long-term model range of 15% to 25%. With that backdrop, for our international markets, Invisalign demand remains strong and we would expect Invisalign volume in Q4 to be up sequentially driven by growth in EMEA coming off a seasonally slower summer period. APAC is usually seasonally down sequentially coming off a strong summer. For North America, we would expect North America Invisalign volumes in Q4 to be flat primarily as a result of the factors I just described. For our Scanner business, we expect scanner shipments to be up sequentially as the iTero Element continues to penetrate the market. With this as a backdrop, we expect the fourth quarter to shape up as follows: Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 182,500 cases to 184,500 cases, up approximately 15% over the same period a year ago, reflecting continued strong growth from international but muted by the factors just described. We expect Q4 net revenues to be in the range of $289.2 million to $293.9 million, an increase of 27.6% year-over-year and well above our long-term target of 15% to 25%. We expect Q4 gross margin to be in the range of 74.7% to 75.1%, essentially flat sequentially, primarily due to an increased mix of Scanner business and lower margins and slightly lower Clear Aligner ASPs. We expect Q4 operating expenses to be in the range of $149.6 million to $150.6 million, up quarter over quarter primarily due to increased head count, offset by seasonally less advertising and lower ERP post go-live support cost. Q4 operating margin should increase sequentially and be in the range of 23.0% to 23.9%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 22%. We estimate the Q4 impact of the SmileDirectClub transaction will reduce diluted EPS by less than $0.01 per share. And diluted shares outstanding should be approximately 81.5 million shares exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q4 diluted EPS to be in a range of $0.64 to $0.67. Before I turn the call back over to Joe, I want to say a few things about my decision to retire and spend more time with my family. This is something my wife, Nikki (27:20) and I have thought about and planned for some time and communicated to Joe. This timing has afforded Joe and the board time to find a replacement for me before I step down. I want to thank many of you who I've worked with and come to know well over the past few years. It has been a pleasure working for such a great company, and I feel honored to have been a part of history in the making as we transform and modernize the orthodontic industry. But it's not time to say good-bye just yet. Although John will start this week and I will hand over formal CFO responsibilities immediately, I will work closely with him in the coming months, and you will see us together at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings. Until then, let's turn the time to Joe for his closing comments and then open the call up for your questions.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, David. Overall, I'm pleased with our Q3 results, especially the continued strength from our EMEA and APAC region. Notwithstanding weaker-than-expected North America case receipts in Q3, our business remains solid and on track. Based on the high end of our Q4 guidance, the implied full-year results will be significantly higher than our original outlook provided in January with 28% revenue growth, 20% Clear Aligner volume growth, and 23% operating margins. We have a huge opportunity in front of us to replace wires and brackets and transform the orthodontic market. As we continue to execute on our strategic plans, I'm confident in our ability to outpace the market and achieve revenue growth for 2016 and beyond at the upper end of our target of 15% to 25%. Looking forward to following up with many of you in the coming weeks at various conferences and industry meeting. I'll now open the call to your questions. Operator?
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah, hi. This is Jack (29:33) on for Steve. Just a question looking at the trends in the business. Clearly, the Scanner business is doing very well. The Aligner franchise not going quite as strongly as we thought into 4Q, obviously with some of the weakness in North America. But I'm wondering if there's anything going on with the sales force and if there's a bandwidth issue at all there with Scanners drawing so much attention? Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Jack (29:59), it's Joe. I'd say the definitive answer to your question is absolutely not. We obviously watch that closely to make sure that we primarily focus on where the focus needs to be by sales rep. And I'd also just take a difference with your initial comment as I think the overall Aligner market continues to be strong. We had little bit of a speed bump in third quarter from an order standpoint. It's mainly GPs, low-submitting GPs that we've talked about before. But overall, in the forecast that we've given you for fourth quarter and fortunately given the timing of the call today, we get a good clear October look. We're very confident to be on the upper-end of our 15% to 25% revenue growth that we've been indicating over the last 18 months or so.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. That's good. And just on the one-week aligner policy that you introduced about a month ago, just curious what doctor uptake has been like so far, and how quickly you might expect that to start to become the norm? And I'll hop back in the queue. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, as we mentioned in the release, many doctors were already experimenting or were actually utilizing one-week wear, not just in North America but all over the world. So many are just continuing with what they were doing. Overall, we've had a very positive response. Again, we leave this in the doctor's hands. There are some cases, we don't think majority of the cases at all they might have to move to two weeks at some point in time, but we feel by far the majority of our cases could go with one-week wear with a lot of confidence in the teens market also in the sense that their dentition being looser and being able to move more quickly. So we're not predicting an immediate surge in orders based on one-week wear, but we think it's just another aspect of our go-to-market that makes Invisalign very enticing for patients versus wire and brackets. Okay, Jack (31:53)?
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you.
Unknown Speaker: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Steven J. Valiquette - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. Congrats on these strong results.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Steve.
Steven J. Valiquette - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hey, so I guess just for us, you had a comment about the Q4 shipments growth rate and you're reflecting the backlog beginning to return to normal levels. Just curious to make sure that that should work itself through in the fourth quarter such that if the strong volume you saw in October carries over into early next year that we should mechanically then obviously see some improvement in the year-over-year growth as we go into early 2017. Is that the right way to think about that?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Steve, just to back up on it. Yeah, we expect that to stabilize in the fourth quarter. That's why we called the shipment rates that we've been calling for you too. If I interpreted the second part of your question is as we move into 2017, should we be on a stronger footing in the sense of a backlog, that's our plan.
Steven J. Valiquette - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay. So the backlog will not extend beyond one quarter, basically? That's what I was trying to clarify. So sorry for the poor wording the first time around, so.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Correct, Steve. It will naturally return to its nominal levels this quarter as our case volumes recover  case receipt volumes recover and as we're seeing early in the quarter so far.
Steven J. Valiquette - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay, got it. Okay. All right. Great. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon. Joe or David, as we think about the economic sensitivity of the Clear Aligner business, to what extent do you think we've seen any of that bleed over into the ortho channel? And not wanting to really split hairs here, but the EMEA growth slowed a little bit sequentially. To what extent, if at all, have you seen any I guess economic effects there in the core Western Europe market, if at all?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I'll let David join in on this too. I wouldn't call these any macroeconomic effects as far as what we're seeing right now. Your comment about bleeding over into ortho, we had record utilization rates in ortho, up significantly. I think it's 9.9% to 11.1% in the quarter. So it shows terrific continued growth in ortho utilization with our product line. So we feel broadly this is a GP blip. This has been talked about in the marketplace in the third quarter that we saw in North America across the board, not just with Invisalign but with the dental market in general. But, again, our October order rates indicate that we're on track with the kind of growth we experienced in the second quarter of this year. And we think that will continue to  go ahead.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah, Brandon, just to add a little color to that. When we look at our GP doctors by segment in terms of the case volume that they do, the doctors that are fully engaged with Invisalign have incorporated into their practices are typically less susceptible to softness in the market because their practice have been built really around  Invisalign has become such an integral part of their practice that they typically are on the offense in terms of business development. It's really more the lower-tier doctors that are still quite dabbling in Invisalign, haven't quite changed their practice flows and so forth. And so when we see an overall softening in the market, it tends to be those doctors that tend to be the first to pull back. And when we look at the Q3, that's precisely where we saw it, really those doctors that are at the lower volume levels.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Then one more for you, David. Through the operating cash flow and the DSO build in the period, why would it necessarily take several quarters for that to normalize?
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, I hope it won't. We had a very successful implementation in July. We did have some delays in invoicing a few customers, and we're working through those right now and expect to have those worked out. When we sell to 30,000-plus customers at a time, it doesn't take very many to influence that DSO. And one of the things with most customers is when a sales tax rate or a VAT rate is incorrect, you typically wind up having to rebill the customer at the correct VAT rate or sales tax rate and then the clock starts all over again. And so we're generally up against that issue right there and we think over the next couple quarters it will be behind us.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Sure, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. Two questions. The first one's got two parts, just one for Joe and David. So just to begin SDC, Joe, maybe if you can tell us what has been the Invisalign provider reaction to date? Anything surprised you on either the positive or negative side? And the second part of that question is for David. Anything on the 4Q 2016 revenue guidance on SDC? Since I believe, as you mentioned, they'll be shipping cases for the vast majority of the quarter. And then I've just got a quick follow up. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Jon, it's Joe. Look, I think honestly the provider reaction to this was anticipated. I think you picked it up in your analysis, too, with the 100 orthodontists or so that you do. Many orthodontists aren't happy with this. Many of them understand why we did it. I think they feel good about it not being Invisalign, that it's GX30 (37:52) and it's a lip roll kind of a system and not a gingiva cut. That it's just really a complete offtake of what the product that they were using before. Jon, so I think overall I haven't been surprised with the reaction. We haven't seen a response in the market that would be negative in some way. We're sitting here at the Ortho Summit, so we'll get on the ground feel here this week. But I would say overall good, because I think frankly there's an understanding in the marketplace of what we did and how we did this. That doesn't mean there's not a lot of passion about a doctor-directed kind of virtual model that exists out there. But we feel the response has been in line with what we had anticipated.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: And, Jon, to your second part of the question, really SDC didn't really impact any of our thinking as it relates to the Q4 guidance. When you look at our year-over-year growth that has been baked into our guidance, it really comes to two factors: one, which has to do with a renormalization of our backlog, if you call it that, coming off of Q3, a weaker case receipts; and then secondly, when you look at a year ago, Q4 of 2015, that quarter was up 25% year-over-year and up 9% quarter-over-quarter. And so it was just a rock-solid quarter for us. And so I think when you look at the compare quarter-over-quarter, I think you're seeing a comp there that's also having some bearing on it.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. I'll follow up with you offline on that one, David. I guess I'm just wondering if you're recognizing revenue from shipping out the aligners, but I'll follow up with you offline on that one. The other one  just hate to burn one on Cadent, but I do think it's important. Just for 2017, Joe, how do we think about the scanner? And I'm just asking because it's a very different business than Invisalign, it's capital and you're coming off a big upgrade with Element. So just when we look at 2017, up, down, flat, specific to the Cadent business? Thanks, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: 2017, Jon, just to be clear, up. I'm not going to give you a percentage, but it will be up. I think you can see with our announcement with our simulator product and things that we're putting together, this scanner's really important for us in the sense of how we go to market with the orthos but particularly with GPs also. So think about that Scanner business as going up. Don't think of the margin being as dilutive as what we had talked about before as you put that in the model. Just think of it being almost equal to Invisalign in that sense. I'm going to let David backtrack here on the SDC fourth quarter piece and next year so we can just clear that up now with you, Jon. Okay?
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. So back to that question, Jon, on SDC, very minimal revenue in our outlook this quarter for SDC. We really just got off, started in the middle of October. We're taking this very slowly as we integrate into their practice. So really a minimal consideration in the revenue guidance we gave for Q4. Very small. Going back to the Scanner, I just want to highlight one other thing about our Scanner business. There's two components to that business, one of which has to do with the sale of the hardware itself, the equipment, but then secondly the ongoing revenue that we recognize associated with maintenance and subscriptions and so forth. That revenue grows in proportion to our installed base, and as you've seen this year, our Scanner growth rate from a unit standpoint is quite significant. So the installed base is building actually quite nicely. And so that's going to form a nice foundation I think for the Scanner business going into 2017.
Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: All right, Jon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. Joe, maybe following up on Jon's question, any other 2017 comments that you'd care to give us? You are certainly coming up against some very tough comps in terms of the Invisalign unit growth. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: John, I prefer not to give any more 2017 comments, but I think you can tell from my comments we're optimistic about 2017. We'll leave this year I mean obviously above guidance of what we gave you in 2016. Our international growth has been tremendous. Our ortho utilization numbers are good. Coming up next year we have several programs with GP in North America that we think will address some of the weakness that we've experienced. Invisalign Go that we've put in place is a big one, some of our key opinion leaders and how they go about the GP market right now has really been incredibly successful. Our TFM model that we're employing here in the United States not just in the ortho channel but the GP channel also, also gives us confidence that we can maintain that kind of momentum. But outside of that, I don't care to talk about any numbers and specifics, John.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then just one other follow-up in terms of your comments about the slower incoming case receipts. When did you start to see that? We've heard other dental providers talking about slowdowns as early as June. Was that strictly in September? Or did you see it start earlier in the summer?
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: So, John, it really began showing itself up in early July, and at the time when we were seeing it, we were thinking it just might be early seasonality. Even though we know that Q3 is a seasonally weaker quarter for GPs, a seasonally stronger quarter for ortho, particularly Teens, weaker seasonally EMEA, et cetera, that seasonality tends to move. And so sometimes it'll show up earlier or later. So in early July, we thought it was more just simply an earlier seasonality, and what wound up happening was it wound up being more seasonally weak, you might say, across almost the entire quarter.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Newitter of Leerink Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking the questions. Joe, just maybe one more kind of on the go-forward view, without maybe giving specific additional guidance on 2017. Can you give us a little more color or at least some of the things we should be thinking about as we refine our models for 2017, what puts and takes should we be considering on the cost side, whether it's mix shift, just things to bear in mind as you anniversary the ERP? Can you walk us through some of the things just to think about there?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: No, not really. Richard, we appreciate you wanting to fill out your spreadsheet for next year. We're trying to give you as broad a guidance and positive guidance as we can. But to really start to nail those specifics wouldn't be in line with the kind of information we normally devolve.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. When we get to the January earnings call for reporting year-end results we'll be glad to throw some meat on the bones, so to speak, to kind of describe our outlook into the year. But suffice it to say at this point, I think Joe's comments earlier about revenue growth and so forth and our long-term range, et cetera should suffice.
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. And then maybe just  you put out there a confidence level to get to the kind of the upper part of your long-term range of 15% to 25%. Is that really just kind of the GP initiatives? Obviously some of the backlog normalizes, works itself out, but you are up against tougher comps this year. Should we just be thinking about that as really as these initiatives around kind of the GP segment? And then kind of marketing and new direct-to-consumer and Teen that are really kind of what give you the confidence there? Or is there something else? Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, I mean, we didn't have easy comps this year when you look at  we had easy comps on 2015 versus 2014. But this year we had a, Richard, pretty difficult comp even what David just referenced in the fourth quarter last year what a tough time we had. So look, I think when we talk about or when I talk about the GP focus that we're going to have, the international growth focus on teens next year, all those things are just to focus in areas where we develop products and systems over the course of last 18 months that go after those areas that historically have been some soft areas for us that maybe more unpredictable than they should have been. The rest of this business, the international parts, the ortho utilization piece, those things are going really well. Did we lose you? Richard, are you there?
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: Sorry, I was on mute. Yeah. No. Thanks. That's really helpful. And just maybe one last one. The difference between  what is GP Go do for you that kind of prior initiatives haven't in the past? Maybe just elaborate on that a little bit. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Richard, basically GPs don't want to be orthos. They haven't been trained in tooth movements and when you look at products like we have, like ClinCheck and our full case assessments and those things, they are, as much as we want to make them, they are very sophisticated products. It's almost like using 90% of PowerPoint, which most people can't. And so with GPs what we have to do is build their confidence in the sense that they can look at a case and quickly say, I can do this case and I can do it well for my patient or I can't, and just in a short kind of a statement that's what Invisalign Go is. You can scan that patient or take a photo of that patient, we'll quickly assess that, we'll tell that particular GP if they can actually handle that case. If they can, we can quickly work up a case assessment and give it to the customer while they're in the chair. It's a substantial difference than trying to in two days teach an ortho, I mean, a GP how to do ortho work, which is very difficult. We feel we can really integrate into a GP practice much more simply by making less complexity in a sense the way we do case assessments and the burden it would place on a GP to take that kind of burden. I hope that makes sense.
Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners LLC: It does. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good afternoon. Hey, Joe. How are you guys? Let me start just by saying, David, best of luck in retirement. It's been great working with you for the last three years or so. So best of luck going forward.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you, Jeff. Appreciate that.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. So, Joe, let me ask a couple of questions here. I mean, again, kind of like John I hate to burn a question on the Scanner business but it's been so strong here. You mentioned kind of that being up next year. If I look at your second half numbers here what's kind of implied in fourth quarter guidance and the third quarter strong result, it looks like you're up 50-some percent sequentially even first half to second half of this year. So not to pin you in a corner but kind of up year-over-year based off the 2016 base? Or do we keep seeing growth even off these low-$30 million numbers which are just well above what I think any of us were probably thinking they would be at this point?
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: I mean, growth over the 2016 base, Jeff.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): 2016 base. Yes. No. That's helpful and then, David, maybe a clarifying question on the margin side. You made comments in your prepared remarks about margins. I think you said gross margin is down a little bit year-over-year, next quarter, and you said that aligner ASP is down. You kind of made reference to some bigger promotions here in this quarter. I guess, I'm trying to figure out why aligner ASPs would be down in the fourth quarter if you've anniversaried through the additional aligner thing. Now you've got price increases. You also have the positive mix if the backlog on North America is a little lower than the OUS backlog I would think  or the OUS growth I would think would be helping ASPs next quarter, so just trying to reconcile margins being down next quarter  gross margins.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: Okay. So, for a couple of things, one, as it relates to Clear Aligner, our  well, more about ASPs, which will impact that. ASPs are affected by product mix, and our low stage products are very heavily concentrated or more so concentrated, you might say, from a mix standpoint in our EMEA region than the rest of our business. And so since Q3 was a seasonally weaker quarter for EMEA and Q4 is seasonally stronger, that mix of low stage product is going enter into the equation and is going to influence the ASPs this next year, it will go up. That mix is going to go up by 1 plus points quarter-over-quarter and that will have some bearing on it. And then secondly, you've got doctors  this is the end of the advantage period for many of our doctors, and so as those doctors begin to get close to or approximate the next tier of their pricing, they'll begin to see lower prices, even this year early as they're running towards that December 31 date. So those two things right there are bringing down the ASP and bringing down very, very modestly the gross margin at the same time.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right. That's helpful. And Joe, last question from me, I just want to make sure I understand clearly your comment on being in the upper half of that 15% to 25% range. I think you were talking Clear Aligners and you were saying get back to that by first quarter of 2017? Or is that just kind of a general comment getting back to that over the next few quarters?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, from an order rate standpoint, Jeff, we feel we'll be in that range in the fourth quarter. So as we move into the first quarter of next year, we feel that way and that is why I'm quoting, as you mentioned, Clear Aligners. This is not mixing Clear Aligners with the Scanner business.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. That's helpful. Thanks guys appreciate it.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: All right, Jeff. See you.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Operator, we'll take one more question, please?
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question, Mr. Jones.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for the questions, and David, yeah, congratulations on the retirement. John, look forward to working with you. I guess, Joe, just wanted to go back to something you had said about what you're seeing in case receipts quarter-to-date? Wanted to make sure I heard you correctly. It sounded like you're saying based on what you're seeing to-date you do expect to return to the type of growth, case growth that is, that we saw in 2Q as we move into next year? Wanted to be clear that, A, I heard you correctly. And B, are you talking specifically about North American GPs? Or was that a reference to overall North American expectation for case growth?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: The 20% that we're talking about is overall for the Clear Aligner business, is what we see right now in October for the entire business. We're seeing better North America performance than what we saw in the third quarter. I haven't specifically referenced if that was GP or ortho.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: And better than Q2 as well.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Better than Q2.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Better than Q2. Okay. Got it. And then I guess just on the international side, it does look like the 4Q guidance for international cases seems to imply a bit of a slowdown there on a year-over-year basis. Just wanted to see if you could comment on some of the factors at play, do you feel like you're reaching any kind of capacity constraints? Anything else as far as, how quickly you can go after that big international opportunity?
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: So Bob, our factory basically fabricates aligners on a first-in first-out basis and without really much respect for where those aligners come from. And so when we talk about our case receipts increasing this quarter and our backlog and factory WIP returning to a more normalized level, that cuts across all regions of our business. And so whatever dampening effect it has, it is across all regions. So that's part of the reason.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: On the case receipt side though, international is very strong and it continues to be strong. Nothing's really changed there on the case receipt side.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thank you Bob.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks Bob.
Operator: There are no further questions over the audio portion of the conference. I would now like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your time. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Investor Relations.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications & IR Joe Hogan - President, CEO & Director David White - CFO
Analysts: Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Sachin Kulkarni - Jefferies Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Jon Block - Stifel John Kreger - William Blair Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners Christopher Lewis - ROTH Capital Partners
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Align Technology Inc. Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, VP Corporate & Investor Communications. Please go ahead.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President & CEO; and David White, CFO. We issued second quarter 2016 financial results today via Marketwired, which is available on our Web site at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our Web site for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on August 11th. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13640324 followed by #. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the third quarter of 2016. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expresses no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We have posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our second quarter conference call slides on our webcast under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President & CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some financial highlights and then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, Invisalign Clear Aligners and Scanners. David will provide more detail on our financials and discuss our outlook for the third quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. Q2 was driven by a better than expected revenue due to continued strong year-over-year Invisalign volume across our customer base and record utilization. With International case volume up 38.3% and North America up 15.3%. We also had a continued strong demand for our iTero Element with record shipments this quarter, resulting in revenue growth of almost 200% year-over-year. For Q2 North America Clear Aligner volume was up 4% sequentially and 15% year-on-year on a sequential basis Q2 growth was driven by both our orthodontist and GP customers. Utilization among our orthodontist customers continued to increase and we reached record levels in both ortho and GP channels for a total of 10.7 cases per doc this quarter. On a year-over-year basis our Q2 volume growth rate continues to outpace our three year average driven by an increased ortho utilization, as well as expansion of our GP customer base. Q2 Invisalign volume for International doctors is up 17% sequentially and 38% year-over-year, continued strength reflects record International utilization driven by EMEA, as well as continued expansion of our customer base in APAC. We are also seeing increased use of Invisalign G5 for deep bite in EMEA as well as in our Invisalign G6 for extraction cases in APAC, both showing momentum in the quarter and nearly equaling the overall growth rate for each respective region. In EMEA Q2 volume was up 37% year-over-year led by Spain, France and the Netherland. Smaller country markets such as the Nordics and Eastern Europe also had strong year-over-year growth, although off a smaller base. Execution of our high touch TSM program is expanding our focused approach across all our markets in Europe and starting to deliver stronger growth. Our low states Lite denies seven products and continue to contribute incremental growth. In Asia Pacific record shipments in Q2 resulted in 42% growth year-over-year, growth is very strong again in China, Japan, South Asia and Taiwan. Q2 was a busy quarter for customer events that is more than 700 doctors and clinical staff attending our second annual Invisalign APAC Summit in Macao. In addition we had more than 500 orthodontists attend our country focused forum in China. We continue to ramp-up doctors training in APAC with particular focus on developing doctors in newer markets such as India, Korea and Taiwan. In fact more than 100 doctors in Taiwan were trained in June alone. In important teen segment the total number of Invisalign cases worldwide in Q2 increased 20% year-over-year reflecting continued adoption of Invisalign treatment for teenagers 11 and 19 years. We have definitely began to see an increase teen case starts in late Q2 as more teens go into treatment during the summer timeframe in North America. Teen volume grew 19% year-over-year among our North America orthodontists. In addition we continue to make progress internationally among teenagers where we had 35% year-over-year growth. In Q2 in APAC for example we held a teens forum for Australia and New Zealand markets where 200 doctors attended which was twice of what we expected. We also participated in a separate teens forum sponsored by the SWAN University on a 12 months basis 155,000 teens started orthodontic treatment with Invisalign with an average age of 15 years old. Our investments in the teen segment continue as discussed at our Investor Day last month. We are currently developing products that will stay in Invisalign applicability over the next two or three years enabling our doctors to treat more teen patients and address younger kids for the first time. Specifically we will preview a mandibular repositioning product for teen Class II corrections as well as our prototype parallel expansion used for Phase 1 treatment. With these additional offerings and features will give our doctors a complete set of clear and removeable appliances capable of any orthodontic treatment for patients of all ages. Our integrated consumer marketing campaigns in North America, EMEA and APAC leveraged traditional paid media, search digital, marketing, TR and social media to engage consumers at every point in the consumer purchase journey. Consumer interest and demand for Invisalign treatment continues to grow. North America, a key focus area for Q2 was sharing the stories of real patients that have used Invisalign treatment to improve their smile. These patient stories have driven high consumer engagement with 136,000 video views. New program launches included a partnership with Bravo TV on a network that reaches millions of woman who could benefit from Invisalign treatment. The Bravo integration via the Invisalign treatment into the story line of the hit show Odd Mom Out. In EMEA, we focused primarily on the real patient campaigning which continues to drive interest from Invisalign treatment online with Web visits growing 112% compared to the same period last year. In Asia Pacific, new consumer campaigns kicked off in China and Australia, New Zealand and programs continued in Hong Kong and Japan to drive consumer awareness and patient demand. In Q2, we are planning a big bang consumer campaign in China, which will leverage [Paris fashion week]. In Q2, our scanners business revenues were up 36% sequentially and up nearly 200% year-over-year, reflecting a record number of units shipped in the quarter. Demand of the iTero Elements scanner continues to expand fueled by primarily by North American customers. This past March we began shipping iTero Element to restore their workflows to customers who had pre-ordered and were awaiting the new iTero Element. In EMEA we received a record number of iTero contracts. And in APAC we received strong orders upon launching iTero Element at our Invisalign APAC Summit in May. We continue to work through the backlog of iTero Element Scanners, which remain at roughly six months lead time, as demand for our industry leading Intraoral scanners continue. Use of iTero Scanners for Invisalign cased emissions in place of [TDS] impressions continue to expand. For Q2, total Invisalign cases submitted with the digital scanner worldwide increased 37.4%, which reflects a record 46.4% from North America and 20.5% from international doctors. While these scans are predominantly from our iTero Scanner, we are also seeing some uptake from 3Ms True Def and Sirona's Omnicam, the other two third parties of digital scanners that are qualified for Invisalign case submission. Before I turn the call over to David for our financial review, I want to talk to you about a supplier agreement we announced today with SmileDirectClub for their doctor directed at home Aligner program for minor tooth movement. It feels that orthodontics and dentistry has changed tremendously in a few decades since Align Technology was founded. Many of the greatest changes we have been and continue to be driven mass customized Clear Aligners, 3D treatment planning and restorations, digital photography, XRAYS, scanning, laser therapy, practice management, software, mobile devices and this can go on-and-on. Technology has changed the demands of potential patients as well. The Internet, ecommerce and social media, if consumers access the more information and more options for every type of treatment and procedure including where and when they want it and that cost much lower than traditional options. We have been watching the intersection of these technology advances and changes in consumer behavior and particularly we have tracked the different approaches to at home teeth straightening with Clear Aligners. I am talking specifically about doctor directed treatment, shipped directly to consumers. Not consumers trying to treat themselves in a do it yourself fashion. The at-home model follows an established trend of direct to consumer ship to home option for eye glasses, contact lenses, hearing aids and more. Logically this type of at-home treatment in orthodontics is only possible with Clear Aligner. And as the leader in Clear Aligner technology we believe Align has to participate in and help shape this evolving market. The emerging leader in this market is now SmileDirectClub. Its a privately owned business based in Nashville, Tennessee, they were found in 2013 and are doing business in 49 out of 50 states so far. Potential patients can either visit a smile shop to get scanned, schedule an in-home scanning appointment or send them photos and impressions online to begin the evaluation process. SmileDirectClub offers a device first class Medi many treatments that includes up to 20 stages with no attachments and no iTR in their proximal reduction. Primarily full adults it is permanent injunctions they have a network remote licensed orthodontists and general practitioner dentist to evaluate review and approve the patient treatment and monitor progress of the case throughout treatment. In a separate release today we announced the supplier agreement with SmileDirectClub specifically Align will provide a digital case set up which is made available on SmileDirectClub smile check portal. A SmileDirectClub licensed orthodontist or a general dentist will review and approve the treatment and Align will then manufacture aligners and ship them directly to SmileDirectClub. These aligners will be manufactured per SmileDirectClub specifications which does not include attachments and iTR. To be clear this is not Invisalign, Invisalign brand and system of Clear Aligners will not be used for this kind of direct to consumer market. The Invisalign system requires in office doctor involvement throughout the course of treatment, while only be made available from an Invisalign provider. At Align we are investing nearly $100 million in R&D and marketing to further advance the science and technology for Invisalign brand. The most advanced Clear Aligners in the world. So our doctors could continue to achieve great outcomes for their patients. We will continue to path the innovation we have delivered over the last 20 years as per advance of science and technology through our Invisalign doctors with new products such as class III, teen class II morph and Phase 1 pilot expander that we indicated again recently in 20-F, that will be available in 2017. These types of Invisalign advancement will significantly increase the applicability of Invisalign Clear Aligners to our in office doctors. With the goal of our agreement with SmileDirectClub is to help expand the market and opportunity for Invisalign doctors while supporting SmileDirectClubs protocol as described. Which means we expect there to be little cannibalization of existing markets. In addition we are creating a new Invisalign doctor referral program similar to our Invisalign doc locater that will ensure that the 30% of SmileDirectClub potential patients that do not fit these protocols and who are interested in strengthening their teeth will be channeled back to existing Invisalign and office docs. The process will work like this, beginning in October we will create a new Invisalign doctor referral program much our like doc locator works today, consumers will request the smile check case assessment from SmileDirectClub, but whose case is outside of their treatment scope will be systematically referred to an Invisalign provider in the area. We believe this will provide incremental growth opportunities for Invisalign doctors by connecting them with new potential patients that would not have sought otherwise. The at-home direct to consumer market is growing rapidly and while still very small today we believe the incremental growth potential that this huge market represents is compelling, providing consumers who had very simple mild inclusions with access to more affordable treatment from the convenience of their own home is accelerating and will only expand the overall market for orthodontic treatment. With that, I'll now turn the call over to David.
David White: Thanks, Joe. Let's review our second quarter financial results. Revenue for the second quarter was $269.4 million, up 12.8% from the prior quarter, and up 28.6% from the corresponding quarter a year-ago. Second quarter Clear Aligner revenue of $243.4 million was up 10.8% sequentially, and up 21.2% year-over-year. The sequential revenue increase was primarily related to increased Clear Aligner volumes and to a lesser extent our price increase in North America. On a year-over-year comparative basis, the growth rate for both total revenue and Clear Aligner revenue was lower by approximately four points, related to the Additional Aligner policy change we implemented in July last year. Q2 ASPs were up sequentially from Q1, about $30, reflecting a price increase in the U.S. as well as favorable foreign exchange rates. Our year-over-year revenue growth reflected Invisalign case volume growth across all customer channels and geographies, as well as our price increase in North America and International. These increases were partially offset by lower ASPs, primarily related to the Additional Aligner policy change made last year. For the second quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 177,000 cases were up 8.1% sequentially, reflecting growth from both our international and North America customers. Year-over-year case volume growth was 22.4%, driven by growth across all regions. For North American orthodontist, Q2 Invisalign case volume was up 4.7% sequentially, reflecting higher adoption and utilization rates across the channel, and up 20% year-over-year. For North American GP dentist, case volume was up 3% sequentially and up roughly 10% year-over-year, reflecting continued solid performance from mid high volume GPs offset somewhat by our large base of oral volume GPs. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 16.8% sequentially and up 38.3% year-over-year, reflecting increased adaptors and utilization. Worldwide Invisalign utilization in Q2 was 5.1 cases per doctor, up from 4.6 in Q2 last year. North America ortho utilization was a record 10.7, up from 9.5 in the prior year. North America GP utilization was 3.1, up from 3.0 in the prior year. And international utilization was 5.0 also a record, up from 4.6 cases per doctor in Q2 last year, driven primarily by increased utilization in EMEA, which was a record 5.5 cases per doctor in Q2 compared to 4.8 cases a year ago. In Q2, we added 2,885 new Invisalign doctors worldwide, 1,125 of which were new North American doctors, and 1,760 of which were new international doctors. This compares to 2,470 in Q1 and 2,455 in the same quarter last year. Our Scanner & Services revenues for the second quarter were $26 million, up 36.3% sequentially and up almost 200% year-over-year. As Joe mentioned we began shipping the iTero Element for restore the workflow in Q2 and as a result almost half of the scanners shipped were for our GP customers who have been patiently waiting for their new iTero Element. We are pleased that demand for scanners continues to be strong as we continue keeping pace with shipments. Moving on to gross margin, second quarter overall gross margin was 76.2%, slightly better-than-expected, up 0.5 points sequentially and year-over-year. Clear Aligner gross margin for the second quarter was 78.6%, up 0.3 points both sequentially and year-over-year. The sequential increase was primarily driven by higher ASPs partially offset by seasonally higher training activity. The year-over-year gross margin increase primarily reflects the benefit from leverage of our fixed cost over higher case volumes, partially offset by lower ASPs as a result of the additional Aligner policy. Q2 gross margin for our Scanner segment was a record 53.6%, up 8.6 points sequentially and 38.6 points year-over-year. Both the sequential and year-over-year increases in gross margin were primarily a result of higher ASPs and the lower manufacturing cost of our iTero Element scanner. Q2 operating expenses were $140.1 million, up sequentially by $12.8 million or 10%, primarily due to a full quarter of employee compensation related cost such as annual wage increases, stock based compensation awards and new hires as well as go to market investments. Q2 operating expenses were lower however than our outlook due primarily to slower hiring and investments in sales territory coverage, same go-to-market activities that were delayed on the second half of the year and more ERP cost being capitalized and anticipated during the quarter. On a year-over-year basis, Q2 operating expenses were up $23.8 million or 20.4% reflecting increased headcount and continued investment in our go-to-market activities incidental to the growth of our business as well as our ERP implementation project. Our second quarter operating margin was 24.2% up 1.9 points sequentially and up 4 points year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating margin relates primarily to higher Clear Aligner volumes and higher gross margins overall. On a year-over-year basis, Q2 operating margin was impacted by 2.3 points from the Additional Aligner policy change. With regards to our second quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 23.2% compared to 23.4% in Q1 2016. Second quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.62 compared to $0.50 reported in Q1 and $0.39 reported in the same quarter last year. Moving on to the balance sheet, capital expenditures for the first quarter were $18.8 million, primarily relating to equipment purchases to expand our manufacturing capacity in Juarez, Mexico, and our ERP implementation. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $76.2 million and free cash flow for the second quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $57.3 million. During the quarter, as a part of our $300 million April 2014 stock repurchase program, we entered into an accelerated stock repurchase agreement, to purchase $50 million of our common stock. Under which we paid $50 million and received the initial delivery of approximately 0.5 million shares based on current market prices. The final delivery of shares is scheduled for October and the number of shares will be based on our volume weighted average stock price during the term of the ASR less on agreed upon discount. Upon completion of the ASR, we will commence the repurchase of $50 million of our common stock on the open market. These two options together will complete our April 2014 stock re-purchase program. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, included both short and long-term investments were $685 million, this compared to $678.7 million at the end of 2015, an increase of approximately $6.3 million. Lastly I wanted to comment on our ERP implementation, which went live the first week of July. Over the past year plus our team has worked very hard to ensure successful data migration and integration of new systems and processes. Overall our implementation went very smoothly. Given the magnitude of this process, and project we are continuing to monitor and trouble shoot potential issues but at this time believe we are past any potential for significant business disruption. We are pleased to have a foundation that enables new capabilities, improves our speed of execution and will be used to improve our customers experience. As part of this implementation, we also implemented a legal restructuring of our subsidiary relationships, which will return in access of $100 million of cash to the U.S. tax free in Q3. As Joe mentioned earlier, in October we will begin supplying aligners to SmileDirectClubs aligner program for minor tooth movements. As part of this transaction Align acquired a 17% stake in SmileDirectClub for $46.7 million and gained a seat on SmileDirectClubs Board of Directors. As a result of our equity holding in SmileDirectClub Align is required to account for this investment under the equity method of accounting. Thus Align will include a proportional share of SmileDirectClubs earnings or losses in its financial statements beginning July 25, 2016. Our financial results will reflect two components, commencing in October when we begin to supply aligners the sale of aligners to SmileDirectClub and the income there from under the supply agreement which will be reported in our Clear Aligner business segment. And in Q3 and going forward our portion of SmileDirectClubs reported profits and/or losses will be included in our operating expenses. We are excited about this incremental new market opportunity and the potential our Invisalign doctors to benefit from an untapped segment of consumers with minor malocclusion who want a better smile. We anticipate this relationship would be incremental to our top-line revenue and earnings in 2017. With that let's now turn to our business outlook and the factors that inform our view. Starting with the demand outlook, as we head into the summer months and busy teen season we expect to an increase of teen case starts, among our North America Orthos. Our North American GPs typically have a seasonally slower quarter in Q3. Overall we are expecting North America volumes to be seasonally down quarter-over-quarter. In our International markets our European doctors typically spend fewer days in the office due to summer vacations and extended holidays. Our Asia Pacific region continues to grow and is beginning to offset some of the seasonality we typically experience in our European countries. We therefore anticipate international Invisalign patients to be flat to sequentially up from Q2. For our scanner business we expect scanner shipments to be up sequentially as the iTero Element continues to penetrate the market. We estimate the Q3 impact of the SmileDirectClub transaction will reduce diluted EPS by less than $0.01 per share. With this as a backdrop, we expect the third quarter to shape up as follows, Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 174,200 to 176,900 cases, up approximately 18.1% to 19.9% over the same period a year ago. We expect Q3 net revenues to be in the range of $267.2 million to $273.5 million. We expect Q3 gross margin to be in the range of 74.4% to 74.8%, down sequentially, primarily due to increased mix of scanner business and continuous investment in international manufacturing expansion. We expect Q3 operating expenses to be in the range of $147.1 million to $148.1 million, up quarter-over-quarter primarily due to hiring. The late marketing investments as previously mentioned and higher ERP expenses as the cost of the last implementation phase called stabilization are not capitalized. Our Q3 operating margin should be in the range of 19.3% to 20.6%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 24.5% and diluted shares outstanding should be approximately 81.4 million, exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q3 diluted EPS to be in the range of $0.49 to $0.52. With that, I'll turn the time back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, David. Exciting time for Align Technology demand and adoption of our Invisalign system continues to expand across all of our regions and with each new Invisalign innovation, doctors are doing more and more with Clear Aligners and growing their practices. Today we announced a supply agreement with SmileDirectClub, who will provide access to Clear Aligner treatment to more consumers than before while providing Align with an incremental revenue opportunity and helping us to connect Invisalign providers with a new base of potential patients. Thanks for your time today. I'll now open the call for your questions, operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Jones: Most of the metrics in the quarter were ahead of your own guidance and then ahead of our expectations. I guess one exception relative to us at least was North American cases and in particular case growth with GPs so I guess I was just curious how does the 10% growth case in North American GP is compared with your own internal expectations, and then just related to that any view of what you can do or what you are doing that could reaccelerate growth in that group in the back half?
David White: Yes, Bob, David. So, if you look at our business in North America and you compare that growth relative to the last few years. If we feel like our North America business has really taken a nice uptick this year and starting last year with many of the investments we made, we think it's still strong on both the ortho and the GP side where we're continuing to see at record or near record utilization amongst those classes of doctors. We still are challenged when it comes to low stage doctors particularly the most emitting GPs who engage with us one quarter and then maybe dont engage in the next quarter, and so we struggle at times trying to reach those doctors and we continue to invest in various to go market strategies that will build engage them more fully with us but it does represent a challenge for us in terms of how we forecast those doctors in any particular quarter. The other thing I would just mention is that when you look at our comps particularly in second quarter year-over-year you will remember that Q2 a year ago we had, we were running an E5 and E10 promotion at that point in time, which were not running this year. And so when you look at last year, Q2, we had a very strong quarter from a case launch standpoint because of those promotions on those low stage products, as well as the fact that we had additional aligner program that was -- you might say an easier qualification mark for the doctors to qualify for. And when you look at those two, they have a bigger impact on our year-over-year volume, but certainly a lesser impact on a year-over-year revenue basis.
Robert Jones: Okay, that will make sense. And I guess just one on the SmileDirectClub agreement. And it sounds like you are saying it could be incremental to the P&L and in particular top-line next year. Anyway we could put a little bit more numbers around that, maybe how many members that they have today, how many do you anticipate will show up at Invisalign dentist offices, anything just directionally to help us as we think about layering that in, would be really helpful?
Joe Hogan: Hi Bob, it's Joe Hogan. You can tell by the announcement that that will start in October, well start shipping then. Its hard for us to really triangulate around what that might mean as we go into next year. But well give you as much transparency as possible when we come back for the third quarter earnings announcement.
Robert Jones: Fair enough, thanks so much.
Joe Hogan: Okay.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Willoughby from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Willoughby: Same line of questioning, I guess. Can you give us any sense of how much you think the SmileClub deal expands your total addressable market here? This looks previously untapped. Do you have a size of the overall opportunity?
Joe Hogan: Yes it's really hard for us to call the market. I mean when you look at the run rate right now of SmileDirectClub it's in the $50 million range. It has really been accelerating significantly over the last six months. So it's really difficult to quantify this market. You can also see by the statistics that we threw out, Rob did -- this is the market that we really haven't serviced. It's less than 2% overlap with our current business. It's something were learning a lot from Doug and David, the two key leaders in the business who know exactly how this works. So were excited about it. We think we can help. Well make a good partnership. Were also excited about how we feel it can help our business too in the sense of referrals back, theyre going through this protocol back to our Invisalign in-doc office business, so.
David White: But again this is brand new. It's hard for us to call it. And well give you more data as it becomes more apparent and as we move into the supply agreements in October.
Robert Willoughby: Maybe another factorial question around it though. If theyre kind of tracking along at a $50 million rate, I assume theyre losing a little bit of money on that. Is that a safe bet?
David White: Yes right now, I think theyll be cash flow positive next year sometime. So, this year theyll still burn again.
Robert Willoughby: And just how worse -- is there a liability if the treatment goes bad, that goes back to an orthodontist somewhere, correct? That does not come to you. And just the last one on SmileClub is there a bad debt number associated with the business?
David White: Ill take the later part. As it relates to the bad debt part, they have a very small cancellation rate amongst the people that are qualified. So, they go through a process where person identifies himself in having an interest in being treated. They are screened in multiple levels from both a photographer -- both from a photo standpoint as well as from a scan or an impression. And assuming the person passes their protocols and is capable of being treated, they have a very small cancellation at that point in time.
Joe Hogan: And Rob on the question as you had about, from a liability standpoint. Remember were the supplier of these aligners. We are -- FCC will sell them to the customer base. We do as per their specifications. Our job is to make the cleanest best aligners we can based on those specifications. FCC obviously makes the transfer, and something like that. We have liability. And we think were all doing a lot too there we have the deepest pockets they are going to have some issues too, but I think from a liability standpoint, I think it's shared in that sense that I'll ask Roger to make a comment on this.
Roger George: Hi, it is Roger George, General Counsel. The doctor is writing the prescription and then treating the patient, so that is where they start. That's our common model.
Operator: The next question comes from Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sachin Kulkarni: Hi, it is Sachin in for Brandon. David if we look back four years ago, 3Q12 was on the very few periods historically that Aligner has come short of its revenue guidance. And at that time, you pointed to noise around Olympics as well as the pullback in advertising activity because of the event, so I am curious did you apply an extra dose of conservatism or not with respect to your initial 3Q guidance with upcoming Olympic and for which extent did you consider that factor if at all?
David White: Well, I wasnt here four years ago, but I think thats an interesting cause well I havent heard that one before since I have been here. I can tell you as it relates to our Q3 guidance that we have given today that didnt enter into our thinking at all. And we basically approach our guidance the way we typically approach it, looking at the strength of the prior quarter, the doctor engagements, et cetera. And that particular factor wasnt considered.
Sachin Kulkarni: And also could you walk us through impact of the anniversarying of the aligner policy change in the second half on both the revenues and the P&L?
David White: So, it continues to be a drag on earnings and it will be drag on earnings for as we said a year ago, for at least a couple of years as we work off those grandfathered cases. But starting in Q3, however, it won't be a drag on a year-over-year compare because Q3 2015 was the first quarter in which we actually implemented that policy. So, I think those -- we won't talk about it necessarily so much on a year-over-year basis, but it still will be a drag to some extent.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Steve Beuchaw: Just a two couple of little household housekeeping items, the ERP, I mean once we get to fourth quarter, can you give us a sense for what the swing is on OpEx between say 3Q and 4Q just for underlying purposes once we get past that ramp?
David White: Yes. So, Steve, its going to be a little bit up in Q2, about a little bit less than a couple of million dollars, primarily as I indicated in my comments that, the stabilization phase is not capitalizable. So, thats an uptick in Q3 and when we get to Q4, we would expect that principally to reverse itself almost dollar for dollar as those costs begin to drop off.
Steve Beuchaw: And then just one Joe sort of reflecting back on your prepared remarks, probably the most positive I have heard you in your tone around third-party scanners and their contribution, I wonder if you could just expand upon that, I mean what is it you're saying there that is incremental here and could you give us a sense for where you think volumes are headed there? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Steve, I think my enthusiasm is around just the scanners in general when you see the percent of scanner are getting right now, they come into organization approaching 50%. I mean it is a lot to us from a quality standpoint and how we can build our customer base, so I think I interpreted my enthusiasm more around just the scanning piece than it is third-party or whatever. Our scanning business obviously is having a really good year and we are expecting it to have a very strong this year too, and it's not just selling scanners, it's just what it does it reinforces from a customer base standpoint, both through GPs and Orthos, and just makes things easier for us. And it gives a wonderful platform in the sense to use that scanner for additional products, making things easier for our customer base. As far as the third party piece, as shown in 3M or whatever, we're just seeing continued growth of those. There is nothing I would say that that's entotic about it. But it's just good strong linear growth going forward. And so that's helpful also.
Steve Beuchaw: Thanks everyone.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Block of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jon Block: I might have a two or three. And numbers look really good. So I'm actually going to focus on the FCC deal that you announced. The first one Joe, I'm still a little confused. You mentioned 1% or 2% cannibalized. But when I look at your cases and sort of lean on the Analyst Day, spread seems to be 15% plus. So can you sort of walk us through numbers, or rectify them. Why Express 15 plus, you are cannibalizing one and two. Is that just because of the lack of attachments in the ITR?
Joe Hogan: Hi Jon it is Joe. When you look at there is different protocols on this and so it's not just a number of aligners. It's whats done. So just from an overall standpoint, remember there is no ITR as it's been on these, there is no attachments and obviously on E5 you wouldnt have attachments, but E10 you do sometimes. Secondly is, it's not directly it doesnt move lower. They are basically moving so-so swiftly, and theyre moving with different velocity and different rates. And when you add that all up, it really comes after to as a very small overlap on that piece. Now your question has to do with our Express line. I think those overlaps are like 4% on E10, 8% on E5. When you are running against our whole portfolio, that's where you get less than 2% to the whole thing. So, we have a track pretty well. We know this well. That's why we're confident about the minimum amount of cannibalization we would expect as we go into market.
Jon Block: Okay. And maybe, can you give any details on what you are going to ship aligners to FCC in terms of the cost that they dont pay on the revenue that you will recognize on those aligners?
Joe Hogan: So we have not disclosed, Jon, the pricing of those aligners. What we have disclosed is that the pricing is dependent upon volume discounts. And as their business ramps, they will earn lower pricing. But when you look at it on an incremental basis, we priced it basically on a pro-liner basis. We believe it's going to be accretive to the Company, both from a revenue standpoint as well as from an operating margin standpoint.
Jon Block: So, I get that, and accretive to you guys. But is it going to be dilutive to your customers, and thats maybe my final question, and then I have got more and I'll take them offline. But that's what I'm having a really hard time here with is. Joe you came in and you did such a great job, sort of walking off to the customers, shaking hands and eliminating the main point of friction with the additional aligner policy. And it seems like to me, is this a risk that you just sort of bring back in a main point of friction, because you are going to have a subset of docs who believe they are Express business in some other cases are now being pointed to that whole business? Thank you, guys.
Joe Hogan: Jon, it's a fair question. And obviously it was something we strategically had to wrestle with inside the Company as we work with SmileDirectClub. But I think you can see that as we work through this, when you looked at, we keep the Invisalign product within SmartTrack, SmartStage, all the pieces of that, Invisalign brand name, all that stages at doctor's office. And also see this is EX30 it is basic dental materials thats been out there for years.  There is no ginger of a cut straight rail system it's going to a group where we feel demographics that are a lot more concerned with convenience and cost. And then when we ran those protocols that we just talked about and showed the less than 2% would be an issue for us from a cannibalization standpoint. And I make stat Jon honestly with when you look at what's going to on overall in the market place right now with direct to consumer, you just saw the thing with Dollar Shave Club and what Unilever had to pay for that company, because they were late to that game.  I really felt that for a lot of reasons both from an offensive standpoint and a new market standpoint, that this would be balanced well with concerns from a customer base. And we will do our best to ensure our customer base if this isnt intended that way. And we'll work as best to see to continue to target the demographic that they have been targeting and being successful with.
Jon Block: Alright. Thanks for your time guys.
Joe Hogan: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from John Kreger of William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger: Hi thanks very much, I had a CapEx question. I think at Analyst Day you talked about over the next few years moving both planning and our fabrication to Europe and Asia, can you just remind us the timing of that and if we should assume any sort of a step up in CapEx to do it and when you layer the volume of SmileDirect on, will that prompt any sort of retrofitting anywhere else?
Joe Hogan: So John, we have actually begun some of the activities incidental to expanding our pace of international operating activities. So as an example, we established in Europe a base where doctors who are submitting physical impressions, can send them to a European address to have them scanned. Those are sending them all the way to Juarez. So we have implemented that. And so you've seen, there has been some CapEx associated with that and there has been some operating expenses for starting that activity up.  We have also begun looking at establishing some treat capacity in some of our regions and begun piloting some of that with small numbers of people and experimenting with how those work flows might work. As it relates to a bigger piece which would be doing Aligner Fabrication, that is still further add to the future, 2017 plus. And so, we will begin to see some of that now. And when you look at our gross margins actually for guidance in Q3, there is a little of an impact from that. As far as CapEx standpoint is concerned, STC won't really impact that very significantly. Their volume is relative to our, volumes are still very modest. And we wouldnt expect the uptick to be meaningful. As it relates to the rest of our business, probably for the next two years or so, I think as that infrastructure begins getting placed geographically, we would probably see a little bit higher CapEx than what we normally experience. And that at which point as those operating are established and the brick and mortars up, we would probably expect CapEx return to kind of a nominal rate we saw historically.
John Kreger: Great thanks and just one more, Joe, stepping back if you think about your opportunity with that Clear Aligners, the bigger opportunity which seem to be teens, but that tends to have a little bit lower volume growth for you, what do you think you need to do to get teen growth equal to or outpacing your adult case lines?
Joe Hogan: Yes I think, at our Investors Meeting recently in New York, I think we laid that out pretty well. When you look at first of all from an R&D standpoint. China moved from a chronological standpoint backward to the pilot expansion and main digital expansion kind of devices that we announced that we'll have in the marketplace in 2017 is one part of that. Secondly is a sense of how we go to consumers and how we communicate Invisalign capability to the consumer base. Honestly, a lot of our approach to that marketplace over the years has been primarily through our results and thats all demographic. And we feel pretty strongly as we move into next year, were going to have to - really there is two sides this equation. As you look at the three people involved normally in teens, you have a father, you have a mother, and then youre going to have the teen and then you also have a doctor. We found that overtime you get to win two out of three. And I think often we win the one with teen we lose the mom, or we lose the doc. And so were working on both ends hard from an advertising standpoint to make sure we do better in working with our docs in the sense of our teen capability and expanding it coming forward. And then secondly is to get to the mom in a much better way, particularly around compliance, a lot of mothers or fathers have concerns of their teens really were aware of the amount of time thats needed to properly move the teen. We found out through over the years that actually teens are more compliant than adults. And so were very confident. And frankly the dentition and teen are really helpful in the sense of how loose the dentition is and how fast we can actually move teen teeth. So, as we speak, were working hard in a sense of how were going to approach teens next year. Its a great question, because it is obviously 75% of the marketplace, and its one that we have not obviously penetrated thoroughly. And I think we can make some really good progress in the next year.
David White: Hi John just to add a little bit color to Joes comments there. If you look at our teen growth, our teen growth is still north of 20% year-over-year, which we think is really outstanding in a market thats only growing 3% to 4%. You know that share that were taking away from large in brackets. And I think when you look at the 20% it made a lag our overall growth as a company by maybe a point or two. But I think some of that is largely attributable to the fact that our international business is growing faster than what were growing here in North America.  And their business is more dominated by treatment of adults. So as our international business has been growing at those faster rates, it had somewhat of a dilutive impact on our overall teen growth, because our teen is more dominated here in the U.S. So we still feel like that the teen business is growing great and still feel like weve got plenty of opportunities still headed of us there.
John Kreger: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Richard Newitter of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Richard Newitter: Hi thanks for taking the question. Just going back to the CDC, Im curious if you could characterize for us the type of customer or consumer that just the lead generation aspect to the type of customer or consumer thats going to SmileDirect and how will that compares to who is learning or coming to Fair Aligners through your Web site. Did you do any research, or do you have any information there about kind of the types, who were just getting this type of products versus traditionally who goes through the doc locater and traditionally on your align channel?
Joe Hogan: You know I could day that we dont have exhaustive data on that. I mean what SmileDirectClub has shared with us. the demographic end tend to be heavily weighted toward women versus men, which we see in our demographics too. But these are people that are really often millennials. The convenience is really important to them. If they have a certain want, from a freedom standpoint as such that visiting doctors' offices, there is obviously a price point here too that's something simple in the sense of what they want to move from inclusion standpoint. So it's not necessarily a gender difference from what we've done or an age difference, but it's a preference difference in the sense of how people want to engage from what we can see so far.
Richard Newitter: Okay and then maybe just turning one financial one, on gross margin, I think you said that you have some manufacturing start up cost for you APAC kind of initiatives there bringing manufacturing closer to that part of the world, that's going to impact the step down in gross margin in third quarter. Can you just give us a sense as to whether or not that is kind of finite nature or should we kind of think of that as kind of a go forward kind of gross margin rate for future quarters modeling or how should we think about that? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Yes, I would say it's probably more of a go forward rate, but let me give you a little bit more color to that, because I was answering that question in the context of a CapEx discussion. When you actually look at the biggest impact on gross margins and the fact that they are declining just slightly quarter-over-quarter, the biggest impact is from our scanner business, which has a gross margin that is in the low 50s. And as that business is growing more than doubling on year-over-year basis, it's having a little bit more of a dilutive impact on overall gross margins. But I would say that the guidance we've given for Q3 is probably the best guidance we could give you on a more going forward basis as well.
Richard Newitter: Okay, thanks. And if I could squeeze one more in. I believe you said you had the G6 product launching in the U.S., so you had anticipated that, I was just wondering any initial feedback there and how that launch is going assuming it's already happened?
Joe Hogan: We've launched G6 in the U.S. G6 functions well. I mean we have good feedback on it, but honestly when you look at the demographics again of this, it moves to Asian, because extraction cases in Asia are way over board in a sense of number of cases they see. So It's being used in North America, it's been successful, it's growing in that sense, but predominantly it's been an APAC product.
Richard Newitter: Thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Rich. Operator, we will take one last question, please.
Operator: Okay, the last question today comes from Chris Lewis of ROTH Capital Partners. Please go ahead.
Christopher Lewis: Hey guys thanks for squeezing me in. 
Shirley Stacy: Hi Chris.
Christopher Lewis: I guess first just on North American price increase, can you quantify what the increase was on the timing of that and the rest of just what you've seen since you have implemented that pricing strategy?
Joe Hogan: Yes, the price increase was effective April 1, so we saw just a partial impact of that in the second quarter. The magnitude of the price increase vary depending upon the products that are primarily applied to our full stage products and varied anywhere from $50 to I think $70 to $80.
Christopher Lewis: Okay got it, so it's reasonable to assume that at least in North America ASP trend up in the third quarter from second quarter?
Joe Hogan: From a revenue standpoint, yes. There are other factors however though when you go into the third quarter, because typically we have more promotion activity going on in the third quarter particularly for teens, but holding that aside, you are right.
Christopher Lewis: Understood, and then just turning to actuarial element, understands it's going to increase sequentially. Are you still working through the backlog there and if so when do you think that will be kind of more on a normalized basis. I guess I'm looking beyond the third quarter and just kind of trying to gauge where sales go post to 3Q? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: So, I think one of the things we've been very fortunate where this that, demand that we saw and post the announcement of the product in March of 2015 has continued to almost outpace our ability to deliver. And so weve had a very good first half of the year with orders maintain that backlog in spite of our increased efforts to get ahead of it. We would expect that more nominal way to backlog would probably be somewhere in the half the levels that we have today. And we think that would be somewhere maybe towards the end of the year by the time we would catch up.
Christopher Lewis: Okay great and then just one more from me, as we think of that full list of new scanners being placed, it sounds like mostly in the GP channel. When do you think that will really start to translate into utilization? And do you think - is there an immediate pick up, uptick in utilization, once the GP receives that scanner or is a bit of a lag effect there? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: We still wrestle with that question. Honestly, Chris I think obviously there is an immediate pick up if they are a user today, from an Invisalign standpoint, they turn all the impressions over to iTero, and you see it immediately. But as far as, they actually keep doing more and more cases, we have more and more data say thats true. We can't quantify exactly right now, exactly how true that is and to what degree it occurs.
Christopher Lewis: Okay, thanks for the time.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you everyone - sorry operator. Ill go ahead and close. Thank you everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your time. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Align Investor Relations.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director David L. White - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC Matthew OBrien - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) Christopher William Lewis - ROTH Capital Partners LLC Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Align Technology's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, VP of Corporate and Investor Communications. Thank you. You may now begin.
Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and David White, CFO. We issued first quarter 2016 financial results today via Marketwired, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on May 5. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13634117 followed by #. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the second quarter of 2016. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We have posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our first quarter conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some financial highlights and then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments: Invisalign Clear Aligners and Scanners. David will provide more detail on our financials and also discuss our outlook for the second quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. Q1 was a solid start to 2016 with better-than-expected revenue and earnings, driven by continued strong year-over-year Invisalign volume across our entire customer base, with North America up 21% and international up 34%. Demand for our new iTero Element scanner remained strong, driving a 72% year-over-year growth in Scanner & Services revenues. For Q1, North America Clear Aligner volume was up both sequentially and year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Q1 was driven primarily by our North American orthodontist customers, who achieved record utilization of 10.4 cases per doctor this quarter. On a year-over-year basis, our Q1 volume growth rate continues to outpace the three-year average, and was driven by continued increase in ortho utilization and expansion of our GP customer base. Q1 Invisalign volume for international doctors was down 1.5% sequentially, as expected, given the seasonally lower period in Europe through the winter holidays and up to 34% year-over-year. In EMEA, Q1 volume was up 34% year-over-year, led by growth across our core European countries. It was especially strong in Spain, which was up 70%. The investments made in sales, clinical and customer care with our new selling processes are showing quick returns. Our new geographies also performed well year-over-year with Benelux, Eastern Europe and the Nordic markets up over 90%. In Asia-Pacific, total Q1 volume was 35% year-over-year, led by China and Japan, each of which were up 50% or more. Record Invisalign volume in both Southeast Asia and Taiwan was driven by growth of more than 40% year-over-year, as we continued to make progress in smaller country markets with our direct sales approach. Next month in Macao, we look forward to hosting our second Invisalign APAC Summit, where almost 700 customers will attend the largest Invisalign Summit outside of North America. The APAC Summit will focus heavily on recent innovations, Invisalign advantages over other treatment options and peer-to-peer sharing of successful treatment outcomes in very complex cases. In the important teen segment, the total number of Invisalign cases worldwide in Q1 increased 22% year-over-year, reflecting continued adoption of Invisalign treatment for teenagers 11 years and 19 years old. On a 12-month basis, 148,000 teens started orthodontic treatment with Invisalign with an average age of 15 years. We're pleased with continued growth in teenage cases, especially among North American orthos. We're also beginning to make progress in growing our teen business outside the United States, where we had 30% year-over-year growth from international doctors. Our integrated customer marketing campaigns in North America, EMEA, and APAC leverage traditional paid media, search, digital marketing, PR and social media to engage consumers at every point in the consumer purchasing journey. Consumers' interest and demand for Invisalign treatment continues to grow, as we can see from the increase in key program metrics worldwide. For example, in Q1, the total number of unique web visitors to invisalign.com or its regional equivalent, increased 30% to 3 million. And the total number of consumers who search for an Invisalign provider increased 27% to nearly 0.5 million. In North America, 2016 marked the strongest Q1 to-date for the Invisalign brand, in terms of earned media with 27% increase in overall impressions. In EMEA, we focused primarily on lead-generation activities in Q1, which drove 670,000 visitors to rejoin Invisalign website and our Invisalign social media community grew significantly, up 150% compared to Q1 last year. In Asia-Pacific, we've been preparing for several major consumer campaigns in China, Australia, New Zealand, and Japan that we'll launch in Q1. The new campaign in China will be our very first in the country, targeting females 25 years and older in both Shanghai and Beijing. In Q1, our Scanners business revenue was up 17% sequentially and 72% year-over-year, reflecting a record number of units shipped in a quarter. Demand for the iTero Element scanner continues to expand our installed base, fueled primarily by North American orthodontists. As of Q1, 94% of our top 1% of elite orthos have purchased at least one scanner and 64% of our top 1% of elite GPs have purchased a scanner for their practice. We also continue to see strong adoption of digital scanners for Invisalign case submissions in place of PVS impressions. For Q1, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanning worldwide increased to 36%, which reflects a record 44% from North America and 18% from international doctors. While these scans are predominantly from our iTero scanner, we're beginning to see some uptake from 3M's True Definition, and Sirona's Omnicam, the other two digital scanners that also qualified for Invisalign case submission. Adding to this today, we announced Invisalign interoperability with another third-party scanner. In Q4 of this year, 3Shape scanners are expected to be approved which will enable Invisalign providers with a TRIOS scanner to submit a full arch digital impression in place of a traditional PVS impression. Clinical validation of the workflow is mostly complete, however given our ERP implementation this summer, the ability to support TRIOS scanners for Invisalign case submissions could not be finalized in our Invisalign Doctor Site, which we call IDS until after the ERP implementation is complete. We also announced an agreement with 3Shape to enhance existing STL export workflow between iTero scanners and laboratory partners using 3Shape dental system software. This will enable improved consistency for customers using the workflow. With that, I'll now turn the call over to David.
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Joe. Let's review our first quarter financial results. Revenue for the first quarter was $238.7 million, up 3.7% from the prior quarter, and up 20.5% from the corresponding quarter a year-ago. On a year-over-year comparative basis, first quarter revenue growth rate was lower by approximately five points, related to the Additional Aligner policy and the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. First quarter Clear Aligner revenue of $219.7 million was up 2.6% sequentially and up 17.5% year-over-year. The sequential revenue increase was primarily related to increased Clear Aligner volumes. Q1 ASPs were slightly up from Q4, about $5, due to more Additional Aligner submissions and dealer promotions, partially offset by foreign exchange rates and a small shift in product mix towards our low-end products, driven by the single arch option we introduced last year. Our year-over-year revenue growth reflected Invisalign case volume growth across all customer channels and geographies, partially offset by lower ASPs, primarily related to Additional Aligner policy change and foreign exchange rates. For the first quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 163.7 thousand cases were up 2.1% sequentially, reflecting growth predominantly from our North American orthodontist customers. Year-over-year case volume growth was 25.2%, driven by growth across all regions. For North American orthodontist, Q1 Invisalign case volume was up 7% sequentially, reflecting higher adoption and utilization rates across the channel, and up 23.6% year-over-year. For North American GP dentists, case volume was flat sequentially and up 18.6% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was seasonally down 1.5% sequentially and up 34.1% year-over-year. Worldwide Invisalign utilization in Q1 was 4.9 cases per doctor, up from 4.5 cases in Q1 last year. North America ortho utilization was a record 10.4 cases, up from nine cases in the prior year. North America GP utilization was a three cases, up from 2.9 cases in the prior year. And international utilization was 4.7 cases also a record, up from 4.4 cases per doctor in Q1 last year. In Q1, we added 2,470 new Invisalign doctors worldwide, 870 of which were new North American doctors, and 1,600 of which were new international doctors. Our Scanner & Services revenue for the first quarter was $19 million, up 17.2% sequentially and 72% year-over-year. We're pleased with continued strong demand for the iTero Element scanner. Notwithstanding these strong results, production capacity has been more constrained than expected as we strive to ramp production and work down backlog. Moving on to gross margin. First quarter overall gross margin was 75.7%, slightly better-than-expected, up 0.7 points sequentially and down 0.6 points year-over-year. Clear Aligner gross margin for the first quarter was 78.3%, up 0.4 points sequentially and down 0.8 points year-over-year. The sequential increase was primarily driven by lower freight costs from a slightly lower mix of international shipments. The year-over-year decrease in gross margin was primarily the result of lower Clear Aligner ASPs related to our new Additional Aligner policy implemented in July last year. Q1 gross margin for our Scanner segment was a record 45%, up 7.3 points sequentially and 16.7 points year-over-year. Both the sequential and year-over-year increase in gross margin was primarily a result of higher ASPs and lower cost of our iTero Element scanner. Q1 operating expenses were $127.3 million, up sequentially by $13.8 million or 12.2%, primarily due to the planned annual increases in employee compensation and benefits programs, costs associated with our internal sales meeting event that take place in Q1, increased investments in sales and marketing, and go-to-market activities, as well as our ERP implementation program. Q1 operating expenses were lower than our outlook due primarily to more ERP costs being capitalized and anticipated during the quarter. In addition, the timing of certain investments in marketing were delayed to the second quarter and second half of the year. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 operating expenses were up $25.1 million, or 24.6%, reflecting increased head count and continued investment in go-to-market activities incidental to the growth of our business, as well as our ERP implementation project. Also recall, that in the first quarter last year, operating expenses included a benefit of $6.8 million, associated with a medical device excise tax refund. Our first quarter operating margin was 22.3%, down 3.5 points sequentially and down 2.4 points year-over-year. This sequential decrease in operating margin relates primarily to higher expenses as just described. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 operating margin was impacted by approximately 2.5 points from Additional Aligner policy and foreign currency exchange. Also note, again that the year-over-year comparison reflects the aforementioned benefit on the medical device excise tax in Q1 2015. With regards to our first quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 23.4%, slightly up from our 2015 tax rate of 22.6% and 18.2% in Q4 2015. 2015 and Q4 2015 tax rates are lower primarily a result of lower tax expense related to the true up incidental to the filing of certain tax returns and the renewal of the U.S. R&D tax credit in Q4 2015. First quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.50 compared to $0.60 reported in Q4 and $0.44 reported in the same quarter a year-ago. First quarter EPS was impacted by approximately $0.09 per share from the new Additional Aligners policy and a year-over-year impact of currency. Further, recall that the first quarter of last year included a benefit of $0.06 per share associated with the refund of the medical device excise tax. Moving on to the balance sheet. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $20.2 million, primarily relating to equipment purchases to expand our manufacturing capacity in Jurez, Mexico, as well as our ERP implementation. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $30.7 million and free cash flow for the first quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $10.5 million. During the quarter, we also used $22.6 million of cash to pay employee taxes for the net settlement of vesting employee stock awards that otherwise would have been issued. Over the last 12 months, these amounts, together with repurchases, has amounted to $128.6 million. Today we announced that our board of directors has authorized a plan to repurchase up to an additional $300 million of the company's stock. This latest authorization is in addition to the existing $300 million authorization announced in April 2014, which brings the total authorization to $600 million. Today, we have repurchased approximately $200 million of our stock and anticipate we'll repurchase another $100 million over the next 12 months. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short-term and long-term investments were $680.8 million. This compares to $678.7 million at the end of 2015, an increase of approximately $2.1 million. Of our $680.8 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $216 million was held by the U.S. and $464.8 million was held by our international entities. With that, let's now turn to our business outlook and the factors that inform our view. Starting with the demand outlook; for North America, we expect Invisalign volumes to be up sequentially from Q1. For international, we typically see strong sequential growth following Q1 winter holidays in EMEA and the Lunar New Year in APAC. For our Scanner business, we expect revenues to be up sequentially from Q1, as we continue to ramp production for the new iTero Element and fulfill strong backlog and demand. Notwithstanding this strength, given recent and continuing constraints on production of the new iTero Element, our outlook for Scanner revenue for the full-year is slightly less robust than originally anticipated. With this as a backdrop, we expect the second quarter to shape up as follows: Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 174.5 thousand cases to 177.0 thousand cases, up approximately 20.7% to 22.4% over the same period a year-ago. We expect Q2 net revenues to be in the range of $253.3 million to $258.3 million. We expect Q2 gross margins to be in the range of 75% to 75.5%, slightly down sequentially, primarily due to a higher freight cost due to increased mix of international shipments, as well as increased training revenue, which carries lower gross margins. We expect operating expenses to be in the range of $142.7 million to $144.2 million. Q2 operating expenses will increase quarter-over-quarter based on several factors. Q2 will carry the full quarter impact of employee compensation-related costs, such as annual wage increases, stock-based compensation awards, and new hires. Some investments in sales territory coverage and go-to market activities that were anticipated in Q1, were delayed to Q2 in the second half of the year. Given our continued success in driving growth and adoption of Invisalign outside the U.S., we do intend to make some incremental investments in the second half of 2016. Our Q2 operating margin should be in the range of 18.7% to 19.7%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 24% and diluted shares outstanding should be approximately 81.4 million, exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q2 diluted EPS to be in the range of $0.46 to $0.49. With that, I'll turn the time back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, David. I'm pleased with Q1 and our better-than-expected start to the year thanks to continued growth and adoption across our customer base. We credit that to our focus on and investment in key growth drivers, especially our continued expansion outside of North America, commitment to product and technology innovation and consumer demand programs that help drive Invisalign adoption. Q2 will be a busy quarter for us with the upcoming AAO in Orlando, the APAC Summit in Macao, and our Analyst Day coming up in June. I look forward to seeing many of you at that Analyst Meeting in New York to sharing more details about our opportunities for growth, our competitive advantages and the key things we're focusing on for the future. Thank you for your time today. I'll now open the call to questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for the questions. You guys mentioned that some of the investments were delayed from Q1 to later in the year. I guess, first part will be why, were they delayed? And then the second part and more importantly, does that delay in investment have any impact at all on your view of mid-20% revenue growth for the year. Obviously, case growth continues to be pretty strong and also tied to that level of investment. Just wondering, if the timing of the spend, has affected at all your view of the full-year?
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: So, Bob. This is David. I'll see if I can field that for you. They were marketing expenses as we talked about, as I mentioned in the script. They were, however, though related to things that had a longer-term aspect to them. So, they weren't near-term types of items that would necessarily be driving current year case growth. They had more to do with portfolio types of planning and studies and things like that. So, no impact to the year.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then I guess just on the international side, case growth, you are obviously very robust there. But kind of in line with the type of growth we've seen in the last few quarters. I know you guys had mentioned more investments this year coming on the international side versus the domestic side. I'm just curious, if you could talk about what type of growth rate or growth rate acceleration we should maybe think about on the international side, and then maybe just the timeline or timing around the returns on the investments you're making internationally would be helpful?
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's Joe, Bob. And I'd say, you know the  what we expect is to continue with the growth rates, we've seen you know in the  from an international standpoint, but I don't see a change there. In a sense of  you know overall in that business, it's pretty much what we've been telling you, there's not a lot of dilution in the sense of what we do internationally, in the sense of the resources that we put it in a year; and the return, we're getting on those resources through so, think about that return in the aspect of a one-year kind of return on international commercial kinds of resources.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks so much.
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the questions, guys. My first one is actually on the buyback. Well, of course, very nice to see. My question is, are you framing the buyback for 2016, as something like a new normal or is this something that we should think of as a one-time step-up relative to the historical trend?
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: So, I don't think there is any intended change in the program that we announced a couple years ago, Steve. We announced $300 million, we anticipated to repurchase $100 million a year. In the first two years of that program, we repurchased $70 million of the $100 million in each case, using an ASR and then we repurchased the remaining $30 million in open-market transactions over the balance of the year. And this year, pretty much the same thing except for changing it to a 50-50 split. No other change other than that.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. So, it's not  okay, now I understand the period you're saying. And then, my second question actually David is, could you quantify how much of the spend was delayed out of Q1 into the balance of the year?
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: So, the portion that was delayed into Q2 is in our guidance. Portion that was delayed into the second half is about $2 million or so, roughly.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, I will...
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: Go ahead.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. Have a good night.
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: You bet.
Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Kreger from William Blair.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi.
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, John.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks very much. Hi, Joe, can you just maybe give us some update on market commentary. There has been a fair amount of economic volatility in recent months. Are you seeing any of that filter through to your GP or ortho customers?
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I haven't seen any change at all from what we experienced in 2015, as we go into 2016 and nothing recently either in that sense.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: So, what does that tell you? Does that say there is just not as much sensitivity around what we would probably think of is a fairly discretionary purchase by consumers or do you think there's just such an under penetration for Clear Aligners that you can kind of power through a cyclicality that an orthodontist might see?
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'll be cautious, I haven't gone through a cycle in this business yet, John. So, I'll just be cautious on what I'd say here. See, if I look at the economic data and backup a little bit, a lot of that economic data has to do with inventory and production right now. And I don't think it's in a consumer sense, something that's definitive yet. So, what I'm seeing right now, I want to try and communicate to you is, the market fields now is the market has for the last really 10 months since I've been here. If this thing hits the consumer and there is a significant consumer effect, I think, it'd be nave of us to say that we think we'll just power through that with the same kind of growth rates we have today, but I think we just got to take that a quarter, but a quarter of time right now.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And then one more. You mentioned the upcoming AAO meeting. It's been a little longer than I think in the past of when you guys have announced some product updates, any preview you could give us about something that might be coming there or just in general the cadence that we should expect about new product innovation?
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No big change in the cadence of new product introduction. I can't give you any kind of a look under the covers right now, in the sense of  you know what we might do at the AAO, John or not do at the AAO. But, look R&D is incredibly important to us, you know we're focused on now inclusions in the sense of making this a deeper and deeper penetration against wires and brackets. We're really excited about that future portfolio and what we can do, but not ready to announce anything big coming up on the AAO right now.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard from Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. Joe, just a question on the digital case submissions. I'm curious as to your latest thoughts on how much contribution, or how would you characterize the success or progress of the Seric (28:32) relationship so far? And just given the installed base size, I'm surprised it didn't seem to have been a larger contributor to-date, any color you can share there?
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Brandon that really hasn't changed. I think we try to communicate to the market as much as possible, as that we think that these open-source way is the way to go to make sure that you know  ability to no matter what's game you're on, if you have the kind of accuracy and capability that you can submit in this line kind of order. I'm frankly not surprised of what we see, I think when you look at Sirona, they've been cautious in the sense of how they bring people on and make sure of the accuracy and  which is really good in the sense of how they can interface with us. And so, right now, it's really no change in the sense of, I think what we anticipated prior to Sirona coming on and what we're seeing right now. But again, we feel good about that open-source commitment, and we feel good from a North America standpoint, in particular, to see the rates of digitized impressions coming in. It's good for our business, it's actually good for customers, because of the sensation, because of the accuracy of it, and how much faster we can actually turn things around.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: And  sorry, if this has already been asked, I don't think so, but could you  you'd pointed to perhaps the Cadent or iTero scanner revenues falling a little bit short of your prior goal for the year. Could you quantify that and perhaps give us a sense of the magnitude of the backlog and how long you think it might take to burn off?
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Brandon. So, when we ended 2015, we had more than six months of backlog on the iTero scanner and that number still holds true today. Notwithstanding the fact that, our revenues in that business were up significantly in Q1 and we're almost doubling the business. In the January call, we talked about our expectations that business perhaps doubling this year and I think that might have  given where we are today with some production capacity constraints and so forth, that might have been a little bit more optimistic by maybe 10% or so. And we hope to work through those constraints and work down the backlog as we continue to ship product throughout the balance of the year.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew O'Brien from Piper Jaffray.
Matthew OBrien - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. So, you guys have seen impressive North American growth over the last four quarters, how much can you attribute that to the stratification of the sales force?
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think, it's not a binary instrument on this whole thing, I think the stratification was helpful, when you define that stratification is, we're focused on our really high-end orthos, what we call our SAM (31:38) accounts and then how we've  allow our territory managers to go across orthodontics and also GP. It's been an efficient alignment, but we've also put a significant number of more resources into the field also, and so there is a multiplier there in a sense that the customers were touching and how we're spreading the workforce. So, I think those two main variables, it's hard to pull part how much each was effective, but we know that both of them have been effective in the sense of allowing us more customer time and placing reps in front of high user kind of accounts that really need different types of things than some of the newer users or smaller users, too.
Matthew OBrien - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Great. And also, I apologize if you guys have maybe answered this already, but single arch was a big growth last quarter. How much of that contributed to GP segment this quarter? Thanks.
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: So, good question. As we looked at it, if you look at the single arch and you look at even the pricing actions we took a year-ago in Q2, where we lowered the pricing on both the E5 and the E10; we changed the staff discount program, and so forth. As we look at it now, we're seeing great traction on those products; I mean they're growing well and  much faster than what the rest of our business is on a volume basis, maybe not the same way on a revenue side. But, certainly on a volume basis, they're growing at a rate faster than what our full products are. And when you look at it on a quarter-over-quarter basis, or I should say a year-over-year basis, it's probably about three points of growth when you compare it year-over-year.
Matthew OBrien - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Great. Thank you very much.
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Lewis from ROTH Capital Partners.
Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Hey, Chris.
Christopher William Lewis - ROTH Capital Partners LLC: Joe, you mentioned  hey guys.
Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Are you there?
Christopher William Lewis - ROTH Capital Partners LLC: I'm here, can you hear me?
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, got you.
Christopher William Lewis - ROTH Capital Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Joe you mentioned, you're beginning to see some progress with teen in international markets; can you talk about what's starting to drive that progress?
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Chris, again it's not subjectivity to my comment here, but I think, if you look at the history, particularly in North America, we had a history here of years of people thinking we really  orthodontics is not thinking we can do with teen. As we go overseas, I don't think we're burdened with that mythology as much as  because obviously we changed the type of malocclusions we could do; we moved into teens pretty well. We've changed our portfolio to address that, and just think there is less inertia to overcome overseas than maybe what we've had in North America over the years is my guess. And obviously what we're going to have to do is double back in North America and push a lot harder in the sense of our capability in that area now to overcome, I think, some history that's existed there.
Christopher William Lewis - ROTH Capital Partners LLC: On Additional Aligners program, it's been around I think nine months since you implemented that, I was hoping you could just take a minute and kind of talk about it here, if you're starting to see ordering patterns and your customer behavior in terms of your utilization rates being impacted from that program?
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Yeah, Chris, when we look at the impact of Additional Aligners, we look at it over many years. We see increasing usages of Additional Aligners over time. And primarily, that's the result of a number of factors: the fact that we're treating more complex cases, the fact that our mix is shifting a little bit from the standpoint that International is growing faster than what North America is, since they treat typically more complex cases than what we do here in North America; that's kind of shifting some of that. But when we look at all those usage rates, we don't see any particular aberration in those rates that we can specifically attribute to the change in the policy. What we know is that, when we talk to doctors they love it. They are appreciative of the fact that it's easier for them to practice with us; they don't have to be constantly thinking in the back of their mind, if I submit in a  and a request for Additional Aligners, am I going to pay for this one or not. So, when we look at the data, we don't actually see anything that shows an aberration, since all pretty much qualitative, and we know that it's one of the factors that we believe is driving the record ortho utilization we're seeing right now. Utilization last quarter  Q1 was 10.4 cases and it's one piece of the whole puzzle, I think.
Christopher William Lewis - ROTH Capital Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Block from Stifel.
Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, and good afternoon, guys. Maybe two or three. The first one Joe, I believe for you, on the teen market, I think you guys gave some metrics, teens up about 22% trailing 12 months, but it is like in adult, and you mentioned the average teen age around 15 years old, but of course, a lot of teens are out there getting orthodontic care at 11 years old to 14 years old. So, I guess the question is, can you go younger with the current product, or do you need something more specific to mix dentition and tracking compliance et cetera?
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Jon, I think you know the answer of that question, you know that. But I think honestly, one part of the practical side of me, Jon, is that our teen utilization rate in the 20% to 25% range depending on how you look at it, is really insufficient, given the market is 75% teens. And so, regardless of how young, you want to move back into the teen segment, we have plenty of opportunity when you look at complete dentition above 13 years old. So, we should be able to get out regardless of that kind of an approach. But I mean, obviously our R&D is focused on how we can go back and look at what I call morphology changes rather than just moving piece is actually moving things in. Obviously, we have some clinical trials in the marketplace in that area to see how well our appliances can fit in that particular area and we're optimistic about it.
Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And next two questions I promise I really don't know. So with the first one David for you, you mentioned maybe on Cadent more optimistic by 10%. I just want to make sure, I understand what you meant. So, the Cadent revs were going to roughly double this year, which was the initial guidance, that was an incremental $45 million. I believe what you're saying, maybe it's $4 million or $5 million too high, that's  is that correct? And then second part is, do you make up that $4 million or $5 million shortfall just to keep your  I think it was low to mid-20% revenue guidance for the year? And then, I've just got one more.
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: So, I think, the net of it all is that our revenue guidance is roughly intact. We'll make it up elsewhere either through pricing or through other things that were built into that plan.
Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just a very last one, you guys gave some interesting metrics on sort of the percent of high volume guys that own a scanner and there is a lot of them and we've been showing the average scanner user. There is a lot more cases in your overall average, but this brings back in the question sort of the chicken or egg, so are there any metrics that you can give even at a higher level of what someone looks like before they get a scanner and then where they go six months, 12 months or 18 months after they bring it into their practice? Thanks, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Jon. We're obviously looking at that. Our penetration rates are being furthered right now. You got to look at ortho, definitely we do GPs in that sense, but we really don't have anything definitive to share with you yet, that would say, you buy a scanner, you automatically do more Invisalign. We're not ready to say that.
Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Thanks for your time, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Newitter from Leerink Partners.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Robby (39:55) in for Rich. Can you hear me?
Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Hi, Robby (39:58), yeah.
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Robby (40:00).
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I had a question  a couple of questions. One, maybe on the doc training and then another on gross margins. First, on the Invisalign doctors training, sequentially, it looks like there is a seasonal step down in North America, but you're flat year-over-year, whereas O-U.S. training stepped up sequentially. Hoping you could help explain some of the dynamics behind that, and how we should see training progress throughout the year. And then, maybe second on the gross margins. Scanner gross margin of about 45%. Where do you think that can go over time? And should we think of sort of 2Q, 4Q at the similar level? Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Robby (40:47), on the doctors trained, when you look at those statistics, you'll notice that typically we train more doctors internationally than what we do in North America. And when you break it down and you look in North America, it's primarily GPs. I mean, there are reengagement of orthos and so forth, but the predominant mix is on the GP side. And in terms of the seasonality of that, we typically have a couple periods during the year, where that is higher, Q2 and Q4 are typically the periods during the year that we offer more training, and we try to get more enrollment during those time periods. On the international side, I think it fluctuate less on a quarter-to-quarter basis and it probably geared more by our capacity that take on doctors and feel like we've got enough clinical health and so forth, to get them watched and start off their Invisalign practice. And I don't think we see as much seasonality in terms of how we plan out the international doctor side of it. And then the second question was on scanning.
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: The gross margins on Scanner.
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, the gross margins on Scanners, they are in the 45% to 50% type of range and a lot of that is due to, when we designed the new iTero Element. We designed it, as not only a more feature-rich product than the 2.9, which it replaced; but we designed it a lot for cost reduction and so, you have a much smaller footprint in terms of physical form factor, that sits in the doctor's office, you have much lower support costs for the product, because the wand detaches from the base unit. The training is all done virtually, instead of us actually  having to actually whole classes on the training, it's done virtually. The doctor installs it himself versus us having to send somebody into do a field install. So, all those things kind of contribute from a business model standpoint, why it's a better gross margin proposition than what the prior version was. Does that answer your question?
Unknown Speaker: Yeah. It does. And then maybe if I could get one more in, regarding the 3Shape announcement, sorry if you had mentioned it, I may have missed it. Did you say anything about what you think their installed base is and how many that opens up?
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: No, we didn't. And we're not quite privy to that information either. So, I mean obviously, it's a successful scanner, but there is not an installed base number that's been shared with us.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thank you.
Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Thanks, Robby (43:46).
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Robby (43:47).
Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Operator, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Our last question comes from Jeff Johnson from Robert W. Baird.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good evening, guys.
Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Jeff.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Joe, just wanted to start with you. Hey, how are you? So, Joe, starting with you on the utilization number, the 10.4 case number obviously as you guys said kind of an all-time high on the North American ortho side. As I'm looking at it, it's also I think without the biggest sequential jump up I've seen in that metric as well. So, I don't revisit the point you made about kind of end market being stable. How much of that sequential improvement maybe is coming from some of the efforts, you guys have been putting in the field, a lot of the work we've done and I'm sure others, but survey work in that seems like North American dental market has picked up here a bit in the last six months. How much might be tied to those factors, things like that? Just want to focus a little more on that 10.4 case number, if possible?
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Jeff, it's a good question. I'd tell you again, it's a great answer, because I think we don't see this definitively. But I would say, I just look at kind of a constant force from a market standpoint over the last 12 months. And then overall, I think it's really the people we put into field and it's obviously I think some of our inventions like D5, D6. And then frankly, when you think about E5, E10 and some of our pricing dynamics on that too, all these things I think have really helped from a penetration standpoint with those guys. So, I wouldn't necessarily attribute it to a market uptick. I think, the market is in very consistent. I think, our resource allocation and focuses, I think, it really help in that sense.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right. Great. And then David, just one question for you on the guidance or at least on some of the P&L numbers. You mentioned the operating margin 250 basis points here, I think, you said between the extra Aligner policy in the FX in the quarter. Any chance you could split that out or disaggregate those two numbers? And then, just want to make sure I've got my gating correct. It seems like the FX drag pretty much goes away starting in the second quarter in the extra Aligner policy, will at least anniversaries through the model starting in the third quarter. Is that the right way to think about those drags?
David L. White - Chief Financial Officer: When you always do these compares, it's always against what you're comparing to. When you're comparing quarter-over-quarter, FX and Additional Aligner is not a big impact on Q2; it was a little bit of a drag, but 20 bps or so. When you look at it year-over-year, you see a bigger impact and like we said about almost three point, most of that Additional Aligner, about $8 million of that is Additional Aligner and like another $2.5 million or so roughly of FX.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then, the FX component as we go into 2Q would expect that pretty much on a year-over-year basis, were done with most of those headwinds at this point you think?
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, you tell me what exactly...
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): No. Assuming currency stays stable where it is today.
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. If currency stays flat, the only "headwind" you might say we have that we keep calling out is Additional Aligner. An Additional Aligner  our discussion about Additional Aligner and its impact, kind of swan songs in Q2, because once we get to Q3, our comparatives will have the full impact in both ways.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it. Thank you.
Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Thanks, Jeff.
Joseph M. Hogan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jeff.
Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations: Well, thank you, everyone for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. If you have any further questions, please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and IR Joe Hogan - President and CEO  David White - CFO
Analysts: Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Group, Inc Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Company John Kreger - William Blair & Company, L.L.C. Richard Newitter - Leerink Partners Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Jeff Matthews - Ram Partners, LP
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Align Technology Fourth Quarter and Year End 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, VP Corporate and Investor Communications. Thank you, Ms. Stacy. 
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and David White, CFO. We issued fourth-quarter and fiscal 2015 financial results today via Marketwire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern time on February 11th. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13627358 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the first quarter and full year 2016. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We have posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our fourth quarter conference call slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some financial highlights and then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments, Invisalign Clear Aligners and Scanners. David will provide more detail on our financials and discuss our outlook for the first quarter, including some commentary on our view for 2016. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. Q4 was a strong finish to another record year for Align. Better than expected revenue and earnings were driven by record Invisalign volume, which is up 26% year-over-year. These results reflect strong growth across our customer base and geographies from both an increase in the number of submitters, as well as cases per doctor. In addition, scanner revenue strong of 33% year-over-year exceeded expectations as shipments of our new iTero Element began ramping up this quarter, resulting in record scanner shipments. For the full year of 2015, over 0.5 million patients started orthodontic treatment with Invisalign, an increase of 22% compared to 13% last year. Our increased growth reflects continued adoption and utilization from international doctors and a solid rebound in North America, both driven by investments in territory coverage and sales and marketing programs, including clinical education. Product and technology innovation is also a key growth driver for the company and as a result in 2015, we continue to see increased clinical confidence in Invisalign treatment for our customers worldwide. For Q4, North America Clear Aligner volume was both sequentially and year-over-year up, reflecting record Invisalign utilization and a record number of submitting doctors. Sequential growth was driven by North American GP dentists with an increase in both the number of submitters and cases per doctor. North American ortho volume also increased sequentially, although less so given Q4 is a seasonally slower for teenage orthodontic case starts. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 North America volume growth was driven by both orthos and GPs, reflecting increased utilization of Invisalign and expansion of our customer base. For the full year, North America volume increased 18% compared to 8% last year and a three-year average of 12% reflecting the positive impact of our sales force expansion and go-to-market changes we announced on our earnings call last January. We're very pleased with the acceleration in growth rate and believe that we will see further progress in North America as we continue to drive greater adoption and utilization, and the ortho channel increased our share of the team market and improved patient conversion. Q4 Invisalign volume for international doctors was up 17% sequentially and 35% year-on-year. Our international business continues to be very strong across all countries, driven by both an increase in the number of submitters and in cases per doctors in EMEA and continued expansion of our customer base in APAC. In EMEA, Q4 volume was up 34% year-over-year and we had a record quarter across all markets. We continue to see strong performance in our five core country markets and are building momentum in our new geographies. For the full year 2015, EMEA volume growth of 30% was balanced across both ortho and GP channels. We also saw strong growth in Spain, the U.K. and the Mediterranean country markets, using our new selling process, which helps accelerate clinical confidence. In addition, newly integrated country markets previously indirect in the Nordics, Eastern Europe and Benelux are showing very good growth in their first full year of our direct focus. In Asia-Pacific, our Q4 volume reflected strong year-over-year growth of 37%, notwithstanding a seasonally slower period coming off a strong summer quarter. During the quarter, we celebrated our 10th anniversary in Japan with a full day customer forum with over 200 Japanese doctors. We also participated in the China Annual Orthodontic Society meeting with nearly 400 doctors, and in December we attended our first Indian orthodontic congress in India where we are beginning to invest in trained orthodontists in a three key cities: Mumbai, New Delhi, and Pune. For the full year, Clear Aligner volume in APAC increased by 39%, reflecting both expansion of our customer base, as well as an increased utilization. In China, Invisalign volumes doubled over the prior year and Japan grew more than 50% for the third consecutive year. In the important teen segment, the total number of Invisalign cases worldwide in Q4 increased 24% year over year. This reflects continued adoption across our customer channels, but more pronounced in North America where we have the greatest sales and marketing focus on teens. For the full year, over 141,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign, reflecting 21% growth compared to 16% growth in 2014. In North America, the growth rate of our teenage cases continues to outpace adult cases. Our integrated consumer marketing campaigns in North America, EMEA and APAC combine traditional paid media, search, digital marketing, PROFITABILITY, and social media to engage customers at every point in the consumer purchasing journey. Consumer interest in demand for Invisalign treatment continues to grow as we can see from increases in key program metrics worldwide. For example, social media engagement and lead generation increased across all regions in 2015 and more than 8 million consumers visited one of our Invisalign consumer websites and almost 1.3 million of those visitors searched for an Invisalign provider on our site, up nicely from the prior year. In Q4, our Scanner Sales & Services business revenues were up 74% sequentially and up 33% year-over-year due to the introduction of our new iTero Element scanner, which has been received very enthusiastically by our customers. For Q4, total Invisalign cases submitted with digital scanners in North America were flat from last quarter at 40%. We believe due in part to fewer scanner sales in Q3 as we transition to our new iTero Element scanner. While we are talking about our Scanner business, I want to mention someone who has been an important part of the iTero's growth and success. Tim Mack, Vice President Scanner & Services, will be retiring in March after 25 years in the medical device industry. Tim joined the management team at Align when we acquired Cadent and he has been instrumental in integrating the Scanner business into the company and bringing new innovations to market like iTero Element scanner. Over the next two months, Tim will transition his responsibility for our Scanner & Services business to Raph Pascaud, the Chief Marketing Portfolio and Business Development Officer, who will assume the role of General Manager for our Scanner business. We're going to miss Tim, but I know he is going to enjoy having a personal life again after some very busy years. Now, I'll turn it over to David.
David White: Thanks, Joe. Let's review our fourth quarter financial results. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $230.3 million, up 10.9% from the prior quarter and up 15.9% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. On a year-over-year comparative basis, our fourth quarter revenue growth rate was lower by approximately eight points related to the Additional Aligner Policy we implemented last July and the impact of foreign exchange rates. Fourth quarter Clear Aligner revenue of $214.0 million was up 7.9% sequentially and up 14.8% year-over-year. The sequential revenue increase was primarily related to increased Clear Aligner volumes. Q4 ASPs were slightly down, slightly sequentially, about $5, due to foreign exchange rates, as well as a small shift in product mix towards our low end products. Our year-over-year revenue growth reflected Invisalign case volume growth across all customer channels and geographies, partially offset by lower ASPs, primarily to the Additional Aligner Policy change and foreign currency exchange rates. For the fourth quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 160.4 thousand cases were up 8.8% sequentially, reflecting growth from our international North American customers. Year-over-year case volume growth was 26.4%, driven by growth across all regions. For North America orthodontists, Q4 Invisalign case volume was up 1.5% sequentially, reflecting higher adoption and utilization rates across the channel, and up 24.5% year-over-year. For North American GP dentists, case volume increased 9.4% sequentially and was up 20.3% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 16.8% sequentially and 34.8% year-over-year. Worldwide Invisalign utilization in Q4 was a record 4.9 cases per doctor, up from 4.4% in Q4 last year. North America ortho utilization was 9.9, up from 8.6 in the prior year. North America GP utilization was a record 3.1, up from 2.9 in the prior year. And international utilization was also a record at 5.0, up from 4.5 cases per doctor in Q4 last year. For the full year 2015, we achieved record Invisalign utilization across all three customer channels. In Q4, we added 2,670 new Invisalign doctors worldwide, 1,270 of which were new North American doctors and 1,400 of which were new international doctors. This is consistent with the same quarter a year ago. For the full year, an additional 9,795 doctors became Invisalign providers, reflecting continued expansion of our customer base, especially outside the U.S. Our Scanner & Services revenues for the fourth quarter were $16.2 million, up 73.7% sequentially and 33.4% year-over-year. We're excited to be ramping up production and shipping the new iTero Element scanners to our customer practices given the high volume of preorders we have received since its announcement in March. Moving on to gross margin. Fourth quarter overall gross margin was 75.0%, down 0.9 points both sequentially and year-over-year. The year-over-year decrease in gross margin was primarily the result of lower ASPs from currency, which amounted to approximately 0.9 points, as well as the Additional Aligner Policy change by about 0.7 points, which was partially offset by lower costs per unit. Clear Aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 77.9%, also down 0.9 points, both sequentially and year-over-year. The sequential decrease was primarily driven by higher freight costs and increased trading activity, which carries a lower margin. Q4 gross margin for our Scanner segment was 37.7%, up 23 points sequentially as a result of higher scanner ASPs and lower manufacturing costs associated with the new iTero Element. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 gross margin was up 7.5% as a result of product mix shift to the lower-cost iTero Element, coupled with reduced service costs. Q4 operating expenses were $113.5 million, down sequentially by $6.1 million, primarily due to lower marketing and media spend. Recall also that in Q3 we incurred severance costs for organizational changes, as well as costs related to the termination of product development efforts targeting for the obstructive sleep apnea market, which contributed to the sequential decline as well. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 operating expenses were up $14.3 million, or 14.4%, as a result of our sales expansion efforts, as well as our European implementation project. Our fourth quarter operating margin was 25.8%, up 7.5 points sequentially and approximately flat year-over-year. The sequential increase in operating margin relates primarily to increased Clear Aligner volume and lower expenses. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 operating margin was impacted by approximately three points from foreign currency and the Additional Aligner Policy. With regards to our fourth quarter tax provision, our tax rate of 18.1% was down 6.3 points from our Q3 tax rate. This was primarily the result of a more favorable mix of earnings and lower tax geographies, lower tax expenses realized upon the filing of certain tax returns, and to a lesser extent, the renewal of the U.S. R&D tax credit. These items together amounted to about an incremental $0.04 benefit in earnings per share in the quarter. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.60 compared to $0.34 reported in Q3 and $0.48 reported in the same quarter last year. Fourth quarter EPS was impacted by approximately $0.07 related to the company's new Additional Aligners Policy. Finally, the year-over-year impact on the fourth quarter from the Additional Aligner Policy change as well as assuming constant year-over-year foreign currency exchange rates, was approximately $0.11 per share. Moving to the balance sheet. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $16.8 million, primarily relating to equipment purchases to expand our manufacturing capacity in Juarez, Mexico, as well as our ERP implementation. Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $79.4 million and free cash flow for the fourth quarter, defined as cash flow from operations, less capital expenditures, amounted to $62.6 million. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 179,000 shares of stock, amounting to $11.2 million in open market repurchases. As a side note, our last 12 months of stock repurchases, together with cash used to pay employee taxes for the net settlement of investing employee stock awards that otherwise would have been issued, amounted to 66% of our worldwide free cash flow. We believe our free cash flow generation and these repurchases are consistent with our express capital allocation objectives returning cash flow in excess of that needed to run and grow the business to our shareholders. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short and long-term investments were $679 million. This compared to $603 million at the end of 2014, an increase of approximately $76 million. Of our $670 million of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, $236 million was held by the U.S., and $443 million was held by our international entities. Before we move to the Q1 outlook, I would like to make a few comments on our full year 2015 results. In 2015, we shipped a record 583.2 thousand Invisalign cases, up 22%. This reflects 32.5% volume growth from international doctors and 17.7% volume growth from our North American doctors. Revenue was a record $845.5 million, up 11% year-over-year, including the impact of foreign exchange and the Additional Aligners policy. Full year operating income of $188.6 million or 22.3% of revenue, which included 1.6 points of impact from additional aligners and foreign exchange rates on a constant currency basis. Our operating results also included approximately $12 million of costs related to ERP and a one-time refund of $6.8 million for medical device excise tax refund, which will not recur in 2016. Free cash flow was $184.5 million or 22% of revenue, consistent with our long-term model target of 20% to 25%. For the year, we repurchased 1.7 million shares of Align stock for $101.8 million. 2015 diluted EPS was $1.77. To recap, 2015 was a strong year for Align, and despite several headwinds, including foreign exchange rates, as well as the impact of our new policy -- Additional Aligner policy, we did better than planned across the Board. Strong Invisalign growth offset much of these headwinds, enabled us to achieve revenue growth in operating margins above our original outlook. With that, let's now turn to our business outlook for the first quarter and the factors that inform our view. Starting with the demand outlook. Consistent with current demand trends, we expect North America volume to be up sequentially in Q1, primarily driven by the ortho channel. For our international business, while we expect continued strong year-over-year growth, Q1 is a seasonally slower period in Europe due to winter holidays, and notwithstanding sequential growth expected from APAC, we anticipate total international volume to be down sequentially. As for our scanner business, demand for our new iTero Element scanner has been strong. As a result, we expect Q1 scanner shipments to be up significantly sequentially. With this as a backdrop, we expect the first quarter to shape up as follows. Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 161.3 thousand to 163.7 thousand cases, up approximately 23.4% to 25.2% over the same period a year ago. We expect Q1 net revenues to be in the range of $232.5 million to $236.6 million. We expect Q1 gross margin to be in the range of 73.5% to 74.1%, slightly down sequentially, primarily due to a higher mix of our scanner business which carries lower gross margins. We expect Q1 operating expenses to be in the range of $130.9 million to $132.4 million. Typical of prior years, Q1 operating expenses will increase quarter-over-quarter, based on several factors. First of all, employee compensation related costs will increase in Q1 due to our annual cycle of employee compensation reviews, which include salary increases and promotions, as well as annual stock grants and employer paid payroll taxes such as Social Security taxes in the U.S. that we had set with the start of each new calendar year. Second, incremental investments and sales territory coverage, go-to-market and product development activities will increase operating expenses as we add additional resources, much of which is front-end loaded in the year. And, finally, we're entering the last stages of our European implementation program and will not be able to capitalize as much of our total program costs as compared to the earlier stages of the program. Our Q1 operating margin should be in the range of 17.2% to 18.2%. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, this is relatively consistent with historical Q4 to Q1 trends if you exclude ERP investments and the impact from a higher mix of our Scanner business. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 25% and diluted shares outstanding should be approximately $81.1 million, exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect our Q1 diluted EPS to be in the range of $0.37 to $0.40. Let me now provide some directional comments with respect to the full year 2016. From a total revenue standpoint, we anticipate year-over-year growth to be in the low to mid 20s% and somewhere in the upper half of our long-term operating model. From a volume perspective, we expect continued strong growth in Invisalign case shipments. For Scanners, based on current backlog and demand for our new iTero Element, we expect Scanner revenue to be approximately double that of 2015. Notwithstanding higher topline growth in 2016, we believe 2016 operating margins will be relatively consistent with our 2015 results for the following reasons. First of all, 2016 will bear the full year impact of the Additional Aligner policy, which we anticipate will impact revenues by approximately $25 million to $30 million. Secondly, we anticipate higher overall mix of iTero scanner revenue in 2016. And while the new iTero Element scanner is more profitable than the older version, it still carries lower gross margins than Invisalign Clear Aligners and, therefore, will somewhat dampen total margins. Finally, while we expect to complete most of the implementation of our new ERP system by midyear, the smaller percentage of these program costs can be capitalized in these later stages, meaning more of these costs will now be included in operating expense. For the full year, we expect ERP implementation expenses to be relatively consistent with 2015. We believe these investments are key to continued customer adoption and accelerating our growth. Similar to last year, many of these investments will take time before they realize meaningful returns. All included, we expect our earnings power in the second half of the year to be stronger than the first half with second half operating profits to account for somewhere in the range of 55% to 60% of our full year results. With that, I'll turn the time back over to Joe for final comments. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks, David. As you have seen from our record 2015 results, the investments we made in the onset of the year have helped us accelerate growth and increase adoption of Invisalign globally. These results reaffirm our confidence in and commitment to new investments in 2016. This year, we will continue to invest in international expansion in new country markets like India and Korea, sales in customer support resources, as well as product and technology innovation to address such things as treatment times, indication unique to teens and predictability. In addition, we will establish our first order acquisition and treatment planning facilities in international regions, so we can be closer to our customers, improve our operational efficiency, and provide doctors with the great experience to further improve their confidence in using Invisalign to treat more patients, more often. All told, we believe these investments will further extend our competitive advantage and leadership in the market. Thank you for your time today. I look forward to sharing more details with you as the year unfolds. I'll now open the call to your questions. Operator?
Operator: At this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks. Just on the revenue outlook for the year, based on the full year outlook and the doubling of the scanners, it looks like you are implying high teens Invisalign revenue growth. I was just hoping maybe you can share a little bit more around the assumptions behind that, both from a volume versus pricing perspective. And then, if you could, share anything on geographically how you are thinking about the year, specifically curious about APAC, just given some of the concerns out there and the strong growth you've seen. Just anything you can share behind the what seems to be very healthy Invisalign revenue growth would be helpful.
David White: Yeah, Rob, David. So, I'll give you a couple of pieces. Let me kind of start with the scanners since that's where you started from. We announced the iTero Element scanner back in March of last year and really only began shipping that product back in September. And during that interim period, we were actively promoting the product and selling it and generating interest at all kinds of conferences and so forth and taking orders for the product at that point in time. And so since September to December, which we just began shipping that product, we have accumulated some backlog, and we've shipped what we had supply capabilities of. And we were starting the year with a very healthy demand profile for the product that is really driving the comment I made about we are expecting that revenue to double year-over-year. We wouldn't expect it to double in 2017, although we'd love to have that high quality problem. But that's kind of how we are looking at 2016 as it relates to the scanner business. When you look at the Clear Aligner business, the only color I'll give you as it relates to volumes and so forth is that you can see by the slides and our commentary and so forth, our international business is growing at a faster rate than what North America is, notwithstanding the fact that we got a great rebound in North America. Our EMEA business is growing in 2015, grew roughly at the same rate as APAC did, although a few points behind but pretty close. And we expect to continue to see strong growth in each of those international regions as we continue to make investments in expanding our territory coverage. And as Joe mentioned in his comments, actually entering into some new geographies. When you look at North America, like I said, we had a great rebound. We're expecting that to continue. We have continued to add territory coverage here in the U.S. And we have seen the results, I think, of some of that manifest in not only volumes, but higher utilization rates in both channels in North America. So, when you net all that together, we're seeing 2016 from a revenue standpoint being somewhere, as I indicated, the growth being in the mid to low 20s%. And I don't know if that gives you enough color there or not.
Robert Jones: No, no, that's helpful. I guess just to move away from revenue, it seems like obviously there's a lot of momentum there. But in the operating profit side, if I look at the 1Q guidance and then the outlook, even with the second half operating profits to account for 55% to 60%, it still seems like even with that back half ramp, you are expecting the year to be below those three to five-year long-term targets. So, either one of you, but maybe Joe, curious now that you have had a little more time with the business, is that 25% to 30% operating profit margin range, is that still the right metric to represent the profit profile for the company, or is it something different, in your mind?
Joe Hogan: Rob, I think it's still the right profile. If you take our end of the year operating profit, you add for Additional Aligners and you add for FX, we're right at the bottom part of that range right now. So, I mean I don't see any reason to change it at all.
Robert Jones: Got it. Thanks.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Bob. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Hogan: Hey Jon.
Jonathan Block: Great. Thank. Good afternoon. One really high-level one, maybe for you, Joe, and then some specific annoying ones for David on the guide. So, Joe, it's going to sound like a little bit of a suck up question, but, really, you have got a base that is maybe 3X what it was back in 2007. You've got a product that is really not recurring, and yet you are recapturing the growth rate. And so can you just talk to us at a high level, what is allowing you to recapture this level of maybe 20%-plus Clear Aligner growth, and then how many more investments do you need to layer on from, call it, exiting 2016 from that level if you would going forward?
Joe Hogan: Jon, I'd just say the growth is deep and wide in a broad sense. And so, if you look at our utilization levels across the Board, you see them going up even in GP and ortho, substantially. Secondly, from a breadth standpoint, where you look internationally, the growth from an international standpoint, it is in new markets, but also there is some depth in new markets, too, like we're seeing in Spain and with TFM and things we have talked to you about before. I think there is also -- there is an adoption profile for plastic aligners versus metals and brackets that's starting to be accepted on a wider sense, and there is a lot more confidence out there in the sense of the use for it. I mean we see that in our discussions with orthodontists and doctors around the world, too and people that have been with us for 11 years and people that have been with us for three or four. If I go off and I talk about the investment aspects, I mean, this is -- it's a high-growth business. It requires continuing investments in order to do that. I think a lot of what you have seen, Jon, we're doing this from a non-dilutive standpoint if you take out an additional aligner policy and you pull away some of the ERP. But these are investments. You take a look at the ERP, we need that. I can't tell you how much this business needs an ERP platform in order to grow in the future. We basically juggle this business on Excel spreadsheets in a way that's just not a good long-term way to conduct this business. There's so many things we do that are a lot of arms and legs around here that we should be used for really interpreting information rather than generating it at times. And I could go on and on about that. Secondly, to go into Korea, to go into Taiwan, to move into India, those aren't just salespeople. There is certain infrastructure, certain compliance, certain things that you just need to invest in to ensure that you adequately go into those markets and we will continue to do that. But hopefully, Jon, and you know us well, you see that we're doing that in a sense of not telling you to hang on for three years. We're getting good returns on those investments. And what David and I are projecting right now, we'll see the same thing in 2016.
Jonathan Block: Okay. That was very helpful. And then, it dovetails well into the next question for you, David, or just sort of three quick little parts. You mentioned flat operations margins year-over-year, but I do think you have roughly an additional or an incremental 12 or 13 from the Additional Aligner program -- full year versus six months. So, should I think about it on a non-GAAP basis the op margins are up maybe roughly 100 bps year-over-year? And then you mentioned the ERP expense. What is that that is similar to 2015? And then, finally, just the tax rate -- R&D tax credit, it looks like we have going forward, so does the tax rate going forward look like it was for full year 2015? Thanks, guys.
David White: So flat on the operating margins and your question in that regard. If you look, again, back to what Joe just iterated, if you pull out FX, you pull out Clear Aligner and you pull out the portion of ERP that we would not expect to be recurring on a long-term basis, we're in the range of our long-term model. When we gave guidance for 2015 you will recall a year ago, we were facing a lot of FX headwinds at that point in time and we articulated that our strategy was that we would grow our way out of the FX challenge. And I think if you look at our results this last year, we largely succeeded in reclaiming a lot of that headwind. Now, since then, the dollars continued to strengthen, so we are still chasing a little bit of it. So, it's not quite -- we're not anticipating this to be as big of an impact in 2016 as what it was in 2015. But if I neutralize for that, we're inside the long-term model and it is a modest improvement, as you articulated, over 2015 when you look at it apples-to-apples. On the tax rate question you had, one of the -- our guidance for Q1 was 25% or you saw that our rate last year was 22 point something I think was the effective rate. Part of one of the things that's driving it -- in fact, probably the largest thing that is actually driving that is the growth of our Scanner business. And those sales are largely being made here in the United States where they are taxed at the -- our U.S. federal and state tax rates. And that is driving some pressure on the tax rate as it currently stands. So my best guidance for you at this point would be somewhere in that ballpark. I haven't got a better number than that.
Jonathan Block: Okay, perfect. Works for me. Thanks guys.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Jon.
Joe Hogan: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Beuchaw: Well, thanks for taking the questions. And thank you operator, that was the best pronunciation of my last name I've ever heard. First question is actually on Element gross margins, you mentioned that they are likely to be higher relative to the prior iteration of iTero. My sense is that what we saw in this quarter is probably not a great barometer for how high they can go as you are still -- is that a fair assessment?
Joe Hogan: It would be, Steve. Given that we're just starting to ramp the product and so forth, we still have a learning curve that we're going down. We're still or were still experiencing a yield ramp on the product. So, we're expecting it to be reasonably better in 2016 than in 2015.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. Got it. And then two quick ones for Joe. One is on expansion of the commercial force. Can you speak to the magnitude of ads in 2016, how they might compare to what you did in 2015, appreciating that 2015 was a big year? And then, normally, in January as you think about working with Align over the years, normally in January we hear a little bit about product launches, plans for innovation, it wasn't as big a focus. Could we see something interesting at, say, the AAO, or is this maybe a quieter year on the product launch front? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Steve, first of all, from kind of a commercial investment standpoint as the basis of your question, I'd say very similar to 2015, but you would say more up in international and a little bit less in North America from a ratio standpoint. I think that expansion is something we just need to do. We know we get a decent return on it, as I mentioned before and we don't see it as being dilutive. I don't think we see it as being expansive. And Steve your second question was?
Steve Beuchaw: The question is about [Technical Difficulty] for product launches, innovation cadence in 2016.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. We'll have some announcements on product launches and some things that we think will be pretty exciting for the industry. In that sense, I can't necessarily talk about that now. We're still moving through different clinicals and things that exist out there. But I think from a broader standpoint too Steve -- not think I know, we continue to focus a huge amount on engineering. We see so many additional malocclusions that we can address through our technology. We'll continue to invest that way going forward so we can capture a larger and larger percentage of the market. But we'll have some exciting announcements in 2016.
Steve Beuchaw: Well, looking forward to it. Thanks for all the comments.
Joe Hogan: Yeah, thanks Steve.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger of William Blair. Please proceed with your question John.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. Joe, I know sometimes it can be hard for you guys to give a -- get a good market assessment, given all those share gains you have gotten, but what is your view, if you go around the horn, the U.S. orthodontic market, GP, and then Asia and Europe, does the market feel to you like it's getting better or worse based upon feedback you are getting from your sales reps?
Joe Hogan: John, my comment would be that it seems to be stable. I think we saw an uptick in the market in 2015, and you go through the statistics and you can see it. Fortunately, we just traveled around the world for sales kickoff meetings from North America, Pacific and also Europe. In each one of those cases, we talk about a market that's pretty much stable from year-to-year, in that sense. I wouldn't count on a big market uplift. So what we're basically expressing here in our 2016 forecast is continued penetration in those markets. 
John Kreger: Great. Thanks. And then, maybe just to expand a little bit more about what you're hearing out of China, given some of the headlines in that region. How comfortable are you that the really strong growth that you guys have seen in the last year can hold up as we move through 2016?
Joe Hogan: China is really interesting in this sense. We saw we doubled our growth last year. We spent a lot of focus in resources on China. The quick answer to your question is that we feel good about China growth next year. We -- just a week ago, we were together with that team. That team is very excited about it as we move into 2016. They are not feeling a lot of what we see and get concerned with from a Western standpoint with what's going on with the Chinese GDP figures and also some of the industrial investment that is going on there. Look, John, I'm long enough in business to always be on my toes in this sense, that something might change, but from what we see right now and what we hear from our sales team from a customer base is we're looking for China demand volume to be equivalent to what we saw in 2015 in the sense of continued growth.
John Kreger: Great. Thanks. And then one last one. Are you seeing any uptick in electronic case receipts for Clear Aligners from any of your partner scanner companies or is it pretty much all still coming in through iTero?
Joe Hogan: It's pretty much all through iTero. We're seeing a little bit right now, but we're just on the beginning edge of the qualifications of those. So specifically Serono. You know that is done. There's a qualification aspect that they are going through with their customers to make that work, but there is nothing that I would say is material and meaningful yet.
John Kreger: Great. Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Newitter of Leerink Partners. Please proceed with your question Richard.
Richard Newitter: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. I had two. One, first, just on the ASP. I caught some of the company-comments that I'm not sure I heard. Can you just go over again what the mix shift was with respect -- I think you said in 4Q in particular that you had a shift towards less complicated cases. And I just wondered, one, was that correct? And then, two, does that have anything to do with just the strength that we're seeing and the pickup in GP utilization? And is that that they are intending to use lower kind of -- or do less complicated cases?
David White: Yeah, Rich. This is David. We announced back in June or July -- I can't remember a specific date on it, a single arch option for both our Express 5 and i7 product, which is our lightest stage internationally and domestically as well as the E10 and light product, which is the 10 stage and 14 stage, respectively -- respective products. And those products have -- and part of the objective of that was to satisfy a need that doctors had in treating people who only had one arch to be treated. Historically, when doctors needed to use an Invisalign product to treat a single arch, they had to pay for the price of both. So, we bundled a -- we debundled that and gave them basically the option to divide a single arch. And we've seen -- if you look at the growth of that product or that class of products in the fourth quarter relative to the rest of our business, they are going at roughly a 50% faster rate than our full cases. And we don't think that rate will necessarily continue, but that in and of itself drove some shift in our overall ASP mix to those lower side products and put some pressure on ASPs as a result. Now, two things about that. One is, when we look at the data from -- the demand from that, we certainly know how many single -- we certainly know how many dual cases we were selling previously where the doctor only wanted to treat one arch. And we can look at how the adoption of that single arch product has accelerated doctors actually using the Invisalign product relative to what they were doing previously. And so we believe we've gotten a lot of incremental volume at the low end for that and so incremental income on the margin from that at the same time.
Richard Newitter: Got it. Thank you. Very helpful. And then, Joe, just with respect to some of the investments that you were talking about, we've heard you in China and getting closer to the customer, we've heard kind of some explanation around the initiatives there that you want to implement. Can you tell us kind of which ones in particular are the top priority as we move into first half of this year and what kind of the payoff landscape or timeline might be for those? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Our top focus right now is APAC. That's where we have the most diversity in the sense of a customer base and I think the most lag time lag just from a distance standpoint and with our current operations. We move over order acquisition, which is basically when someone takes an impression, we do a CT scan and then lower it to a digital file. We move that over, getting it close to the customer who will allow us to improve that part. And then we move treatment planning treatment, which I think is the biggest customer satisfier that we can move with quickly. And we will move that over to different parts of Asia as we go through 2016 and we'll begin probably with EMEA also to begin the foundation of that. Our resources are somewhat limited at times. So, we have to get started in APAC and we will figure out how much residual capacity we have from movement over to Europe on the treatment piece. But we'll move forward with both of those.
Richard Newitter: Thank you.
Joe Hogan: Yeah, Rich.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Lewis of Roth Capital Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Chris Lewis: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to start on the teen segment. You had a nice quarter there. You pointed out the continued strength in North America. Joe, I was hoping you could spend a minute or two just talking about where teen is internationally at this point? And what's the strategy there over the next call it one to three years to really start driving teen in international markets?
Joe Hogan: It's a good question, Chris. I mean I'll just stand on North America for a second. We saw good results this year and even though they are good results, it's still 75% of the marketplace and we're not even near the penetration rate that I feel our product deserves in the sense of that particular demographic. Taking what we have learned from a promotional standpoint a clinical confidence standpoint with customers are moving it overseas. There are parts overseas where we do see better teen engagement, in different parts of APAC and some parts of Europe. But to tell you that there's a magic formula for North America that's transportable to these other markets, it's not. It's very similar to what I had in GD [ph] Healthcare too. When you start to move into these markets, they all have their different idiosyncrasies, so we're going to have to look at each one of the large ones and make sure that we bring our teen product forward in the sense that our customer base is comfortable with it and we're right kind of clinical information that supports that. So, we known in North America we can do that, were confident we'll do it around the world and we can make those kind of progress we saw in North America this year. But there's going to be a lot of work year-in and year out both from a clinical standpoint and also from a sales standpoint and a channel standpoint in order to continue to penetrate that base.
Chris Lewis: Got it. And you talked -- you continue to carve the important of the clinical confidence. I was hoping you could elaborate on that. How are the strategies you've implemented here so far progressing per your expectations? And what types of strategies are you implementing for this year to continue that?
Joe Hogan: Chris, I'd say, starting in Europe, it has gone really well with the TFM process that we use, which is, I think you know, is it's our focused touch point strategy that we have with customers to bring them up the learning curve as quickly as possible. I digress one minute, if you think about what are we doing here in this business, we're taking customers from an analog process to a digital process. And, frankly, it's not easy. I mean, if you take a E5 or E10 case, it might be easy, but as you go up the scale and you start doing different kinds of malocclusions, it gets pretty complicated. And we have to be able to work through -- get customers up that learning curve as quickly as possible in that clinical piece. But also the business piece, too, because cash flow and different things that they associate with their analog business changes pretty dramatically as you move into a digitized business, also. So, from a clinic -- back to the major point that you're making from a clinical piece is doctors want that confidence that they start a case that they can be confident they're going to finish it. They are not embarrassed in front of their customer. They have to call them back in a lot of times. And TFM and those kinds of processes we are putting in place. And frankly, some other things that we're working on inside the company we think are going to be able to improve that clinical competence piece as we go forward.
Chris Lewis: Appreciate it. And then, David, maybe just one more. In terms of Invisalign ASPs, you talked about that shift towards the lower end products. Just looking out in the guidance, it looks like maybe ASPs are down slightly sequentially in the first quarter. I guess first, is that correct? And then, second, any color you can provide on just how we should think about ASPs trending throughout the year in 2016, both in North America along with international markets? Thanks.
David White: So to your point on Q1 ASPs and so forth, when you look at -- as our business grows, there's a number of things that impact the ASPs, as I talked about previously, any product mix shift from full cases to light cases. Any shift from doctors that are high volume doctors to doctors that are less volume-driven doctors can have an impact on it because of our Advantage program, which incentivized doctors to go deep into their practices. And so when we look at those influences going over into 2016, we do have a little bit of ASP pressure on Q1, not very much. Consistent with what we saw in Q4, which was I think $5 I mentioned in my script. And over the course of the year, we would -- as our utilization rates go up, we would expect to see that doctor engagement create some ASP pressure as well. But generally speaking, we would look at ASPs over the course of the year for other factors that we're working on that I won't go into the details on would offset some of those impacts. And so right now, I think we would continue to say holding FX aside and Additional Aligner policy aside and so forth, I think we would say that our ASPs would still be in the flattish type of directional indication.
Chris Lewis: All right.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Chris. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Most of my questions have been addressed, but a couple of bookkeeping items for you, David. As far as the ERP program goes, should we expect that $12 million roughly of spend that is being absorbed in the P&L to go away in 2017? And could you sort of describe some of the benefits you anticipate on the other side of this?
David White: Yeah. The vast majority of that $12 million we would expect to go away in 2017. We will be -- we do have built into 2016 a portion of operating costs associated with the new platform and so forth. So, you won't get all the benefit of the $12 million, but you get the vast majority of it. In terms of benefits, there's a number of them, and I think the ones that we're probably most excited about from a business standpoint have to do with our ability to offer products and services to our customers today -- tomorrow that are very difficult for us to offer to them today because of some system limitations. And so we have a number of ideas that we have not announced at this point that we're actually working on that we hope to be able to launch not far after the date we go live on our new ERP system. And so we think our doctors are going to appreciate some of those changes. We think it will drive improvements in their customer experience. We think it will allow us to get our business more closely aligned with their business model at the same time so that we practice our relationship with them more closely approximates the type of relationship they have with their patients. And I won't go into more details than that, but we think that the customer experience will be greatly enhanced. And then the other thing is from an internal standpoint, when we launch new programs here in the company, there is a significant amount of heavy lifting that has to be done even to announce and launch a new promotion. And when you consider that we have got a number of systems that all have to be updated, they have got to be tested before we can go live on them, et cetera, we believe that having one consistent platform for the company is going to improve our agility as a company, will allow us to be much more responsive to opportunities that we see in the marketplace, as well as our time to launch new initiatives and so forth.
Brandon Couillard: And then last one, can you give us a sense of what we should be embedding for the currency headwind on revenues next year and then any sense of CapEx full spend for the full year?
David White: When you say headwinds in 2016 for FX, right now we are accounting zero because we gave our guidance for the year based at today's current rates. And I don't know what their euro is at right now, but $1.08, $1.09, something like that and all the other currencies roughly at those rates. On the CapEx side, I think our guidance for the quarter was -- is in the press release, like $20 million, $25 million. And I think for the year, it's somewhere going to be in about the $60 million range. Most of that will be spent on manufacturing capacity additions.
Brandon Couillard: Thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Operator, we'll take one last question please.
Operator: Our last and final question comes from the line of Jeff Matthews of Ram Partners. Mr. Matthews please proceed with your question.
Jeff Matthews: Hi, thanks very much. Can you hear me?
Shirley Stacy: Yeah. Hi, Jeff.
Joe Hogan: Clearly hi.
Jeff Matthews: I have two questions. One is a follow-up on Brandon's ERP question. You don't seem to be having the cost overruns and glitches that many other companies do when they get into this. Is that accurate? And is the timetables for going live roughly the same as it was when you started?
David White: So, to your first part of that question, it is a -- I think for any company a change of an ERP system is a significant undertaking. We have a lot of people engaged in doing this. A lot of energy and momentum behind it. So, I wouldn't say it has been easy, but we're making great progress. And when we announced the program a year ago in the same call at the end of Q4 of 2014, we expect it to be going live somewhere around midyear 2016, and we are still on that plan.
Jeff Matthews: Great. Thanks. And then, what I'm really interested in is India and coming on the heels of just marking your 10th year in Japan, because I know you spend a lot of time in Japan working through case complexities before you go into China and I'm just wondering how you view the potential in India relative to what you have seen in China, and is there anything that makes long-term potential there markedly different positively or negatively? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Jeff, I have been doing business in China and India for 15, 20 years and I think they are always in jeopardy of comparing those two markets and trying to make them similar. They are just night and day. I think India has a good opportunity for us. You can see we're going into Tier 1 kind of cities that we will start in. There is a good number of orthodontic case starts that are similar to China, but the similarity really stops there. And so we expect good growth, but I don't expect a lot of what we're doing in China to be transferable to India in the sense from a commercial standpoint. And we're going to have to get into each one of those cities and learn and adapt properly as we move forward. But it is a focus for us. We're going to have to be successful there. But we're going to take it -- we're going to start one step at a time, and 2016 will be a foundational year for us.
Jeff Matthews: Understood. Thanks very much Joe.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Jeff. Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences and industry events, including the Chicago Midwinter Meeting at the end of February. We also hope you'll join us for our Financial Analyst Meeting, which is scheduled for Thursday, June 2nd, in New York City. More details will follow, but for now please hold that date on your calendars. If you have any questions, please contact Align Investor Relations. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc. Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc. David L. White - Align Technology, Inc. Roger E. George - Align Technology, Inc.
Analysts: Nathan A. Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Jon D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Chris Lewis - ROTH Capital Partners LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Align Technology's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy. Thank you. You may now begin.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me today is Joe Hogan, President and CEO, and David White, CFO. We issued third quarter 2015 financial results today via Marketwired, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 P.M. Eastern Time through 5:30 P.M. Eastern Time on October 30. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13621393 followed by #. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the fourth quarter of 2015. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We've posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our third quarter conference call slides, on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some financial highlights and then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments: Invisalign Clear Aligners and Scanner & Services. David will provide more detail on our financials and discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter. Q3 was another good quarter with revenue and EPS above the high end of our guidance. Our results were driven by strong Invisalign case volume, up 2% sequentially and 23% year-over-year, with growth across all customer channels and geographies. North America volumes grew 18.6% year-over-year, and our international geographies were up 35% compared to last year. This growth was driven by continued momentum in EMEA, in APAC, progress in North America, expansion in our low-stage product segment, and seasonally strong uptick in teenage patients. In North America, Invisalign volume was up both sequentially and year-over-year with the highest year-over-year growth rate for North America in three years. Sequential growth was better than expected, driven by seasonally strong teenage demand in ortho channel, where we had another record quarter for utilization at 9.9 cases per doctor. This is the third consecutive record quarter. On a year-over-year basis, growth was driven by both orthos and GPs, reflecting continued adoption of Invisalign by existing ortho customers and expansion of our GP dentist base. Our investments in sales force effectiveness are producing good results. We're pleased with the progress we see in North America. Customers are responding positively to our new sales structure, and we expect to continue to make incremental investments in go-to-market, clinical education and customer support in this important market. Invisalign volume for international doctors was up sequentially and year-over-year. Our international volume continues to be very strong across all countries in both EMEA and Asia-Pacific, which increased 31.5% and 41% respectively. The continued strong growth for international was driven by continued adoption of Invisalign in EMEA and expansion of our customer base in APAC. On a sequential basis, Invisalign volume was better than expected and strong growth in APAC help offset the seasonally slower period in EMEA. In EMEA, our year-over-year growth continued across all major regions with strong performance by Spain, Portugal, France and the UK. Increased coverage and sales execution continues to build strong momentum. We have a good balance of growth from newly-trained and existing customers. In September, we hosted our eighth EMEA summit, our largest to date with almost 500 doctors, including 75 from APAC, coming together for an intense clinical education and peer-to-peer networking conference for Invisalign providers. The program focused on building clinical confidence and expanding early adoption of recent innovations like Invisalign G5 and Invisalign G6 and ClinCheck Pro. We were pleased to hear consistent and constant feedback throughout the summit that doctors are more confident using Invisalign for more complex cases. In Asia-Pacific, Q3 was another record quarter in almost every major country, with China and Japan leading the growth. China now represents our sixth largest country market globally. Q3 utilization was consistent with the prior year and growth reflects continued expansion of our customer base in the region. During the quarter, we continued commercialization activities for the Invisalign G6 across the region with numerous clinical education events in New Zealand, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Japan and Thailand. And in cooperation with Sunny Dental, we helped open the first Invisalign-dedicated clinic in Beijing. In the important teen segment, the total number of Invisalign cases in Q3 increased 22.3% year-over-year. This reflects continued adoption across our customer channels. On a 12-month basis, over 134,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign this past year. Product innovation remains core to our long-term growth and ability to accelerate adoption of Invisalign treatment in both the adult and teenage segments. The extensive new features and functionalities we have introduced over the past five years, including Invisalign G5 and Invisalign G6 as well as SmartTrack Material, have raised the bar for simple and comprehensive clear aligner treatments. While Invisalign clear aligners are already recognized as very credible orthodontic appliances, we will increasingly focus our efforts on creating doctor advocacy for Invisalign clinical competencies. In Q3, our Scanner & Services business revenues were up sequentially from higher sales of iTero scanners. On a year-over-year basis, revenue was down as expected and in line with our guidance as a result of the transition to the new iTero Element scanner. Since its introduction in March, interest and demand for the new iTero Element has been overwhelmingly positive. During the quarter, we completed the initial market release of the iTero Element orthodontic scanner with shipments starting in September. To date, over 2,000 Invisalign cases have been initiated with the new iTero Element. Customers tell us that the new design meets the high level of precision they expect from an iTero, with an Invisalign scan acceptance rate of 99.8%. We will expand the market release of our iTero Element to include restorative applications during Q4 this year. For Q3, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in North America was 40.5%, up from 39% last quarter and 34% the same quarter last year. In North America, our integrated consumer marketing approach continues to be highly impactful, with Q3 consumer search interest for Invisalign treatment up 20% year-over-year. In addition, we had more than 1.3 million unique visitors to our invisalign.com website, and more than 112,000 potential patients search for an Invisalign practice on our doc locator. Our multichannel marketing approach leverages national television, search, digital marketing, PR and social media and is designed to engage consumers throughout every point in the consumer purchase journey. During Q3, we focused on reaching moms and teens during the key back-to-school season by continuing the Invisalign teen confidence campaign we launched in May. The campaign generated more than 385 million consumer impressions across 20 key markets and drove moms to the invisalign.com parent page, with unique visits up 102% during the campaign period. In EMEA, our integrated consumer plan relies heavily on social media and online marketing in key markets. Even with the summer holidays across Europe and related seasonality, we saw great engagement with find-a-doctor searches increasing by 250% year-over-year and 200% growth in our EU social media community. Before I turn the call over to David for a review of our financial performance, I want to comment on two recent litigation filings. This week we dismissed a California state lawsuit originally filed against ClearCorrect in 2011. That suit alleged unlawful business practices regarding pricing and has no bearing on our outstanding patent infringement case against ClearCorrect through the International Trade Commission, ITC, who previously found ClearCorrect to infringe on our patents. ClearCorrect also dismissed a related cross-claim against us in California. In the area of litigation, today we announced that we have filed an infringement and false advertising lawsuit against SmileCareClub, Sharper Image, and Brookstone, companies involved in the sale of do-it-yourself at-home clear aligner products sold directly to consumers. The details related to our claims and specific patents in question are noted in the press release we issued. However, it's worth mentioning here that while this is a new lawsuit, we believe ClearCorrect is treatment planning and manufacturing aligners for SmileCareClub using the same methods that the ITC previously found to infringe on Align's valid patents. We anticipate that additional information regarding this relationship will come to light during discovery. SmileCareClub not only markets and sells its aligners directly to consumers, it also supplies aligners to resellers, Sharper Image and Brookstone stores, who are named in the lawsuit as retailers of the SmileCareClub system. This situation is of particular concern in that it not only involves the marketing and sale of a product we believe infringes Align's patents, SmileCareClub also promotes a treatment option that seeks to eliminate the critical role played by the doctor in the patient's treatment. Align has always believed that orthodontists and dentists play a critical role in successful orthodontic treatment using clear aligners, which is why the Invisalign system is so tightly integrated with the treating dental profession. With over 640 patents worldwide, litigation is part of doing business as an innovative growth company and we will continue to assert and defend our intellectual property rights. The ITC has already found that ClearCorrect's product infringes Align's valid patents, and we are confident that the final outcome in both cases will be a win for Align. I'll now turn the call over to David.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Joe. Let's review our third quarter financial results. Revenue for the third quarter was $207.6 million, down 0.9% from the prior quarter and up 9.4% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Third quarter revenues included a non-cash reduction of approximately $7 million related to our new Additional Aligners policy announced last quarter. Third quarter aligner revenue of $198.3 million was down 1.3% sequentially and up 11.3% year-over-year. The sequential revenue decrease was primarily related to our new Additional Aligners policy as just mentioned. Q3 ASPs were down sequentially about $45, which was almost entirely due to higher revenue deferrals from the new Additional Aligners policy. Excluding Additional Aligners, ASPs were otherwise flat quarter-over-quarter. Our year-over-year revenue growth reflected Invisalign case volume growth across all customer channels, partially offset by lower ASPs, primarily related to foreign exchange rates and the higher revenue deferrals just mentioned. For the third quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 147,500 cases were up 2.0% sequentially, reflecting growth from our North American orthodontic and international customers. Year-over-year case volume growth was 23.3%, driven by growth across all regions, with strength in international and continued progress in North America. For North American orthodontists, Q3 Invisalign case volume was up 5.4% sequentially and up 21.4% year-over-year. For North American GP dentists, case volume was down 2.6% sequentially and up 15.3% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 2.9% sequentially and 35.1% year-over-year. Worldwide Invisalign utilization in Q3 was 4.7 cases per doctor, up slightly from 4.4 cases in Q3 last year. North America ortho utilization of 9.9 cases was a new record, increasing from 8.8 cases in the prior year. North America GP utilization was 2.9 cases, was up slightly from 2.8 cases in the prior year. And international doctor utilization of 4.6 cases was up slightly from 4.3 cases in the prior year. In Q3 we added 2,260 new Invisalign doctors worldwide, 1,060 of which were new North American doctors and 1,200 of which were new international doctors. Q3 is seasonally a slower training quarter due to holidays and summer vacations. So the number of Invisalign doctors trained was down approximately 8% sequentially. Our Scanner & Services revenues were up 7.8% sequentially and down 20.4% year-over-year, primarily as a result of the new iTero Element scanner, which didn't commence shipping until September. Moving on to gross margin, third quarter overall gross margin was 75.9%, up sequentially 0.2 points and down 0.5 points year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the third quarter was 78.8%, up 0.5 points sequentially and down 0.04 points year-over-year. The sequential increase was primarily driven by lower freight costs and seasonally lower training activity, which was only partially offset by the impact of the Additional Aligners policy. The year-over-year decrease in gross margin was primarily the result of lower ASPs, primarily attributable to currency exchange rates and the new Additional Aligners policy, which were partially offset by lower manufacturing costs. Q3 gross margin for our Scanner segment was 14.7%, down 0.3 points sequentially and down 18.8 points year-over-year, both as a result of lower ASP due to a closeout incentive pricing program on our older iTero 2.9 scanner and lower production volumes. Q3 operating expenses were $119.5 million, up sequentially by $3.2 million, primarily due to, first, increased investments to support our continued international growth and expansion and higher media spend. Secondly, costs primarily associated with severance costs for organizational changes previously announced. And third, costs related to the termination of an agreement with a third-party company for product development in the obstructive sleep apnea area. On this latter matter, while we continue to believe opportunities in the OSA market are potentially interesting, we've now decided to remain squarely focused on our core business and organic growth opportunities. On a year-over-year basis, Q3 operating expenses were up $26 million, incidental to the growth of the business as well as our ERP implementation project. Our third quarter operating margin was 18.3%, down 1.9 points sequentially and down 8.8 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating margin relates primarily to the impact on revenue of the new Additional Aligners policy, which amounted to 2.6 points, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs. The year-over-year impact relates primarily to these factors as well as foreign currency exchange rates and investments in the business related to sales expansion, R&D and ERP. With regards to our third quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 24.3%, down 1.9 points from our Q2 tax rate. This is primarily due to a tax benefit as a result of the filing of our U.S. federal tax return this quarter. Third quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.34 compared to $0.39 reported in Q2 and $0.47 reported in the same quarter last year. Third quarter EPS was impacted by approximately $0.06 related to the company's new Additional Aligners policy. Further, the year-over-year impact from foreign exchange as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar, including the decline on revenues, the benefit on our non-U.S. dollar operating expenses, together with currency exchange losses reported in other income and expense, was $0.04 per share. Moving on to the balance sheet, capital expenditures for the third quarter were $10.5 million, primarily related to added equipment capacity to our second manufacturing facility in Juarez, Mexico as well as additional costs capitalized on our ERP project. Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $60.1 million. And free cash flow for the third quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $49.6 million. As a side note, on a trailing 12-month basis our free cash flow as a percentage of revenue was 22.7%, consistent with our long-term model target of 20% to 25%. During the third quarter we repurchased 662,000 shares of stock, including 332,000 shares related to the completion of the company's previously announced $70 million accelerated stock repurchase and 330,000 shares, amounting to $18.8 million, in open market repurchases. As another side note, our last 12 months of stock repurchases, together with cash used to pay employee taxes for the net settlement of vesting employee stock that otherwise would've been issued, amounted to 71% of our worldwide free cash flow. We believe our free cash flow generation and these repurchases are consistent with our expressed capital allocation objectives of returning cash flow in excess of that needed to run and grow the business to our shareholders. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short- and long-term investments, were $630 million. This compared to $602.6 million at the end of 2014, an increase of approximately $27.4 million. Of our $630 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $213 million was held by the U.S. and $417 million held by our international entities. With that, let's now turn to our business outlook for the fourth quarter and the factors that inform our view, starting with the demand outlook. For North America, we're encouraged by continued progress in North America, with Q3 volume growth rates above our three-year average. While we continue to gain share in the important teen segment, the fourth quarter has historically been a seasonally slower quarter for ortho teen case starts. Notwithstanding the seasonal pattern, we expect North American Invisalign case volume to be up sequentially from Q3. For international, Q4 has historically been a seasonally stronger quarter for EMEA and a seasonally slower to flat quarter for APAC. In total, we expect international volumes to also be up sequentially from Q3. As a reminder, the changes for the new Additional Aligners policy applied to all new Invisalign Full, Teen and Assist products, our full product group, shipped worldwide after July 18, 2015 as well as any such open cases started prior to this product policy change. As a result, beginning in Q3 our deferrals increased as a result of providing these Additional Aligners at no charge and the grandfathering of over 1 million open cases. The effect on our future revenue is two-fold. The first is an increase in the amount we defer for each new case we ship. The second impact is that revenue recognized on each Additional Aligner shipment will be lower than the amounts we've historically recognized until these grandfathered cases are completed, which we anticipate will take approximately two years. As a result of this policy change, we expect Q4 2015 to be lower than it otherwise would've been by approximately $7 million to $8 million. This is consistent with the guidance we gave in our Q2 earnings call. For 2016, we expect this impact to be between $25 million and $30 million in total. Relative to our historical growth rates, we believe the current-year clear aligner volume growth will more than offset this impact on future revenues. With this as a backdrop, we expect the fourth quarter to shape up as follows. Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 154,900 cases to 157,400 cases, up approximately 22% to 24% over the same period a year ago. We expect Q4 net revenues to be in the range of $223 million to $227.9 million. We expect gross margin to be in the range of 75.7% to 76.2%. We expect operating expenses to be in the range of $114.7 million to $116.3 million. Our operating margin should be in the range of 24.3% to 25.1%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 24.5%. And diluted shares outstanding should be approximately 81.4 million, exclusive of any share repurchases. Taken together, we expect diluted EPS to be in the range of $0.50 to $0.53. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Joe.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, David. I'm pleased with our Q3 results, which reflect stable patient traffic in our customers' offices and their confidence in using Invisalign on more patients and on more complex cases. Our goal is to be the best partner by providing great treatment experiences for our doctors and their patients. Overall, we continue to see good momentum across our customers' channels and believe our investments in sales, marketing and R&D are helping to drive growth. Thank you for your time today. I look forward to updating you on our progress. With that, we'll open up the call to your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs.
Nathan A. Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, this is Nathan Rich on for Bob this afternoon. A couple of questions on guidance. First, it looks like guidance implies that ASPs will be up sequentially in the fourth quarter versus the third, if I'm doing that math right. Just wondering if you could give us some more details on your expectations for both North America and international ASPs. I think there are a decent amount of moving pieces just with the revenue recognition change, FX and case mix.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: Hi, Nathan, it's David. Thanks for the question. As it relates to ASPs in the fourth quarter and the outlook as it relates there, too, we are expecting a modest increase in ASPs in Q4, not actually that substantial, primarily due to fewer promotions we run in Q4 versus what we typically do in third quarter. The other piece of it is that we implemented a price increase internationally in July and it takes a while for that price increase to work its way through work-in-process and cases that are in various stages of submission. And so ,we only got a partial benefit of that last quarter. We expect to get full benefit of that this quarter. So, those are the two things factoring from a positive standpoint. There is a little bit of FX headwind, but not very much, but a little bit positive on the ASP.
Nathan A. Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, makes sense. And then, if I could just ask on the operating margin guidance as well. It looks like for the fourth quarter you are expecting a pretty big step up in EBIT margins. Just wanted to get your sense of how much visibility you feel like you have here? Is it just a factor of sort of leveraging higher sales volumes? And maybe could you talk about the productivity of the sales people that you've brought on and how you feel about that return on investment?
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: So, possibly two questions there. As it relates to operating margin, our Q4 visibility, if you kind of drill down a little bit into it, you'll see that our guidance for gross margin is pretty consistent with our actual results in Q3. And where the uplift really in operating margin in Q4 comes from is the fact that our operating expenses are going down slightly quarter-over-quarter on higher revenue. And so that's the principal driver. I think it's about nine points of the operating margin increase quarter-over-quarter is that factor right there.
Nathan A. Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: Okay.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Nathan. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. So I'll ask two, one for Joe, and then, sorry, is Roger on the call as well?
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Yes.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So first for Joe. So, Joe, could you take a step back and just talk about the volumes and maybe rank-order what the drivers are? If you take a step back and say we have growth that's materially above 20%, you listed off quite a few items that the company did well during the quarter. But if you had to look at one or two things and say, look, this is really what has sequentially come on and made the business grow faster here in 2015, what would those one or two things be and how do you see those evolving from here?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I think versus last year is, first of all, you have to look at North America. I mean, it's the strongest comparison that we have year-over-year because they did have a poor 2014 then. And so if you look at, the growth has been there, the orthodontic sector has been terrific for us. You can see we have a penetration rate there that's a record at 9.9. And so that's very significant. We are seeing growth again in the GP area and double-digit growth that we hadn't experienced in North America prior to that in the few previous years. So I think overall that's probably one of the biggest variance I'd say year-to-year. What we had from a continuous standpoint, is you can see the terrific growth we have going on in EMEA right now in Europe and also the continued growth that we have in APAC also, which is very strong. And so, that's continued momentum and it's also on top of some pretty strong numbers from last year. So, I think those four variables I would say, Steve, overall are the big drivers.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: You haven't been, I'd, say wildly optimistic about GP. I mean do you think the double-digit growth in GP is sustainable in North America?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, I think there's an aspect of GP that we don't go deep in GP right now, we go wide. So you can see we have about 2.9 or 3 cases per GP unit versus 9.9 cases on ortho. As we add sales people, we know we get more sales in GP. We have to work on and I think what you said, I haven't talked about that a lot, I'm not enthusiastic about it I think what your words were. I am, it's just we have to do better at penetration in that segment and that's what we really have to work on.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just one for Roger, I think, first of all, welcome back to the call, Roger.
Roger E. George - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I know this is your favorite part of the job. The SmileCareClub litigation was, I guess, a little surprising. How big are they right now? Are they even 2% or 3% of the market? And I guess while we're on the legal topic, I mean, what do you think the timelines could be as it relates to some enforcement around ClearCorrect?
Roger E. George - Align Technology, Inc.: Sure. So as far as the market size of SmileCareClub, it's negligible. We don't see them that much out there. As far as timing on ClearCorrect, the case at the ITC was appealed up through the federal courts, most recently at the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals, and oral arguments were held in August. And we expect a written decision from the court sometime in the first quarter of next year.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much, everyone.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Steve. Next question?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kreger from William Blair.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. Joe, just to follow up on the last question about key growth drivers. What's your assessment about the underlying market growth, particularly for orthodontists? Would you characterize it as stable or are you seeing any improvement there?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: You mean from a market overall, John, you mean outside of us or just the market itself?
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. So in other words, looking at that 23% case growth, how much of that if any do you think is market?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, I think we have a favorable market behind us, John, is the way that I'd answer that question. I mean, we don't have a down market behind us, and that kind of market momentum is really helpful. To tell you how many points of growth that I think have to do with the market itself versus what we're driving from a penetration standpoint, I really don't have that kind of information. And so, I can't give you the specifics like that. But it's beneficial to have a market that's growing behind you.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: And typically, John, as you know, the industry has typically grown in low single-digits. And so nothing substantial has changed in that standpoint.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Okay. And Joe, as you've had a bit more time to kick the tires, so to speak, around the world can you maybe comment on what your priorities are going to be over the next year?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, I mean priority is obviously growth in profitability overall for the company from a growth standpoint, John, staying on your original question. The international part is a big part of our growth and where you're going to see us continue to invest heavily in that area to drive the growth that we think we can get there. But that doesn't mean we'll negate North America. North America is a big market. There is kind of a lot of a law of large number issue in North America, we report lower percentages. But when you look at case volumes, they could be fairly close together. And so you'll see us continue to invest pretty aggressively from a distribution standpoint in all three regions.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then one last one, now that you've had a few months to assess how clients are viewing the new policy about not charging for additional aligner refinements. How is that impacting client behavior if at all, and are there sort of key regions where that has been a bigger driver than others?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I think you can ask that question two ways, John. Is it a negative driver in the sense we see people trying to maybe take advantage of the policy? And then the other side of it is how comfortable does it make our customer base. We haven't seen any variant that would say that this is being abused in some way. And really I've been personally amazed that a number of comments that I get really all over the world on that change. And there is no question it is exactly the way the team represented us before I got here is that this was the number one biggest attractor that we had in the marketplace regarding our product and our policies. I'll give you an example. We talked about in our script about the Spain program that we had this year and that we just got back from. I had several doctors come up to me and just say, you know, Joe, it really increases my clinical confidence to have this policy changed. And they said because we feel like you have our back, if we run into an issue with something. It's a difficult case in some way, we don't feel like we're stranded. And I never thought that that would be one of the side effects or secondary effects of making that kind of a change. So it's been overwhelmingly received in a very positive way. And I think some of the surveys that I know you guys do and that I read, you can see a lot of the dentists that are surveyed on this will tell you that they feel happy about that and they'll be more aggressive about using Invisalign in the future, and that was the purpose of what we did.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Okay, John. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Newitter from Leerink Partners.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, good afternoon. This is Robbie actually in for Rich. Thank you for taking the questions. Actually, I had one follow-up on some of the doctor comments that you had made about GP adoption. Just curious in terms of, it sounds like you expect GP year-over-year growth to continue in that double-digit range. In terms of the doctors that you guys trained in the quarter, do you give any breakout in terms of how many of those are GPs versus orthodontics?
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: Okay.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: We do have data to tell you how many. I think David will take you through that.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: I think if you look at the website slides, we probably break it out.
Unknown Speaker: And is that number like new doctors?
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: North America total?
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: North America total.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah, total.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah, but that doesn't break down...
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Most of the doctors we train are GPs, right?
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: Yes. Correct.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: So if you guys recall historically and you can probably look at some of the historical data that we used to provide, but most of the doctors in North America are GPs.
Unknown Speaker: And is that level increasing historically, or is it still  it's most and that's what we should expect going forward?
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: No, you should expect that going forward most of the doctors we train will be GPs.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: In the North America.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Yes, in North America.
Unknown Speaker: Great, thanks. And then maybe one on litigation. Is there any read-through on this California dismissal with ITC that both you guys have now dismissed that lawsuit against one another to a potential settlement with the ITC litigation?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Can you repeat that, I didn't hear the first part of that.
Unknown Speaker: Should we take the dismissal of the litigation in California by both parties as any sort of indication that there could be a settlement or are you just  should we just assume that you're willing to hear the ITC case play out?
Roger E. George - Align Technology, Inc.: You should not assume there will be a settlement.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Great. And then maybe one more on the Scanners business, this came in a little bit lower than we had expected. Any sort of  was that just seasonality or are you seeing any sort of capital challenges in that business there?
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: So, (sic) Robbie, on the Scanner business it really has little to do I think with seasonality and everything to do with the cycle we're at in terms of transitioning from our historical Scanner, which we called 2.9, to our new scanner called Element. And we began shipping that product in September and up until that point in time we had been winding down the sale of the older 2.9. So it's more a function of that than anything else.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Robert W. Baird.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Joe, I wanted to start with you maybe, strong fourth quarter guidance on the case shipments. So I think I know the answer to this already. But are you seeing any fade at all in China from a demand standpoint? In the U.S. a little concern that maybe we started to see some consumer softening kind of in the September time period in that. Are you seeing anything in your kind of month-to-month numbers that would worry you, either China or the U.S., at this point?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: The quick answer, Jeff, is no. China continues to be very strong. We had a good, strong September here in North America, too. I understand the basis of your question; I worry about it, too. What's the economic activity going on in those particular areas? But right now I'm not seeing any effect on the business in that sense.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, that's what your guidance would imply, too, so thanks. And then, David, maybe just a clarifying question for you on the Additional Aligner policy. I'm going back to my notes here, but the guidance you gave for the revenue impact in 2016, the $25 million to $30 million, that's the total revenue drag from that policy in 2016 versus what looks like it's now going to be a $13 million or $14 million drag in 2015. So the incremental drag, if you will, is only about $12 million to $15 million, is that the way to think about it?
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: That's correct and that's primarily because it's only a six-month drag on 2015.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, yeah. Fair enough. I just wanted to make sure. And then my last question just I guess with Roger there I'll ask him, but I thought I remembered, guys, that with the ClearCorrect ITC ruling that even in appeals they could be risking some hefty day-to-day fines if they were still digitally treatment planning. So wondering, one, am I right on that? And two, does that mean anything in conjunction with what you said about them potentially treatment planning the SmileCareClub cases, and just wondering if there is any impact to potential risk there from that standpoint for them?
Roger E. George - Align Technology, Inc.: I don't remember specifically what the ruling is on damages in the interim, but it's continued infringement from our point of view. And it doesn't affect, I mean it's the same thing, whether they are doing it for themselves or whether they are doing it for SmileCareClub.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, that's helpful. Maybe I'll ask a couple more offline on that later tonight. Thanks, guys.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Block from Stifel.
Jon D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. I'll focus on utilization. I guess the year-over-year GP utilization was up for the second straight quarter after being down every quarter in 2014. So, Joe, can you talk about the sustainability here with that increase, with the greater sales rep count, and maybe where you are with the sales initiative in that really long GP tail? And then part two to that would be, in the ortho channel the utilization increases have been huge. And can that continue with the current call it G portfolio or should we expect you'll need another iteration on that front?
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Hi, Jon, I think on the ortho channel side  I'll just start with that question before I back up what GP is. I think you'll see, just getting used to the statistics in this business, but I think you'll see that it normally goes down from third quarter to fourth quarter on the penetration rate. And it has to do with the teen cases that tend to come in in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. So I think what you might you see is a little lower penetration rate on the ortho side for North America as we go into the fourth quarter. But that's just statistical and based on year-to-year. There is nothing in a sense of the demand pattern to think that we see any interest that we have in orthos on that. On the GP side, Jon, I'm just  again, my newness in this business makes me more cautious than I normally am. But what the correlation I see right now on the GP side is you have to make sure that you continue to approach this market in the GP side with sales people, because it's hard for us to have any really meaningful increase when you look at the amount of utilization that's going on in that channel. And so we've proven so far I think in 2015 is if you add sales people to this, there is a marketplace we can continue to get growth. There are some sales models that we're transferring in from  in Europe from a penetration standpoint  that we're going to employ in North America next year as a trial to see if we can help with some of that penetration. That will apply both to ortho and GP, too. Secondly is, and we talked to you before about the sales associates that we've added recently, which are basically what I would say back office support that actually make phone calls and all to customers andnot direct. We've seen some success with that model, too, and I think that might help us on the GP sector also in the sense of how do we go about that, how do we really  I've talked about this before too, Jon  how do we really segment that marketplace to see where we think we can get further penetration with doctors that are truly interested and taking Invisalign to another level, versus doctors that might just be curious on it and wanting to work with it, not necessarily in the in-depth way that we would want.
Jon D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Very helpful. And then...
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: And that's a lot...
Jon D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: It's a lot, but it's all very helpful. So I appreciate that. And then, David, just to shift gears for a second, you got the question earlier on leverage and your commentary was, well, revenues are up and OpEx is down and that doesn't happen too frequently. And I'm not asking for a 2016 guidance, but I just want to make sure, we've had situations before where your 4Q to 1Q, your leverage is usually down pretty dramatically because you've got some one-time expenses that sort of get re-upped. Can you give any color around leverage as we look out, exiting sort of 2015 into 2016, maybe near-term, long-term? Because again, the move from 3Q to 4Q is just tremendous. Is there anything that comes back into play on the OpEx front once we enter 2016? Thanks, guys.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: So, to the first part of that that you asked as it relates to some of the seasonality you might see in our performance, financially and so forth, you're right to call that Q1 typically is down for us. And largely, for things that are external to the company like the fact that payroll taxes start over. We have a lot of employees here in the U.S. whose payroll taxes start over and our portion of that that we have to pay. At the same time, we have internal items that influence that, such as we have focal salary reviews and increases  performance reviews and increases at that point in time. So those all put pressure, you might say, on operating expense uplift in Q1. And then, when you add to that the fact that, when we go through our annual operating plan cycle, we go through a process that looks at basically our baseline organic business in terms of what do we think our business can sustain without any additional resources, and then we look at that relative to where do we have investment opportunities and how would those investment opportunities drive both short-term as well as long-term growth of the top line and penetration into the business. And a lot of times, those investments all get made early in the beginning of the year as well, and this last year  this year that we're currently in is a case in point. We made investments in all three of our regions at the beginning of the year to begin driving further penetration within existing doctors and bringing new doctors into the family, so to speak. So there is that piece of it. I think you should anticipate that we will, as our historical pattern has shown, that we'll be making large investments, incremental investments as we move into 2016 and that that will create some downward pressure on Q1. And hopefully by the time we get to the end of the year, we begin seeing a lot of uplift to our business as we're seeing this year. Longer-term than that, Joe mentioned the fact that we see a pretty good correlation between our investments that we make in the field and investments that we make in products, one driving adoption, the other driving doctor coverage and so forth. I think that will be our business for a while. I think our challenge long-term is finding the right balance between the investments that we believe we can execute on, and at the same time, be good caretakers of being financially responsible for finding that right balance between our short-term performance and our long-term performance. So our long-term model that we've talked about historically, we still believe that's the right model for us, and that's where we'll continue to strive the business.
Jon D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Perfect. All right. Thanks, guys.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, John. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Lewis from ROTH Capital Partners. Mr. Lewis, your line is live.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Chris, are you there?
Chris Lewis - ROTH Capital Partners LLC: Hey, guys, can you hear me all right?
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, there you are. Yeah, we can hear you fine.
Chris Lewis - ROTH Capital Partners LLC: Sorry about that. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to start on the fourth quarter gross margin guidance. When I think about ASPs ticking up sequentially along with the strong implied sequential case volume growth, midpoint of the fourth quarter gross margin guidance implies a flattish level from the third quarter. So can you just walk us through the factors that are layering into that outlook, despite the sequential ASP and volume pick up?
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: Well, we do have some ASP uplift. But we also have a higher training volume during this quarter, which typically is with lower gross margin. So that tends to hold some of that uplift back as a result. The other piece of it is that we are shipping our Element product this quarter, and Element, although it is a much better business model, you might say, for our company in many respects and I think also for the doctor and it does have a higher gross margin than the older version, it is still below our clear aligner overall gross margin. And so as that Element business picks up, that also puts some downward pressure, you might say, on the gross margin, just from a mix standpoint.
Chris Lewis - ROTH Capital Partners LLC: Then on the OSA market opportunity, can you talk about that decision and potentially quantify the impact that will have on R&D spend going forward? Thanks.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: I'll let David do the quantification, Chris. I'd say that when you look at that, it's not that we didn't that OSA was a good market. In fact, it might be a good market for some company at some point in time in the sense of how that can compete against other kinds of opportunities out there. But from us, we have I feel much better places in our core market to invest that money right now and that's what we're going to do in the future is just stay focused.
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: And back to your question about impact, we gave some guidance at the beginning of the year that we thought OSA would be somewhere around a 1 point cost on revenue. And you'll see in the slides that we've provided on the webcast in the quarter the wind-down cost on that was about $0.02 a share.
Chris Lewis - ROTH Capital Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Joseph M. Hogan - Align Technology, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. See you.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up coming from Richard Newitter from Leerink Partners.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Hey, Rich?
Unknown Speaker: Hi, thanks. It's actually Robbie. Thanks for taking the follow-up again.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Oh, sorry. Hi, Robbie.
Unknown Speaker: No problem. I have a question maybe on ASPs for sort of by product segment, the Express and Light segment. It looks like it's stepped down a little bit again sequentially. How should we think about that going forward in terms of is this the new normal or should we continue to expect price declines from this area?
David L. White - Align Technology, Inc.: So, Robbie, as we've talked about in the past, there's a lot of variables that make up our ASP. And they come down  if I summarize them at the highest level, they come down to product mix, doctor mix, and  let me focus on those two for a second. So when you look at product mix, certainly lower-stage products and so forth are going to drive down  all other things being equal, a richer mix of lower-stage products will obviously bring ASPs down. And from time to time you're going to see us running promotions and so forth to incent doctors to give those low-stage cases, prize and so forth. But ultimately an objective for many doctors is to treat those and to get them to not only treat the simple cases but get them to build their clinical confidence on those simple cases and begin adopting full cases, where they feel they're capable and confident that they can do so. So you're going to see some ups and downs on product mix. And as we introduce new products in the future and so forth, I think you can anticipate that most of our R&D effort is focused on improving the clinical efficacy in those more complex cases. I think you'll see pressure from a product mix standpoint going in the other direction. So I wouldn't be too fixated I think on the last quarter or so as we ran some promotions on that case. We've said over time that over the long period we think ASPs can be relatively stable, plus or minus. And the other piece that kind of enters into it, the second piece I forgot to mention is when you look at the types of doctors we're bringing in. So as we dabble and penetrate and so forth the GP market, those doctors that are submitting lower cases are typically paying higher prices for those cases. As those doctors get engaged, whether they're GPs or orthos, they have an opportunity to participate in volume discounts. And so as we improve utilization in either the GP channel or in the ortho channel, we basically share, you might say, with those doctors some of the economic benefits of that adoption from the standpoint they get higher discounts and of course we're getting more volume as a result. And depending upon how that mix is from one quarter to the next, you're going to see some volatility, you might say, in ASPs. So for example in Q3 we know it's a heavy quarter for teens, particularly here in North America, and that typically goes to orthos. And when you look at ortho adoption, our ortho doctors are typically the ones that participate more regularly in those advantage pricing tiers and so forth. So I wouldn't get too fixated with some ups and downs that you're going to see quarter-to-quarter. And as I said a minute ago, over the long term we think ASPs will be stable, plus or minus.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thank you for the very detailed response. Appreciate it.
Shirley Stacy - Align Technology, Inc.: Thanks, (sic) Robbie. Well, everyone, I think this concludes our call today. We appreciate your time and look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences and industry meetings. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications, IR Joe Hogan - President, CEO David White - CFO
Analysts: Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Jon Block - Stifel Nicolaus John Kreger - William Blair Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Align Technology Incorporated Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, Vice President, Corporate and Investor Communications for Align Technology. Thank you. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon. And thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and David White, CFO. We issued our second quarter 2015 financial results today via MarketWire, which is available on our Web site at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our Web site for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on July 30th. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13612927 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including statements about Align's future events, product outlook, and the expected financial results for the third quarter 2015. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail on our most recent periodic reports filed the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. We have posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements including the corresponding reconciliations and our second quarter conference call slides on our Web site under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe?
Joe Hogan: Thanks Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. It's a pleasure for me to be here today reporting my first quarter with Align. On our call today, I will provide some financial highlights and then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments; Invisalign Clear Aligners and Scanner & Services. Dave will provide more detail on our financials and discuss our outlook for the third quarter. Our second quarter results were good driven by strong Invisalign case volume up 10.5% sequentially and 21% year-over-year with growth across all customer channels and geographies. North America volumes grew 17% year-over-year and our international geographies were up 30% compared to last year. Revenue was near the high-end of our guidance reflecting better than expected volumes offset somewhat by lower ASPs. On a constant currency basis total Q2 revenues were up 14.2% year-over-year and Clear Aligner revenues were up 17.5% year-over-year. In North America, Invisalign volume is driven by growth on both ortho and GP customers. We had another record quarter for North American ortho. Utilization was an increase to 9.5 cases per doctor. North American GP dentist utilization grew slightly to 3 cases per doctor in conjunction with the significant increase in the base of our GP dentist customers. We trained about 1000 doctors during Q2, one of our highest training quarters ever and have more active GPs than ever. I will share a few highlights for North America. We are continuing to implement our sales expansion program and are making progress. Our new approach to customer segmentation and partnering with our customers, practices has been received very positively by our doctors including the addition of our strategic account manager role for a high volume and multi-office customers. The increase in sales reps has increased doctor touch points in both numbers and frequency. Our Invisalign Express 5 promotion was well-received by customers and resulted in a better than expected uptake in volume and mix shift to entry level product this quarter. In Q3, we adjusted the E5 promotions to support the launch of our new single arch Aligners offering. Invisalign volumes for international doctors continue to be strong for both EMEA and Asia Pacific reflecting ongoing adoption and expansion of our customer base. We had record volume in most every major country in Europe as well as China, Japan, Southeast Asia and Taiwan. A few highlights from EMEA, 27% year-over-year shipment growth driven by continued strong growth in Spain, France, U.K. and Italy. Our performance has been driven by a significant increase in utilization up 1.6 cases per doctor following the recent launches of Invisalign G5 and G6 as well as ClinCheck Pro. We continue to benefit strongly from our focus sales approach in each of our markets as well as from our newly integrated markets in Scandinavia and Eastern Europe, which are showing very good growth. A few highlights for Asia Pacific, 39% year-over-year shipment growth driven by China, Japan, Southeast Asia and Taiwan, which is now a direct sales country for us. We ran a very successful Invisalign form in China with over 400 doctors from the private sector supporting our drive for broader penetration of the market. China is now our largest Invisalign market in Asia Pacific. In the important teen segment, the total number of Invisalign cases in Q2 increased 18% year-over-year reflecting a good start to the teen orthodontic season. We are looking forward to a busy summer especially in the North American ortho channel where teenage cases were up 22% year-over-year in Q2. Product innovation aims to create greater doctor preference for Invisalign by delivering new features and functionality to help doctors treat more patients and more complex cases with Invisalign. We continue to make progress with the launch of our Invisalign G6 that's our solution for the First Premolar Extraction cases. Early signs are very promising around adoption of Invisalign G6, which is very important for the complex treatment needs in Asia and ClinCheck Pro, which has now been adopted by over 60% of our customers since its launch earlier this year. In Q2, our Scanner & Services business revenues were down sequentially as expected given the launch. Not yet available our next generation iTero Element scanner, interest and demand for our new scanner has been very strong and we expect upcoming availability in shipping of the scanner in Q3 to help resume top-line growth. We first previewed the iTero Element at the IDS show in Germany this past March. Then at the AAO in San Francisco in May and at our recent Invisalign GP summit in Las Vegas earlier this month. I have seen the iTero Element in action and the enthusiasm from our customers piloting is contagious. Let me give you an example of how different the scanner is. At the GP summit, we had a scanning competition among practice stuff where they competed for the fastest scan time. The winning time was 2 minutes and 16 seconds and all finalists were under 3 minutes that's a big game changer in terms of efficiency of a patient appointment in the practice. Immediately after the contest was over doctors placed orders for 35 scanners in total this summer, we took orders from more than 100 new iTero Element scanners all attendees left the summit with a clear vision of what the future of iTero Element can offer and highly motivated about what it can do in their practice. For Q2, total orders for iTero Element were about 700 scanners, 2x higher than total scanner orders a year ago. While this is my first Invisalign summit, our broader team and many of our attendees have remarked that it was the best GP summit ever in terms of doctor participation, energy, excitement and commitment to do more. Many doctors expressed the recognition of our North American go-to-market changes with a number of sales reps and the quality of the call and they also recognized recent improvements to customer experience. Our teen message of Invisalign its everyday dentistry really resonated with them and they are beginning to see beyond just straightening teeth with the continuum of oral care and patient health with us. Consumer interest in Invisalign brand continue to be strong in Q2 with over 1.3 million unique visitors to Invisalign.com doctor locators searches were up 26% year-over-year. And consumer request for more information up 27% year-over-year in North America. We also saw increased awareness with over 534,000 people visiting EMEA Web sites in Q2 and 157,000 of them searching for an Invisalign provider and 3x growth in the Invisalign social media community over the last year and a half. Before I turn it over to David, I would like to share some of my initial observations and areas of focus over the next few months. I expect the past six out of eight weeks visiting our key locations in North America, EMEA and Israel. And I feel like I'm ramping up pretty quickly. The changes in our North American sales organization were absolutely needed. I like to relate that resources have been aligned and how we have sub-segmented the ortho and GP customers. In the second half, we will build out our North American team even further with the addition of an inside sales program to further support customers particularly newly trained and lower volume doctors. Invisalign is not just a simple piece of plastic, I can't stress that enough. Our stereolithography manufacturing process which creates 150,000 aligners each day, each one being unique along with our treatment planning technology represents one of the most automated processes I have ever seen. Together these capabilities deliver very compelling treatment planning and manufacturing process that predictively moves teeth. Align has build a huge amount of accumulated know-how and IP that make me feel very confident of our competitive position going forward. International has experienced more direct competition in certain markets in North America. We have proven, we can be effective in diverse markets and maintain ASPs net of foreign exchange. I'm impressed with our company and the progress we continue to make globally, international growth and expansion has been tremendous and is the biggest opportunity for us as we go forward. For that reason today we're now seeing changes to better support regional growth and priorities and to extend best practices across the company. Raphael Pascaud has done a terrific job leading the international organization and has delivered geographic expansion, adoption and best practice across EMEA and APAC. He is now going to focus his attention and skills on our global marketing and business development efforts. With this change all three sales regions, North America, EMEA and APAC will now report directly to me. My experience tells me that this is the best way to stay in touch with the pulse of the business and to provide the inside direction each region needs to continue to grow. Finally, a focus on customers is not new to Align, or to most global companies, most successful organizations have recognized the strategic value by having a customer centric focus has on growth and value creation. One of the key metrics used for measuring customer experience is Net Promoter Score or NPS. There is a high correlation between NPS and growth, both in terms of revenue and profitability. I introduced NPS in GE Healthcare and also ABB, so I'm pleased to see it at Align. We began our customer experience initiatives several years ago and we are committed delivering a better customer experience for our doctors and their patients. Our goal is to continue to improve how customers experience our products and services. Our businesses, processes and interactions with them in the Invisalign and iTero brands. Over the past two years, we've made improvements in each of these areas and as a result our key customer experience measure for success are Net Promoter Score or NPS has continued to rise. Our promoters do two extra cases of our detractors and we believe that improving our customer experience and NPS will further increase volume over time. To that end I'm pleased to announce that we recently implemented a new policy than we're closely to align to our business with the way our customers manage their practices and treat patients. The new policy is called Additional Aligners at no charge and it addressed our number one complaint from customers. We've historically charged customers for additional aligners ordered to be on both covered by the initial treatment plan. With this policy, Align will no longer distinguish between mid-course corrections and case refinements and will allow doctors to order additional aligners to address either treatment need at no charge. We expect this now policy will result in significant improvement in customer satisfaction and loyalty which we believe will help and increase Invisalign utilization and volume over time. David will walk you through the details of the new policy and the impact on our deferred revenues. And with that I'll now turn it over to David for a review of our Q2 financial results.
David White: Thanks Joe. Let's review our second quarter financial results. Revenue for the second quarter was $209.5 million up 5.8% from the prior quarter and up 8.8% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. On a constant currency basis consolidated world wider revenues were up 1.42% year-over-year. Second quarter Clear Aligner revenue up $200.8 million was up 7.4% sequentially and 11.7% year-over-year. On a constant currency basis Clear Aligners revenues were up 17.5% year-over-year. The sequential revenue growth reflected higher volumes across all of our major geographies and channels offset by lower worldwide ASPs. Q2 ASPs were down sequentially about $35 which is primarily due to higher promotional discounts, higher revenue deferrals as we treat more complex cases and foreign exchange. These costs were only partially mitigated by a price increase we implemented in North America, while that price increase took effect April 1, 2015 it only had a partial impact on the quarter as we work through orders placed at the older price. The largest promotional impact on ASP was related to a new staff Aligner promotion launched in North America in February. This promotion allows active Invisalign trained doctors, who met certain criteria to treat one staff member per year at a reduced price. The promotion is intended to increase practice utilization especially among low volume customers as staff members experienced first hand an Invisalign treatment and have opportunity to share their experience with their patients. We ran a similar program across EMEA last year albeit on a much smaller scale. While it's still very early in terms of this promotion that group participating EMEA doctors has grown 10% faster than non-participating doctors. Our year-over-year revenue growth reflected Invisalign case volume growth across all customer channels partially offset by lower ASPs primarily ready to foreign exchange rates and higher revenue deferrals as just mentioned. For the second quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 144.6000 cases were up 10.6% sequentially reflecting growth from our international and North American customers. Year-over-year case volume growth was 21.2% reflecting continued strength in international as well as growth from our North America orthodontists and to a lesser extent our North American GP dentists. For North American orthodontists, Q2 Invisalign cases were up 7.9% sequentially and up 21.6% year-over-year. For North American GP dentists case volume was up 11.1% sequentially and 13% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 13.3% sequentially and 30.4% year-over-year. Q2 marks the 7th consecutive quarter of greater than 25% growth from our international region. Worldwide Invisalign utilization in Q2 was 4.6 cases per doctor up slightly from 4.4 in Q2 last year. In North America ortho utilization of 9.5 was a new record increasing from 8.4 in the prior year. In North America GP utilization of 3.0 was up slightly from 2.9 in the prior year. And international doctor utilization of 4.6 was up slightly from 4.5 in the prior year. In Q2, we added 2555 new Invisalign doctors worldwide, 1120 of which were new North American doctors and 1335 of which were new international doctors. Our Scanner & Services segment was down sequentially as expected due primarily to the announcement of our next generation iTero Element Intraoral scanner in March. Second quarter revenue of $8.7 million equates to 21.6% sequentially and 32.2% year-over-year reflecting reduced pricing for the current iTero scanner as well as lower scanner volumes as some customers delayed purchase decisions and many others ordered our new iTero element which is expected to comment shipping in North America in the third quarter. Moving on to gross margin; second quarter overall gross margin was 75.7% down sequentially 0.6 points and up 0.1 point year-over-year. Clear Aligner gross margin for the second quarter was 78.3% down 0.8 points sequentially and down 0.5 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease was primarily the result of lower ASPs as previously discussed and increased training events which are only marginally profitable. Q2 gross margin for our scanner segment was 15% down 13.3 points sequentially and down 14.5 points year-over-year both as a result of lower volumes and pricing on our iTero 2.9 scanner. Q2 operating expenses were $116.3 million up sequentially by $14.1 million. This quarter-over-quarter increase reflects the impact of two items; first, Q1 operating expenses included a $6.8 million benefit for the refund of medical device exercise taxes paid in 2013; and secondly, increased spending of $7.3 million related to sales force expansion and other investments. On a year-over-year basis, Q2 operating expenses were up $19.6 million which relates primarily to similar investments and our ERP implementation project which were partially offset by the benefit from foreign exchange rates. Also recall that Q2 2014 benefited from a medical device excess tax refund  excise tax refund of $1.2 million. Our second quarter operating margin was 20.2% down 4.5 points sequentially and down 5.1 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease in operating margin relates primarily to the medical device excise tax benefit recorded in the first quarter which contributed 3.4 points. The balance of the sequential decrease was approximately split equally between lower gross margins and higher operating expenses. The year-over-year decrease is primarily the result of investment in the business related to sales expansion, R&D and ERP as well as foreign exchange rates. With regard to our second quarter tax provision our tax rate was 26.2% up 2.4 points from our Q1 tax rate. This is primarily due to a higher percentage of certain non-deductible expenses, second quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.39 compared to $0.44 in Q1 and $0.43 reported in the same quarter last year. Altogether, the year-over-year impact from foreign exchange as resulted in stronger U.S. dollar including the decline on revenues, the benefit on our non-U.S. dollar operating expenses together with currency exchange losses reported in other income and expense was $0.03 per share. Moving on the balance sheet; capital expenditures for the second quarter were $10.5 million primarily relating to manufacturing equipment and fit up cost or a second manufacturing facility in Juarez, Mexico for additional capacity as well as additional cost capitalized on our ERP project. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $52.9 million and free cash flow for the second quarter defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures amounted to $52.4 million. During the second quarter, we paid out $70 million under an accelerated stock repurchase plan in which we received an initial delivery of approximately 824 shares of our common stock. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities including both short and long-term investments were $596.7 million. This compared to $602.6 million at the end of 2014 a decrease of approximately $5.9 million. With that, let's now turn to our business outlook for the third quarter and the factors that did form our view. Starting with the demand outlook, we are pleased with our business especially continued growth from our international regions in progress in North America. For North America most teen case starts occur in the summer months and we expect to have a busy teen season with orthos in Q3. And virtually, Q3 is typically a seasonally slower quarter for our North American GPs. While we've made progress in North America with both orthos and GPs and expect to see some benefit from our investments in sales force expansion consistent with historical, seasonal trends we are expecting North America volumes to be down slightly quarter-over-quarter. In our international markets, our European doctors typically spend fewer days in the office due to summer vacations and extended holidays. China which has now become the largest Invisalign market in Asia Pacific region is beginning to offset some of the seasonality we typically experienced in the Southern European countries. Notwithstanding this factor, however, we anticipate Invisalign international Invisalign case shipments to be down to flat sequentially from Q2. We expect our Scanner & Services business to be up sequentially with commercial availability of our new iTero element commencing in Q3. Before I turn to our outlook for Q3, I want to provide you with a financial implications of our new additional Aligner policy beginning in Q3. These changes applied to all new Invisalign whole team and assisted products  our full product group ship worldwide after July 18, 2015 as well as any open Invisalign whole team or assist cases started prior to this product policy change. As a result, beginning in Q3 2015, our deferrals will increase as will now recognize lower revenue as a result of providing these additional aligners at no charge and the grandfathering of over 1 million open cases. The effect on our future revenues is two-fold. The first is an increase in the amount we defer for each new case we ship. The second impact is that revenue recognized on each additional aligner shipment will be lower than the amount we have historically recognized until these grandfathered cases complete. The revenue recognized for each additional aligner shipment however will not offset the higher deferrals for new cases for at least two years. As a result, we expect Invisalign Clear Aligner net revenues for Q3 2015 and Q4 2015 to be lower as a result of this change by approximately $6 million to $7 million and $7 million to $8 million respectively. One should note that we increased Invisalign prices in North America in Q2 and internationally in Q3 this year. While these price increases largely offset the economic cost of this policy change and you not adequately cover the increase in deferred revenues due to grandfathered cases. While this policy change will slightly impact build revenue because we will no longer charge for the additional aligners the change is immaterial to our cash flows. And as Joe mentioned this new policy is very customer friendly and we believe it will drive further adoption of Invisalign and increased volumes. With this as a backdrop, we expect the third quarter to shape up as follows. Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 141.8 to 144.3000 cases up approximately 18.5% to 20.6% over the same period a year ago. We expect Q3 net revenues to be in the range of $201.4 million to $205.7 million. On a comparative basis using constant currencies and normalizing for the impact on revenue of our new additional aligner policy our Q3 revenue growth for Clear Aligners would be 13.9% to 16.5% when compared to the same quarter last year. We expect gross margin to be in the range of 74.5% to 75.1% down only slightly quarter-to-quarter primarily as a result of additional aligner policy change and a higher mix of iTero Scanner business. We expect operating expenses to be in the range of $119.5 million to $120.9 million a sequential increase in operating expense reflects further investments to support our continued international growth and expansion. One-time cost of approximately $2 million primarily associated with severance cost for the organizational changes we announced early today. Our operating margin should be in the range of 15.1% to 16.4%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 24% and diluted shares outstanding should be approximately $81.2 million. Taken together we expect diluted EPS to be in a range of $0.28 to $0.31. Recognizing that there a lot of moving parts let me summarize how we see the year shaping up with these impacts included. First of all, from a volume standpoint we see year-over-year Invisalign growth at to slightly above the midpoint of our 15% to 25% long-term model for revenue. Our North America and international businesses are both responding to investments we've made and we believe that will respond to continued investment within our significant under penetration of the market. As for revenue, however, 2015 has been impact by significant currency movement when compared to last year. We've seen further weakening of the euro and other currencies since we first gave our 2015 preview during our Q4 earnings call in January. On top of this impact our new additional aligner policy will impact 2015 revenue by approximately $13 to $15 million. We believe the added volumes we're seeing, however, will largely offset both of these factors. As such on a net all in basis we believe our 2015 revenue growth will still be somewhere in the low double digit range consistent with our comments in January and notwithstanding these impacts. From an operating margin stand point, the incremental impact from FX, the impact from the new additional aligner policy as well as a one-point impact from higher cost with ERP will also be to some extent offset by higher volumes. As a result we believe our 2015 operating margins will be on the order of 4 to 5 points below those reported in 2014. This too is largely consistent with our comments back in January. Not withstanding these moving parts 2015 is shaping up well and our underlying demand for Invisalign remains very good. With that, I'll turn the time back to Joe.
Joe Hogan: Thanks, David. Overall, I'm pleased with the Q2 volume growth and continued strength in our international business. We're making progress and we have a lot of positive momentum. On top of my priorities for the first few months is to get direct feedback from our customers and gain insight into their practices and understand how they can better serve their needs. Still coming up to speed on many things after spending the last several weeks on the road, meeting with customers and employees I believe that I have a good understanding of our business and believe that we have many of the key drivers to further our success. As we scale our business, international is key driver of that growth, the best person to create a unified marketing strategy for the company that leverages opportunities, resources and best practices globally is Raphael. He understands our business and customer dynamics and international markets and will quickly get up to speed in North America. He also has a real passion for improving customer experience as inline with the goals of our company. In summary, we're making positive and forward looking changes for the company. We just reported a solid quarter of growth and we're making measurable progress and improving our customer experience worldwide. We talk about our opportunities because we have a lot of them, simplifying and unifying our sales and marketing across all regions is an important part of seeing and seizing these opportunities while delivering the best products and experiences for our customers and their patients. I'm confident that these changes will help accelerate our progress and continued success. Thank you for your time today. I look forward to meeting our shareholders and analysts over the coming month. With that, I'll now open the call to your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Jones: Thanks for the questions and welcome Joe. Just a couple of questions on the case growth for the year. It looks like you're seeing, we should expect case growth in about 20% range based on what you've done year-to-date as well as the 3Q guide, it looks like for 4Q you're actually planning on quite a bit of acceleration -- by my math well north of 20%. I'm just curious A, is that the right way to think about how you guys are seeing the back half on a case growth basis and then two, is there anything that gives you greater visibility into 4Q relative to where we are in the year today?
Joe Hogan: Hi, Robert. First of all, your assessment is correct in a sense we're looking at a pretty big outlook in the second quarter versus the first half. There is positive momentum we talked about in the case growth side you could see that, you could see international is very strong. You could see that the ortho side in the United States has been strong too. As far as the clarity of it, it's based -- on that momentum some historical presence that we have. And also relying on the investments we've made particularly in North American market internationally for increased resources to help you drive that.
Robert Jones: That makes sense and then I guess David if I could just follow up on the policy change, anything you can share on what you'd expect the eventual increase to be, I'm just trying to get a sense of how big of a barrier to growth had this been that you guys obviously felt the need to put in place this new policy?
David White: Well, see if I can answer a couple of ways here. When we looked and pulled customers as to their Invisalign experience and how we can improve upon that experience this particular policy change has been the number one item they've asked for. When we look at those customers who are promoters and we compare their growth rates against detractors, we know that whenever we can move a customer who is a detractor or even a passive into a position where they are a promoter, we see significant up tick in volumes as a result. So the policy change is related to that and trying to see if we can capture additional opportunities to prove they're growing the company. And the unfortunate consequence of it is that it requires us to change our deferral and the estimates that we use for deferrals. And so when we look, when we kind of measure our results going forward the year-over-year comparisons are going to be a little tough to make year-over-year until that kind of normalizes out and that will take -- that will take at least one year for the year-over-year comps to normalize out and then probably a couple of years before all those grandfathered cases work them out and when we actually get back to a more normalized operating model.
Robert Jones: That's helpful. Thanks.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Bob.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, and thanks for taking the questions everyone. First, my first question is actually on the experience you've had Joe as you've been out talking to customers over the last, I don't know if its six months or so. One of the things that I've heard from customers that I thought you might want to touch on here and not necessarily the initial days but within your first 12 to 18 months, how the company things about using data and how about company things about interacting with the consumer and also the patient. I wonder as you look at how in the company has positioned itself with social media and outreach another company has used information that it is obtained from customers let's say visiting the Web site. What do you thinking about how you are going to use that data more powerfully going forward? And then I have a follow-up.
JoeHogan: Steve, I have been impressed since I have been here. Look, my experience has always been to be B2B businesses and obviously, we have both here. I call B2B is moving into the ortho or dentistry side and B2C is what we are doing to consumers. If I look at work on consumers, I see it's very well balanced I think in a sense of using social media using print media and there is a lot of experience here over the years in the sense of what's effective and what's not effective in essence and spend. I'm amazed we could see the statistics I referenced in the opening in the sense of the 27% increase overall in Web business the conversation of Web business into actual unit going on the doc locator. So I feel good about that and I hoping answering your question, secondly, when I see customers, I get two comments all the time. One is, I don't like where I am on doc locator, okay? And that means a lot to me, that means they watch that, it means a whole lot they know generating demand for them. And really the best businesses I have ever been in is when we had customers that looked at the business for demand generation and our customers certainly do that and we do that to our consumer efforts. Secondly, the question that I heard about were the issues on Aligners and having mid-course corrections or whatever. I know it's another thing we want to emphasize in a sense of our customer MPS growth that was really the number one reason and I almost never got out of a doctors office without that being mentioned. So we are trying to improve that customer experience both in consumer standpoint and also B2B standpoint and from what I have seen, I think we are making great strides here over the last year.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. Then my follow-up is related to volume growth. So you guys are taking the volume growth expectations to essentially 20% or better I think that figure previously was somewhat lower say north of 15% but less than 20%. I mean if you have to pick one thing that you have seen incrementally to get you more comfortable with the outlook what might that be and as a corollary to that, can you comment on not necessarily for 2015, but how you think about let's say over the next year the interoperability arrangement that you have with Sirona contributing to the growth story? Thanks so much.
Joe Hogan: Steve, I will let David answer that I think he can be more specific than I can with this point.
David White: Yes. Steve, I think as we look at  we look at our first quarter performance and we look at our second quarter performance and we measure that against historical patterns here in the company, second quarter and particular we began to see a significant divergence between year-over-year case volume growth and what we have experienced historically when we look at Q2 over Q2 and 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, we are seeing a gap widening there. And that gap is partly what is giving us confidence that we are going to see a stronger second half. So that's the analytical side of it. And it's clearly more behind that. But, at the highest level that's probably the analytical side of it. But on the other piece of it, which is more qualitative is the fact that we have been doing this for a long time in terms of making investments in our go to market coverage, geographies we are expanding into and so forth. And what we know is that when we invest in directly and go to market, we see a response. And we made the largest step up in investment, I think in the history of the company starting in January and particularly targeted North America. But not discriminating against the international side of it as well. And we are seeing a response to that. And so we are trying to invest into it and keep the growth of the company moving forward and testing just how we continue to grow the markets and invest and what works and what doesn't. We try different promotions. And all these things play together collectively to tell us that we are seeing some traction. On the Sirona question, while we qualified the scanner, their software updates are still going through testing at this point in time and final qualification. It's supposed to be released later this year, I don't know what the specific date is. You might have to find something on their Web site in that regard from them. But, it's moving forward, but when you look at the up lift, I think we talked about this perhaps in another analyst meeting or earnings call, is the fact when you looked at where most of their install base is particularly on the scanner that we are qualifying most of it is overseas, a lot of it is in GP practice, most of our effort internationally is on the ortho side. So what we think is important and why we think it will play to our strategy of continuing to become more relevant the GP practice, we don't see it creating an immediate type of uplift in our business. And we think it's going to be longer journey before we will actually see a blip in the radar on it.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Steve.
Steve Beuchaw: Thanks for all the color guys.
Shirley Stacy: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is from Jon Block with Stifel Nicolaus.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks. And good afternoon guys. Joe maybe the first one for you. In EMEA you guys have reaccelerated the growth and pretty handling, you caught markets like Spain, France, Italy, I mean not really the strongest collection of economies in. I know slightly lower penetration over there, but can you talk to what's allowed the reacceleration the 25% to 30% growth maybe if you can address the sustainability of that number one? And number two, is there anything you are doing differently over there? I mean any secret sauce and how you are attacking those markets that arguably could be transferable to the North American market.
Joe Hogan: Jon good question. I went to Israel in the first couple of weeks I was here to check out the scanner and then up to Amsterdam to really visit some customers and to do some reviews for the team. And I would say, it's funny how Europe is, since individual countries as you know, with different economies and there is different drivers in those industries. And what Ralph and the team have done, they have done a terrific job of being able to figure out in which one of those countries certain formulas actually work for penetration. And even in countries as pressured as Spain which is a great example that drove an incredible amount of penetration in a relatively short amount of time. By actually concentrating resources in a certain ways on those customers to bring them up the speed quickly to make them effective and they can confident in a sense of  we can move teeth and we can move in predictably. And it also creates a  that success creates others wanting to have that success too. In the U.K. on the other hand it hasn't the fairly been an orthodontic push as much as GP. And it's a different formula to go after GP in the U.K also. So Jon just in the time that we have here, I would say we have learned a lot there, Raphael and the team have applied it well. And there is some things honestly we can translate back in North America that can help our records here as we target a different market segments.
Jon Block: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And just a follow up maybe Joe, if you can touch on why now for the additional Aligners at no charge, I mean, what you are hearing from the field, why is the proper time now. And then David to your earlier remarks, I mean obviously people don't want to pay extra, I get it, but what's interesting here is that the same time you are also hitting them with a list in the increase price yet. You say you are increasing the goodwill. So can you talk about those dynamics I guess? What do they want? They want predictability, they are willing to pay a little bit more unless but sort of be assured that they are not going to have additional out of pocket expenses as the case progresses, if you can talk to those dynamics. Thanks guys.
Joe Hogan: Jon let me start off. Then I will turn it over to David because David has more experience than in this two. I think as you get into the business and you look at this again, the customer calls and stuff I have made just initially, you hear about this additional aligner thing, it's incredible [year to our] [ph] customer base. And it's a lot of reason but it creates uncertainty. And I think we are working with doctors; doctors want more certainty and patients want more certainty. And we feel like this  gives them that kind of control, or feeling what that certainty is. And so I think this is much subjective as it is objective. It's something it's been around a long time. And as I talk to the Align personnel too  many of them say we should have done this years' ago because we know what the issue is and really haven't addressed it. It wasn't till MPS correcting came in. And we could really weigh what that's meant to our business. But, I think it gave us the determination to take the next steps and to make change. David --
David White: I just had one comment to your question about why now? What's  it is a decision that we made but obviously but it isn't one that we made over night or made recently. The actual mechanisms and so forth put into motion on this actually started on it few years ago. And as you can imagine, there is a fair amount of infrastructure in the company, it may sound like a simple change. But, there are a number of nuances associated with it that it required IT development efforts and so forth and other changes that have taken us some while to build, to test and to launch. And so it isn't a decision that's been made over night, it's been working for long time. As it relates to the things that customers are trying to avoid and you mentioned about the price increase and so forth we've had a practice of raising prices modestly every couple of years and typically North America and international have been kind of a little bit out of sync on that because we weren't doing necessarily at the same time. But we felt that we were creating value here for the doctors and their patients that you help substantiate the timing for the price increase as well which is roughly two years since our last price increases. And in terms of things we're trying to avoid you hear -- George comments you hear comments from doctors about they have a patient that has gone off to school -- in the middle of treatment and they get behind and they come back at Thanksgiving and doctors start -- use to start worrying on the policy about that them coming to the end of the runway when they wouldn't -- and then they have to start paying for it and so that put urgencies on their part and so lots of things -- lots of different kinds of personal circumstances could come up in the lives of the patients that our policy didn't particularly respond very well to. And the interesting thing about it is the way the doctors treat their patients they quote the patient a price at the beginning of the treatment and their expectation and then the patient's expectation is that's the price and if it take a -- when you look at wires and brackets if it winds up taking a little bit longer to treat, well, it's still one price and yet in our case it will not have taken a little bit longer to treat they ran into the risk that the cost of the doctor would potentially go up and so this just tends to align our -- as Joe commented in his prepared remarks, it just aligns our business practice to the way our doctors practice with the patient.
Joe Hogan: And Jon, I had one more thing on the price question too is, we put a lot of technology in the market over the last few years and we think about G4, G5 and now G6, we need a certain amount of payback for that investment also and so there is kind of price increases reporting value in a market place and to emphasize what David said we look at, we're creating value for customers and we feel that we should paid for that also and that's part of the thought process in the price increase.
Jon Block: Perfect. Thank you guys.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Jon. Next question.
Operator: Our next question is from John Kreger from William Blair.
John Kreger: Great, thanks very much. David, may be could you just give us a little bit more numbers on the new strategy around additional alignments -- aligners can you talk about what's the percentage of cases that actually end up ordering it and how many are we talking about and any numbers you could give us there?
David White: Well we don't typically disclose what percentage of cases require refinements. It is varied when you actually kind of dig down into it it's varied by geography. We see more case refinements and so forth internationally what we do domestically. Some of that is driven by the fact that they are treating more complex cases in some of those geographies. And particularly when we get to APAC we see that. And so as we've looked at the incidence you might say of refinement and so forth, our trend has been -- it has been going up over time and it seems to correlate very closely with the degree and complexity of the cases that we're beginning to treat. And so those are the kind of the trend lines and this policy will just simply make it easier for the doctors to do that without creating additional friction for doing what's right for the patients.
John Kreger: Great, thanks. And then as a follow-up Joe, you said I know you've spent a lot of your initial days talking to customers. Beyond their experience with Invisalign what else are they telling, just curious how are they feeling about their practice, is their business getting better or worse given the economy and are you seeing any interesting changes on the competitive front kind of in the lower complexity end of your market.
Joe Hogan: John, I think its right inline with what I think the statistics you see in dental market right now. Most of the people out there are experiencing growth year-over-year and it looks like it's this year looks very strong, the strongest year they've had. So overall, I mean there is difference between the primary care side and the ortho side, but both of them are reporting, it's really a pretty good business environment now is mostly [indiscernible] is going through. As far as what customers are thinking and talking about also from an Align standpoint and how we interface with them is its -- often when you talk to them I am asking a lot of the detailed questions about customers and how the technology works and what's happened over the years. And you see a lot of enthusiasm for the product. I think not being here three or four years ago, I think there is a lot of skepticism in the marketplace if we can move teeth predictably and then finish case as well. You see many of the doctors I talked to, in fact, all of them, none of them doubt that we can do the things we're doing they get excited about new products like G5 and G6 and the complexity cases that David talked about too. So overall, these have been good conversations outside of some areas of that we need to address like we just have from a customer engagement standpoint and customer satisfaction standpoint, but in that a pretty good marketplace and a lot of people feeling good about Align and our technology.
John Kreger: Great, thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Shawn, next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Johnson from Robert Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon guys. Joe, just wanted to ask you on the extra aligners or the additional aligners policy. How much of that is may be going after some competitive accounts as well? I know when we go out and talk to some docs we use may be one or two of your other competitors especially one that you've had some legal issues here, what's recently we hear that's one of those things some docs do like about their policy. Does this -- is this done at all the kind of target that?  And then a follow-up there is just you make some personal changes here, you're addressing a primary customer concern is kind of your first two moves that we're seeing publicly anyway anything else I wouldn't expect that you announce a third change here or something on this call, but there are other changes that we should expect to see out of you here in the next three to six months or these kind of the first two big moves that we should expect for the near term?
Joe Hogan: I'll just answer your last question first, these are the biggest moves I plan to make any time, I can see, I think these are the ones that kind of obvious in the sense that we have to address. From a competition standpoint is, there is not a competitor out there strong enough right now that really force our hand on the additional aligners play. I mean just like the fact is, there is a lot of different dimensions we compete with them both in the United States and internationally that didn't force our hand. Really it's a relationship with our customers, that's what we felt was the right thing to do to address that. It's not saying that five or six years down the road there might have been a different situation, but that wasn't a drive of our decision. As far as competition goes over all, our competition right now is in the lower end of the segment as you know its in the E5, E10 those kinds of easy cases that are out there. It's not forcing us to make any real competitive moves in the sense of addressing that right now in the marketplace but we -- we're very aware of it, we see it overseas as well in the United States, we know over the next couple of years that will increase, but that's not a specific part of our portfolio, it's the easier part of the portfolio, it's not in the G3, G4, G5 and obviously G6 areas, it's smaller movement of teeth. I think the last thing I mentioned is that kind of fell apart or wasn't accentuated a lot in our announcement was the lower arch that we just came out with and we positioned out with the E5 form a pricing stand point too. This is something customers have asked for years if they just -- want to buy aligner for that particular arch. It's very practical in the sense of what they've asked for and we hadn't responded to it and this is something we think will help our customers and will help our future competitiveness also.
Jeff Johnson: Okay, understood. And that was actually going to be my follow-up question on the lower arch, you had mentioned at least in the prepared remarks the single arch so we'll assume that's that lower arch, are you saying that you're going to -- price that kind of the Express 5 level is that what I'm hearing? And then David, I thought the Express 5 promotion was going to end in July, it sounds like may be in your remarks that's going to be extended is that correct in North America that that discounted price that went into effect over the last four or five months?
Joe Hogan: Yes. Jeff, first of all, when you look at those product line and all we had to reposition the Express 5 pricing to really -- to allow the single arch to have that price point and then we moved up our E5 price and David you give the specifics of what those numbers were.
Jeff Johnson: Okay.
David White: Yes. So Jeff, we haven't -- I don't think we've formally announced it but have we, okay -- I have been told, yes.
Jeff Johnson: [indiscernible] David.
David White: You're right I remember there was an announcement, I know there was -- the promotion that we ran in Q2 actually started in -- towards the end of Q1 and it ran till June 30. Then we had about a three week period before we launch and announce the single arch product and when we announced the single arch product with that we announced a new promotion for E5, one for dual arch and one for single arch. The pricing on the dual arch E5 is higher, the discount is  they are saying differently, the discount is not as large what was in Q2, but yet we're also offering a nice discount on the single arch as well so that when you actually look at those two together we think it will attract the -- we think it will attract adoption for those patients at a nice price point it only needs one arch treated and we think it will still preserve a good demand for those that need dual arch. But the pricing has gone up a little bit from where it was in Q2.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Yes, thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Jeff. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Brandon Couillard from Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good afternoon. Joe, you talked a quite a bit about changes in opportunities you're making in the commercial organization. Would be curious to get your view as to the adequacy or efficiency of the R&D budget, in R&D organization and whether you get there -- is room for some further changes or enhancements in that side of the business?
Joe Hogan: Look, I think from an R&D standpoint there is a lot to do here because there is still a huge amount of penetration we can do especially as we go up the curve in the sense of both on the aligner itself but also the technology we call the digital ecosystem behind that. So look, I like the way it's placed in the sense of the efficiency of it between Russia and United States what we have in Israel on the scanner side. So right now, I feel good about where we are, we put significant number of resources into R&D and technology over the last couple of years, they look like they've been well placed. I talk about going out and seeing customers but [Joe Cole] [ph] who runs our technology organization has spent significant amount of time with -- he and his people here recently too. And really I'm impressed of what we have here. But this is a technology organization this is some -- we have to put money in technology into these products to continue to advance the science. And given the level of penetration and what we've seen as a result of that investment, I think it's a good thing to do.
Brandon Couillard: Excellent, David, the 700 unit iTero orders in the second quarter, were those upgrades or new users and given the new disclosures and the presentation I appreciate that, care to comment on the size of the installed base in North America?
David White: Well, as far as the 700 orders, I don't have the break out here in front of me. But part of that is obviously doctors that are upgrading some of that is doctors that are getting a second scanner for their office. And then there is other doctors that are getting their first scanner. And all of those are great facts for us. We like to see the adoption and Joe mentioned some of the excitement we've seen generally about it and some of the shows we featured it. As far as the installed base, I'm not sure we've upgraded that except -- year end was it Shirley? What was that do you remember?
Shirley Stacy: An analyst meeting, that was all.
David White: About 4,000 I think was the last time we upgraded at the analyst meeting.
Brandon Couillard: Super. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Glen Santangelo from Credit Suisse.
Glen Santangelo: Yes. Thanks. And good evening. I just want to talk a little bit about ASPs and margins. I mean I think I understand the commentary this quarter ASPs were impacted by some of the promotional activity may be some higher -- the revenue deferral and FX. But if we kind of look at ASPs in terms of what you're implying next quarter based on the revenue guidance, it looks like ASPs tick down again a fair amount sequentially, is that all attributable to the new deferral arrangement or is there some other promotional activity in Q3 that's kind of worth calling out?
Joe Hogan: Most of that Glen is related to the  is related to the additional aligners in fact the vast majority of it is. You can compute back into our ASPs probably half of our guidance.
Glen Santangelo: Yes.
Joe Hogan: Substantially all of this is additional aligners. There is we talked really about a price increase that we implemented  we implemented that effective April 1 in North America. We didn't  we won't see the full effective of that price increase for North America anyway until Q3. We implemented the price increase of 50 in international and that came into effect on July 1. And we will probably going to see a partial impact of that in Q3 is just we work off all cases and so forth that we submitted the old price. And those  and so you got that price uplift there and we got some promotions like we are running on  continue to run on the E5 and so forth and go from there. But not from a quarter-over-quarter standpoint Q2 to Q3 FX is pretty much not in the picture it's really  it's really the change in policy with some plus having the price increase and then some additional promotions.
Glen Santangelo: Okay. That's helpful. And David may if I could expand the conversation into margins, kind of sounds like you are modeling fiscal 2015 without margins down 400 to 500 basis points. But, Joe maybe is a good question for you, on last quarter's call, Tom talked about investment in a new ERP system, he talked about making sleep apnea investment now you kind of have the new sort of deferral arrangement. You got FX kind of playing a role in there. So I'm trying to think about fiscal 2016 margins and I know you don't want to guide on that. But, should I think about or just stay on your margins for the full two years until you sort of work your way or through all the grandfathered cases before we sort of get to a cleaner run rate a couple of years from now. I'm just trying to think about how we should think about the margin progression just kind of knowing the information that you kind of gave us tonight.
JoeHogan: I first start off my answer with our goal here to be between 25% and 30% operating margin. This team knows it. I know that. The Board knows it. We want you guys to know that too. This is unusual  this is an unusual year and quarter because just what you mentioned there is ERP, sleep apnea, you have  there is foreign exchange really weighs on year-to-year, it's not going to be quarter-to-quarter. But it's year-to-year right now. And so it's a lot of static in this quarter. And obviously, we prepare to try to make this as clean as possible for you to understand what's going on. There is also behind this whole thing is a significant volume left, we are seeing that now. We feel good about that volume piece and I'm not ready to declare anything for 2016, but you want to see that kind of volume that go into 2016. And we have built the particular operating model around 2016. We are not done with that yet that helps us to go for the goals that we are striving for between 25% and 30%. David, do you want to add anything?
David White: I think Glen your comment about the change it will take probably a couple of years for that to work its way out. So we are going to have that a little bit of a drag on operating margins for that time period. But, once I think that kind of settles out and so forth like Joe said. We expect to be driving the business towards that long-term model. We have hit that long-term model before. We did in 2014. And we are committed to doing it prospectively going forward. And I will just add  I will just add one other thing, as you think about 2016, you realize when we gave our guidance for this year and actually even the comments I made in my remarks today, ERP is a drag on margins of a little over a point right now. And that should fall off mid-year next year. And so there is at least that piece of it, it should get better.
Glen Santangelo: And could you maybe just give us any color on the sleep apnea investment, how big it is and when that should  when we should anniversary that; did that roll off?
Joe Hogan: Glen, I think the much as I can say about this right now as we are still working that.
Glen Santangelo: Okay.
Joe Hogan: And determining exactly you know what it means we are still in the beginning phases I would say, we might have been a little bit early and mentioning that to you. And as far as we are working through that in subsequent quarterly reports we will bring up the date.
Glen Santangelo: Okay. Thanks for the details.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Glenn. And thank you everyone for joining us today. This completes our conference call. If you have any further questions please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate Communications and IR Tom Prescott - President and CEO David White - Chief Financial Officer Joe Hogan - Incoming President and CEO
Analysts: John Kreger - William Blair Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Chris Lewis - ROTH Capital Partners Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Jon Block - Stifel Nicolaus Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse Jeffrey Matthews - Ram Partners
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Align Technology First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Thank you. Ms. Stacy. You may now begin. 
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon. And thank you for joining us. Im Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me today for todays call is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; David White, CFO and Joe Hogan, Incoming President and CEO. We issued first quarter 2015 financial results today via MarketWire, which is available on our Web site at investor.aligntech.com. Todays conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our Web site for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 05:30 PM Eastern Time through 05:30 PM Eastern Time on April 30th. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13605393 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements about Aligns future events, product outlook, and the expected financial results for the second quarter of 2015. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail on our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. We have posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements including the corresponding reconciliations and our first quarter conference call slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, Ill turn the call over to Align Technologys President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Tom Prescott: Thanks Shirley. Good afternoon everyone and thank you all for joining us. Im pleased to have Joe here with us on the call today. He doesnt officially start until June 1st, so we wont make him answer any questions about the business, but he will be happy to take a couple of your questions during Q&A about why he is so excited of joining Align. Let me turn now to our first quarter results. On our call today Ill provide some financial highlights and then briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments Invisalign Clear Aligner, and Scanner and Services. Ill also include some commentary on our performance with customers as well as progress in our geographies around the world. David will provide more detail on our financials and discuss our outlook for the second quarter. Following that Ill come back and summarize a few key points and open the call up to questions. Our first quarter was a bit stronger than we expected getting us off to a good start to the year. This progress was driven by continued strong year-over-year growth by international team and solid improvement in our North America business as well. We are pleased to have delivered better than expected results, with strong revenues, margins and EPS driven primarily by higher Invisalign volume from our North American orthodontists. Our Q1 results reflect continued execution of our strategic plan including our three key strategic growth drivers which are market expansion, product innovation and brand strength. Ill provide a brief update on each of these before discussing our results further. Market expansion comprises in many ways. We are working to expand the adult orthodontic treatment category with clear aligner therapy, increase our share of the Teenage orthodontic market and open up new and existing markets and geographies around the world. In Q1 we brought back the Benelux countries and converted them into direct sales geographies for our EMEA region and in May we will further expand our directly covered country markets in Asia-Pacific by adding Taiwan. As with the previous countries added, we will leverage our existing infrastructure from the adjacent country teams to build local sales coverage, drive long-term market penetration and begin to create a much stronger consumer brand for Invisalign. The very important key segment, which today in still mostly North American market represent approximately three quarters of worldwide orthodontic case starts each year. Execution of our strategy is enabling us to continue to gain share against other brackets and wires players. As of Q1 more than 121,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign over the past 12 months of 16.3% from the prior year in orthodontic market that is growing in a low to mid single-digits overall. With all our progress we are far from realizing our full potential in Teenage segment now really just getting started in EMEA and APAC regions where we are implementing focused initiatives to drive awareness and preference for Invisalign for teens. Q2 marks the start of the busy summer teen orthodontic season and we have new team sales programs and an orchestrated marketing effort designed to increase our doctors confidence in Invisalign or overcoming key barriers which may keep them from recommending Invisalign more often for the teenage patients. These new programs include case studies detailing how to drive increase practice growth and profitability by integrating teen Invisalign cases how to better utilize practice referrals and leverage Invisalign marketing and the team confidence study. Product innovation aims to create greater doctor preference for Invisalign by delivering new features and functionality to increase our doctors confidence in treating patients with Invisalign more often and on more complex cases. As the science, technology and clinical capability behind Invisalign continues to evolve and expand, our ability to gain incremental share of orthodontic case starts expands with it. During Q1 we began initial commercialization activities for Invisalign G6 our solution for first pre-molar extraction cases including speaker training and lounge workshops. The initial feedback from targeted Invisalign providers shows excitement about the potential for more effective treatment of these extraction cases, this is especially true in our Asian markets where extraction cases represent over 70% of the cases presenting to the doctor. Feedback has also been very positive across Europe for orthodontists Invisalign G6 as a significant step towards the expansion of Invisalign applicability to a broad range of increasingly complex malocclusion. While still very early in our launch process over 220 doctors have already submitted Invisalign G6 cases. In Q2 we will begin full launch activities for Invisalign G6 including expanded training for Invisalign doctors and our sales and customer support teams. Over 3,000 customers are expected to attend Invisalign G6 live lab event across the EMEA and APAC region. During Q1 we also launched ClinCheck Pro in EMEA and APAC. The significant ClinCheck software evolution has been extremely well received and already nearly half of our customers in EMEA and APAC have now switched to the new platform attracted by enhancements on 3D control and efficiency. And finally brand strength, the brand strength of Invisalign remains one of Align's key differentiators for both doctors and their patients. Align has built a superior brand through a very integrated consumer marketing platform that includes TV, media, social networking and event marketing. Our goals are to make Invisalign a household name worldwide and to motivate consumers to insist on Invisalign for getting the healthier more beautiful smile they've always wanted. In North America we saw positive growth in virtually all key consumer demand metrics as a result of cross general marketing, efforts across TV, digital, social media, and PR channels. As a result the numbers of consumers searching for the Invisalign brand grew significantly. We also had good growth in unique visitors to invisalign.com as well as a step up in the number of dark locator searches. Our focus on social media has enabled a substantial increase in followers across Invisalign social media properties like Facebook, Twitter and more. As a key element in social media we continue to see user generated content from patients describing their Invisalign journey as the top performing content on Invisalign social channels. And in preparation for the upcoming Teen orthodontic season we will kick off one of our largest efforts of the year targeting to the mom audience promoting Invisalign Teen through our un-braced teen confidence campaign which leverages our Teen confidence study published last year. Results of the study highlight the struggle teens have with their self confidence during the teenage years and the teens wearing Invisalign aligners had a 2x boost in self esteem when compared to teens wearing metal braces. In EMEA while our overall consumer programs are on a smaller scale we have made good use of digital media to effectively reach our target audience while accelerating social media, experiential events and PR activities. We continue to drive significant increases and awareness of Invisalign year-over-year. The Invisalign EU social media community continues to grow with double the number of fans from the same period last year. Globally as a brand we recently celebrated a milestone of 3 million Invisalign smiles by inviting our customers, patients, consumers and employees to help spread even more smiles by providing a large donation to Operation Smile. We did this by asking everyone to do something very simple, to post a picture of their smile with the hashtag, hashtag 3 million smiles, and for every smile shared in this way we would donate a dollar to Operation Smile up to a million dollars over the campaign. If you're not familiar with this very worthy cause, I'd like you to look into the profound impact they have on children and adults born with cleft lip and cleft palate, especially in countries with little to no access to care. Amazing things are doing at operation smile and needs financial support to reach even more children for this life changing procedure. You may have seen our full page ad in New York Times earlier to kick this effort off to-date this has been a very successful way to engage with our community generating thousands of posts that we're seeing over 9 million times across the globe. There are plenty of highlights to share here and since we included some details on our consumer activities in our webcast slides I'll skip the details and let you review it by yourself. Taken together these three key strategic growth drivers market expansion, product innovation and brand strength provide us with a great set of levers to build the business giving us confidence in our plans for continued long-term growth. With these growth drivers in mind let's talk about how we did in Q1 by sharing a few customer and geographic highlights. In Q1 the North America business demonstrated continued progress, during the quarter our practices reported solid patient traffic and procedure volumes across the board including for Invisalign. On a sequential basis Q1 growth was driven primarily from North American orthodontists with the utilization going to 9 cases per doctor for the first time ever. This utilization increase reflects continued traction from our cycle of product innovations including Invisalign G5 or D5 launched early last year, additionally we believe the evolution in our go to market strategy discussed in our Q4 call is creating some positive impact a little earlier than expected. We're pleased to see some initial traction and expect more meaningful contribution from these changes in the back half of the year and beyond. Moving to our international business, Q1 Invisalign volume was down slightly on a sequential basis as expected, reflecting a seasonally slower period in the EMEA region, mostly offset by higher than expected volume from Asia Pacific. This was especially the case in China with continued growth, despite the Lunar New Year in mid-February. On a year-over-year international basis growth remains strong, driven by continued momentum from product innovation and Go-To-Market expansion. Our Q1 results reflect increased adoption from our existing customer base and accelerated option from new trained doctors across all international geographies and channels.  In the EMEA region Q1 Invisalign case volume increased 25.1% year-over-year reflecting growth across all country markets, especially in Spain. We are also very pleased with improved performance in Italy and the UK. Our new direct markets in Eastern Europe, Scandinavia, and now Benelux, are also generating initially high growth levels albeit on a small base, as our renewed focus on sales and clinical education was trying pay-off. In the APAC region Invisalign case volume increased 37.5% year-over-year reflecting continued strong growth across all countries, while China and Japan continue to deliver the fastest growth. Were also seeing solid growth in Southeast Asia, in Australia and, New Zealand. Now turning to our scanner business, in Q1 our scanner and services business revenues were down sequentially as we expected. The decrease in revenue also reflected reduced pricing offering for the current iTero scanner to bridge commercial availability for the new iTero Element scanner announced last month at International Dental Show, IDS in Germany. The iTero Element is engineered to deliver everything that doctors appreciate about iTero Scanner except in a more complex footprint with even great capabilities. The smaller design with enhanced wand, multi-touch display and new image sensor is engineered to enable 20 times faster scan speed with color scanning for more precise clinical evaluation. We were excited to have the opportunity to preview the new scanner at IDS and were pleased to be receiving very positive responses from existing iTero users, as well as from potential new customers. Both our very interested in Elements new, and smaller form-factor, faster scans, and expanded capabilities. IDS also marked the beginning of our expanding Go-To-Market resources in the EMEA and APAC regions for the iTero platform. We expect initial shipments of the iTero Element intraoral scanner to begin in the second half of 2015.  Well we are proud to have the best scanner on the market with the greatest utility for our customers. We also believe there is even greater opportunity for customers to benefit from our Align Technologys Open Systems approach, both for our iTero scanners, as well as for the Invisalign system. We have worked hard to qualify other leading intraoral scanners that have the potential capability to deliver high quality interoperability with the Invisalign case submission process. To that end, at IDS last month, we announced interoperability for Invisalign case submission with Sirona CEREC Omnicam. This qualification enables Invisalign providers with a CEREC Omnicam and the new CEREC Ortho Software 1.1 to submit a digital impression in place of a traditional PVS impression. We look forward to working with the Sirona team to ensure their customers and patients have a great Invisalign experience. And with that Ill now turn the call over to David for review of our Q1 financial results. David?
David White: Thanks, Tom. Note that this fiscal year, we are consolidating some of the supplementary product and geographic breakdowns that we provide for volumes and revenue as well as combining sales and marketing expense with general and administrative. We will continue to explain the performance of our products in geographies and include commentaries appropriate. However, we believe the consolidated view of our quarterly financials is more consistent with disclosures respect to peer group. Lets review our first quarter financial results. Revenue for the first quarter was $198.1 million, down 0.3% from the prior quarter and up 9.7% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. First quarter Clear Aligner revenue of $187 million was up 0.3% sequentially and up 11.2% year-over-year. Sequential revenue growth reflected higher volume from our North American ortho doctors, offset slightly by lower volume from our international doctors as well as lower worldwide ASPs. Q1 ASPs were down sequentially $35, of which approximately $32 or $4.2 million in aggregate, was related to foreign exchange rates. Our year-over-year revenue growth reflected Invisalign case volume growth across all customer channels, partially offset by lower ASPs, primarily related to foreign exchange rates. For the first quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 138,000 cases were up 3.1% sequentially, reflecting growth from our North American orthodontists and to a less extend North American GP customers. Year-over-year case volume growth was 16.6% reflecting continued strength in international as well as strong demand from our North American orthodontists. Our North American orthodontists Q1 Invisalign case volume was up 7.9% sequentially and up 17% year-over-year. For North American GP Dentist, case volume was up 1.6% sequentially and 6.5% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was seasonally down 0.9% sequentially and up 29% year-over-year. Q1 marks the sixth consecutive quarter of greater than 25% growth for our international region. Worldwide Invisalign utilization in Q1 was 4.5 cases per doctor up slightly from 4.3 in Q1 last year. North American ortho utilization of 9.0 was a new record increasing from 8.1 in the prior year. North America GP utilization of 2.9 was flat compared with the prior year and international doctor utilization of 4.4 was up slightly from 4.3 in the prior year. In Q1 we added 2410 new Invisalign doctors worldwide 870 of which were new North American doctors and 1,540 of which were new international doctors. First quarter revenue for our scanner and services segment was $11.1 million a decrease of 9.1% sequentially and 10.9% year-over-year while unit sales of our scanner were slightly down relative to each period most of the revenue decline was the result of reduced pricing for the current iTero scanner which Tom previously commented on. Moving on to gross margin, first quarter gross margin was 76.3% overall up sequentially 0.4 points and 0.3 points year-over-over. The Aligner gross margin for the first quarter was 79.1% up 0.3 point sequentially and flat year-over-year. The sequential increase is primarily the result of higher volumes and seasonally lower training costs offset by lower ASPs as mentioned. Q1 gross margin for the scanner segment was 28.3% down 1.9 point sequentially and 5.3 points year-over-year both as a result of lower ASPs as previously mentioned. Q1 operating expenses were a $102.2 million up sequentially by $3 million from $99.2 million reported in Q4. In aggregate overall operating expenses were up by $9.8 million primarily related to increased employee headcount and compensation expense related to our annual employee performance reprocess, increased legal fees and investments in OSA product development which was offset in part by a benefit of $6.8 million associated with a medical device excise tax refund for a net sequential increase of $3 million. You'll recall a year ago that we had extensive discussions with the IRS in which they informed that our clear aligners are not subject to this tax, accordingly we stopped accruing and paying this tax in March 2014, however a refund of our 2013 payments would require separate application, review and approval. That approval was received this quarter. The after tax benefit of this refund on EPS in the quarter was $0.06. On a year-over-year basis Q1 operating expenses were up $6.7 million which includes the benefit of the medical excise tax refund just mentioned reflecting increased headcount and continued investment in our go-to-market activities as well as product and technology development as we talked about at length in our Q4 year-end earnings call in January. Our first quarter operating margin was 24.7% down 1.2 points sequentially and up 1.6 points year-over-year. First quarter results included the aforementioned medical excise tax refund of $6.8 million which benefited operating margins by 3.4 points. Excluding the margin benefit from this refund operating margins were down both sequentially and year-over-year relating to new investments in our three strategic growth drivers as we previously discussed. Other income and expense included $1.7 million of charges primarily related to foreign currency losses related to customer payments with the continued weakening of the euro to the U.S. dollar comprising most of that. Altogether the quarter-over-quarter impact for foreign exchange as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar including the decline on revenues, the benefits on our non U.S. dollar operating expenses together with currency exchange losses was reported in other income and expense was $0.03 per share. While currency has certainly dampened to some extent our business results, we believe continued investment in our strategic growth initiatives will accelerate current year and long-term growth with a leverage of our business model will ultimately overcome the negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. In tandem with those investments however we do intend to begin commencing some of our current hedging, some of our currency exposures to mitigate some of the inter quarter volatility we've been experiencing commencing in Q2. With regards to our first quarter tax provision our tax rate was 23.8%, slightly up from our 2014 tax rate due to higher permanent tax differences on certain expenses that are not deductible. First quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.44 compared to $0.48 reported in Q4, and $0.39 reported in the same quarter last year. Moving on to the balance sheet, for the first quarter our accounts receivable balance was $138.2 million up approximately 6.5% sequentially, our overall DSO was 63 days up five days sequentially and flat over the same period a year ago. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $15.6 million, primarily relating to a second facility purchased in Lars, Mexico for aligner fabrication as well as manufacturing equipment and set up costs for that facility as we add additional capacity as well as additional cost capitalized on our enterprise system project. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $35.6 million. And free cash flow for the first quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $20 million. The company repurchased approximately 31,000 shares of stock of $1.8 million during the quarter on the open market. This repurchase mark the completion of the first $100 million of the $300 million stock repurchase program we announced the year ago at this time. We expect to announce our plans for our second $100 million shortly.  In this regard Id like to mention the fact that when we file our first quarter 10-Q that our cash flow statement will indicate cash outlays of $14.6 million the payment of employee taxes. This figure relates to the companys practice of issuing vested employees restricted stock, or views on a net basis, which we recently adopted for all employee stock awards. This means that instead of employees having to sell some of their vested shares to pay their payroll related taxes. The company issues the net amount of the shares to employees and pays the payroll taxes on their behalf.  So in an indirect manner this $14.6 million should be reviewed as additional stock repurchases by the company offsetting to some extent the dilution that will otherwise have resulted from the issuance of the shares. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short and long-term investments, were $613 million. This compares to $602.6 million at the end of 2014, an increase of approximately $10.4 million. With that lets now turn to our business outlook for the second quarter and the factors that are inform our view.  Starting with the demand outlook, the second quarter is typically seasonally stronger period for our North American doctors and were seeing the strength of our first quarter volume trends continuing early into the second quarter and aggregate we expect Invisalign for North America to be up sequentially in Q2. Q2 is seasonally a busier quarter for our international doctors and were anticipating Invisalign shipments to increase sequentially from Q1. With the recent announcement of the new iTero Element scanner which available in the second half of the year and reduce pricing weve implemented on our current scanner we anticipate some of our customers may delay purchase decisions as they evaluate choices. Therefore we expect Q2 scanner and services revenues to be down sequentially from Q1. This is a backdrop we expect the second quarter to shape up as follows Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 139.5 to 142,000 cases up approximately 18% over the same period a year ago at the midpoint of the range and above our three year average. We expect net revenues to be in the range of $206.6 million to $210.4 million a sequential increase from Q1 primarily driven by the higher volume just mentioned and a small price increase in North America affective April 1st, each of which are partially offset again by lower ASPs assuming a weaker euro. We expect gross margin to be in the range of 75% to 75.7% down slightly quarter-over-quarter primarily result of lower ASPs and a higher number of new doctor training events. We expect operating expenses to be in the range of $117.3 million to $118.3 million a sequential increase compared to Q1 largely as result of benefit weve recognized in Q1 for the medical excise tax refund as well as higher expenses associated with our strategic investments. Our operating margin should be in the range of 18.3% to 19.5%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 24% and diluted shares outstanding should be approximately 82 million excluding any stock repurchases as mentioned earlier. Taken together we expect diluted EPS to be in the range of $0.35 to $0.38. On a constant currency basis our Q1 average -- using Q1 average exchange rates the Q2 outlook would have been approximately $0.02 higher. With that Ill now turn the time back over to Tom for closing comments.
Tom Prescott: Thanks David. Were extremely pleased that weve seen strong performance in all regions getting us off to a good start to the year. In every direction we look, our strategy is working well. In market expansion as our continued investments in go-to-market initiatives delivered volume growth from better coverage and support. In product innovation the adoption growth continue to be driven by our innovation cycle for both Invisalign and our scanner technology. In brand strength as we reached more and more consumers hoping them connect with the right practice ensuring they get a great Invisalign treatment experience. The significant growth initiatives we discussed during our year-end call including our expectations from most of the impact showing up in our second half results. While were pleased to see some of the positive impact early in the we do expect to see continued progress throughout 2015 as more of Aligns key initiatives begin a great leverage in the business. There is never an ideal time for our company to have change in the CEO but there are better times to make this important transition in new leadership. As figure today there is clear evidence of our solid execution of Aligns winning strategy demonstrating continued and sustainable progress for the business. We have a strong leadership team and great talent across the Align organization. The Company has outstanding prospects for continues growth in revenue and earnings and expect to be a market leader for the long-term, so while there's never an ideal time this is certainly not a bad time to make this change. After 13 years of leading this company and following a well executed succession plan this is a good time for me to step aside effective June 1. I'm extremely pleased to welcome Joe Hogan as the new President of Align Technology. Joe is a rare leader with a talent for building great teams and winning the race with a passion for customers and their patients, with the intellectual curiosity to challenge and accelerate our pace of innovation and the leadership experience to ensure this company is a market leader for the long term. We are lucky to land him as our new CEO and he is even more excited about the opportunity to roll up his sleeves and get to work at this unique business. As for me I'm very pleased to remain on Align's board where I will do my best to help Align flourish for many years to come. I thank you for your commitment to the company as shareholders. For your own sense of vision about what this one struggling Silicon Valley startup could become. I've enjoyed getting to know many of you and I've done my best in leading our team as we build substantial shareholder value. And on a happy note when I'll be signing off as your CEO in a month or so, before you let me out of here I guess have a few questions for David and me and the quarter and for Joe at what he saw to attract him here to Align. Let's get that started, operator.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] our first question is coming from the line of John Kreger with William Blair, please proceed with your question.
John Kreger: Could you maybe give us, as Tom suggested, a little bit of what drove your decision to join this company? It's obviously a pretty different profile from where you've been. And if you've formed them, perhaps what your first year priorities might be?
Joe Hogan: Hi John appreciate the question, look I'm really happy to be here, I mean Align is a great company, is a great history and good leadership and team here. I think your question to I know it's smaller than what I've done in the last maybe 10 years or 12 years of my career, but honestly gentlemen I've always have always been close to customers, I love technology, growth in markets and customers always have been terrific for me too and so I look at this a chance from a career standpoint to join a winning team, a company that has a lot of growth and also to do more of the things I really enjoy which is technology piece and the customer piece too, so I'm really looking forward to joining the company, I think the last part of our question is, look I see a terrific trajectory here and a strong team, I don't see any reason to change that. So I come on board, I'll take over the plant here and work diligently with the team to keep the momentum that Align's had over the last couple of years.
John Kreger: And then Tom, maybe coming back to you, now that you've got the Sirona interoperability deal in place, can you give us a sense about what does your sales force -- what are they able to do now that they've got that? Can they work collaboratively with Sirona or Patterson? Can they be knocking on the doors of existing CEREC users? How much might their approach change now that that deal is in place?
Tom Prescott: Great question and I think the right touchstone is to remember that's the Omnicam starting with a pretty darn small install base to begin with and mostly all GP dentists and most of which do not do Invisalign today, so it does give us an opportunity to recruit, great attractive practices or if they're small Invisalign customers you need to grow them but we're talking small number of thousands of units not the bigger part of the Sirona install base. Longer term Sirona is a terrific company they're doing a great job and I think they intentionally turned their install base over to Omnicams more and that will make that opportunity bigger but lets just say start small and do the same things weve done with 3M True Definition, ensure that the customer has the best utility possible and we can make sure we deliver our great Invisalign experience help the practice grow, help the patients benefit, so same approach, we'll just keep moving forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs, please bear with your questions.
Robert Jones : Thanks for the questions and welcome, Joe. I look forward to working with you. Tom, I guess, on the strong growth in cases in the quarter, clearly really strong in both the GPs and Orthos in North America. I think third and fourth quarters have accelerating growth consecutively respectively. Can you maybe just share with us how much of that in your mind is the improving underlying market versus you said some early traction in the go-to-market strategy changes?
Tom Prescott: I'd say yes. I don't mean to be flip but I wish we could be very clear about exactly what the quantitative drivers were, we know that when practice flow is steady and perhaps growing a little bit and procedures, procedure mix is positive for higher value procedures we do better than most and we certainly I would say steady to improving conditions as we exited '14 and went into '15. Secondly and I'll reach back to our call at the end of year, we were already in motion on most of these initiatives both on the consumer side and the product side and on a go to market side so while we think of this model generally as more backend loaded for impact in leverage we were already seeing some positive feedback from customer in Q3 and Q4 as we started to making these changes. A better coverage, more effective coverage, better support for the practices generally means could things happen. So its early and its way too early to call victory here. But we think our improving capabilities and better coverage alongside solid market is good news. We still project continued impact throughout the year as we normally see.
Robert Jones: So it sounds like a combination of improving markets and some of your efforts then.
Tom Prescott: I think thats fair.
Robert Jones: And then I guess just sticking with North America but moving over to pricing, ASPs were down a little more than we had expected at least. Im just curious how much leeway are you giving out there to the reps in the marketplace to drive some volume through pricing or through promotions?
Tom Prescott: Well, put this clearly Ill let David come to ASPs specifics. We have series of program the reps have no attitude at deals or anything else. We have a very organized system of promotions we put in place usually a quarter or two in advance and those are fairly consistent and we have the advantage program which is the way we basically manage price. So there is no kind of field based management of this per say, Ill let David maybe talk about some mix and few other issues that contributed to some of that ASP, none of which in our mind is negative.
David White : Rob, ASPs on a worldwide basis for the quarter were primarily influenced by foreign exchange so we continue to believe that as we treat more complex cases as our international business continues to grow we believe that our worldwide ASP should trend slightly up over the foreseeing future. Periodically we are going to see little volatility in that from quarter-to-quarter basis just depend upon how that mix land. This last quarter our international business is pretty flat quarter-to-quarter seasonally and so as a result our ASPs that we typically sell under here in North America influence that worldwide number a little bit more in what they would have otherwise.
Robert Jones: Okay, so the North American then was orchestrated through some of the specific targeted promotional activity it sounds like.
David White : We only disclose what the North America ASPs were so Im not sure how youre backing into that. But we didnt do anything fundamentally to change ASPs here in North America during the quarter. 
Tom Prescott: If I can pile on for a second, if you think about that for minute we had great expansion in ortho and some kind of say new improving traction with GP. When we get more high volume doctors do more volume through the Advantage program, youre going to see a little that in ASP. There was also a little bit of mix on the Express side, Express shift, Express mix stayed steady but little more in Express 5. But in general nothing unusual going on and all the directions are good.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve Beuchaw : First off, Joe, welcome to the call and thanks for taking the time to join. 
Joe Hogan: Thanks Steve. 
Steve Beuchaw : And Tom, in case this is my last opportunity, thanks for everything that you have done. 
Tom Prescott: Great, Steve its been a pleasure working with you Im sure see you around.
Steve Beuchaw : Hopefully in San Francisco in a few weeks?
Tom Prescott: Absolutely, there you go.
Steve Beuchaw: I guess Ill start with Tom and a question following up to the question on the Sirona relationship as we think about how that rolls out over the next year or so. I wonder what you are hearing thus far, whether its from your planning team or from the field, about how customers might take advantage of the scanner. We know in the orthodontics channel that people who have iTero, they tend to do more cases. So how are you thinking about the impact on GP customers who might have an Omnicam but not an iTero? How could their utilization evolve and how does that play out over time? 
Tom Prescott: Well, it goes right to the point of why we are pursuing this open systems approach within our operability. One is channel have to be capable, each of our partners have had to go into investing into software and tuning their systems to work with what the very prescribed for Invisalign and the Omnicam has met that standard and they rollout their 1.1 software well be able to get cases. What we would expect is whether there are low volume Invisalign user today having to do impressions PBS impressions to sent it in, that are to be a positive. Very few GPs and especially a bigger office using CEREC for example is doing a huge amount of Invisalign because theyve got such busy practice already. So were in addition to their practice we are not mean the main street part of their practice. This gives them an opportunity to me way more efficient to lower their cost and for the patient to be a whole lot happier. All of those things point to increase utilization. The result is never is significant as when you have a very high volume ortho that nearly switches over the scanners where it really removes friction, its very visible. So it does give us a great hunting license to go earn a bigger share of mine and share of practice being in more relevant and thats the case whether its iTero or thats the case whether its definition 3Ms True Definition, and it will be the case for Omnicam. So I think overtime our commitment is to work with each of these other players to ensure that we can deliver that great customers experience where patients are happy, docs are happy, we do that right we're going to get increased adoption growth in each of these accounts overtime.
Steve Beuchaw: And then one for Joe, I don't think anyone can expect you to have much in the way of specifics for how you want to operate at Align at this point. But I wonder if you can reflect on your past experience with regard to building a business, a combination of organic growth and acquisitive growth, and maybe give us a sense for how you at least philosophically think about the balance there. If you have any preferences or criteria that you use to think about for capital allocation by M&A and how you think about share buybacks for a company like Align that is such a strong generator of cash? Thanks.
Joe Hogan: I see that can read through your question and I've done a lot of M&A in my life and I'm sometimes labeled as an M&A person but I can tell you that I've only done that in the sense of looking at what organic growth is in different businesses I've been in and 10 to 1 Id rather grow organically than look at acquisitions. But every role that I've been in whether it was running businesses within GE or most recently ABB, I don't really come in with a playbook, I come in and just see what the company does well and where it might need help, assess the team and understand the team and the strength of that team and then figure out how to grow and how to operate well and so I don't really have a playbook in that sense I think that if you go back to my history and I know several people out there contacted some of my friends and different people which I appreciate you get an idea from them rather directly from me but indirectly from them how they felt about working with me or for me and hopefully you'll hear that. So honestly I come in here I see a team that has an incredible track record a tremendous leadership like Tom, a business that has incredible potential in a lot of ways, whether it's scale or through additional technology and some of the things that David and Tom just talked about and I look to see how we can enhance that and obviously as I start and look at the company I'll get out and see customers, meet as much the company as I can and then from there we'll figure out what we need to do to grow more and what makes more sense.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Chris Lewis of ROTH Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Lewis: I just wanted to start on the gross margins. And I may have missed it but it looks like it came in about 300 basis points above your outlook. So can you elaborate on what drove the upside for gross margin during the quarter in the face of FX headwinds? And then as you look into the second quarter, what are the factors that are leading to your expectation for a sequential decline in gross margin in the second quarter?
Tom Prescott: So one of the phenomena about our business has to do with the training events that go on from period-to-period and in periods when we have more training events than other periods our margins tend to fluctuate in the down direction or in the up direction, depends on whether those training events are increasing or decreasing. And so when you look from Q4 to Q1 the training events were down in Q1 and were anticipating they're going to back up in Q2. And that certainly has some influence on it, when you look at the Q2 guidance part of it is foreign exchange rates have moved another five points on us since the last, well since Q1 average and so that has obviously some bearing on the margin guidance with we gave for Q2.
David White: But Chris if I could add that we had increased volumes in the business, we had good performance of management of direct cost by the team, so we've seen where we put volume in this business it shows up in a variety of ways.
Chris Lewis : And then in terms of the high teen volume growth outlook you provided on the last call, 17% year-over-year volume growth this quarter, 18% guided to the midpoint next quarter, can you just talk about how you're feeling you're tracking towards that high teen volume growth outlook at this point, given your already kind of there in the first and second quarter and you talked about further impact from the North American go to market approach on the back half of this year.
Tom Prescott: David's the one providing the guidance I'll turn it over to him but I'll start by saying that all the elements we talked about that we tested during fiscal year '14 and pretty much had in place. We were getting good feedback and we said it was very early in the year at the end of January to see but were getting good feedback from customers that they felt that coverage had improved, our responsiveness was improving, we were in better position to help them be successful in their practices I'd say the maturation of things like deep bite and some of the initiatives we've been working on for a while, all those things kind of start to come together with a great consumer program so pleased that there are innovation cycle, coverage and go-to-market adjustments around the world and now in North America a little more, and consumer programs kind of work together and again actually the back drop is reasonably healthy market but we've been reasonably comfortable that we're on the right track, again the tide can go out a little bit but I think we're going to do better than most, I'll David come back and comment specifically on the framework he provided for the year.
David White: Yes, so Chris when we gave the framework back in January and so forth we had obviously a lot of lifting to do against the foreign exchange headwinds and so forth we had a lot of investments we were making to hopefully drive top line in not only the long term but certainly in the short term and you may recall in our comments I think we might even have mentioned something that effect here early in the call that we expect to see more of our growth coming in the second half of the year. Some of those investments we can take hold. So as we think about the year in totality we feel like we gotten up to a great start and sitting April feeling good about that but we also know we have a lot of works still got ahead of us to deliver the full year results that we give you the outlook on just couple of months ago.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good evening, guys, and welcome Joe and Tom. Hopefully Ill catch you in San Francisco in a couple weeks like some of the others. 
Tom Prescott: Perfect.
Jeff Johnson: I wanted to start, Joe, you made a comment that some of us have been out there checking on you and one of the labels that gets put on you is maybe an M&A focus. One of the other labels, if I want to phrase it that way, is that you may be a very cost-conscious or cost-focused kind of guy as well. Maybe that stems obviously from your GE Healthcare days. But just in general, how do you think about costs? And youre running obviously the growth company a West Coast based growth company. Any comments you could make on that side of the story?
Tom Prescott: Jeff, thats a really good question. In my career I have had to understand the operations and be part of operations or whatever. One of the reason Im here is because I love growth and I love businesses have potential to grow and obviously investment in growth is really important thing I think when you listen to Tom and David I smile because you can see good input and output ratio in the sense what investments are being made here and the consequential growth you can get in about very shorter period of time. And so its hopefully you can see in the sense of the business that works and I like things that work in the business and what leadership pull and how things work. Secondly from a cost standpoint I am a guy who want to understand cost and make sure that we do make investments that they are good investments you just dont take that for granted and you also need to diligent around cost really understand where its going in. And often from a portfolio standpoint you might want to make some move something from part of the business and other part so you actually growing more. So I dont think its a liability at all that I understand operations and enjoy operations but look at in the sense of just from the standpoint of cost saving cost. Its just an allocation of capital and resources and where that best goes in the business in the point in time.
Jeff Johnson: It does. Very helpful as well, thank you, David, one question for you and Ill take kind of maybe the opposite side of Bobs question earlier. On ASPs, the sequential decline of $35 was actually less than we were thinking it was going to be; the decline was less. So ASPs came in a bit above what we were thinking. And you said 90% of that was currency. When I look at the GP number, GP up 6.5% was a decently good number, better than its been, but stacked comps still got a little slower. So I guess what Im trying to figure out is, you had a sizable Express 5 promotion in place this quarter. Has that just not generated the traction yet? Should we think about kind of the acceleration off that promotion kind of coming more in Q2 and I would assume that would then impact the ASPs a little bit more in 2Q over the 1Q as well?
Tom Prescott: Its specifically Jeff regarding the Express promotion we implemented that in the middle of the quarter and then you have to recognize that its going to take a while before doctors are going to get engage with that promotion its going to take a while for them to get patients in the seat to get them to treatment planning. Get treatment planning approved. Fabricate the aligners et cetera. So we only saw a small impact of Express 5 really during Q1. We are continuing that promotion in the Q2. So to the extent that has some impact on ASPs we think it will be relatively modest and Id say the other thing is that objective with the Express 5 promotion is to drive adoption and we kind of view the Express 5 promotion as a way to increase the bonds that we would otherwise done as a company in any of that. So we see Express 5 promotion really as incremental. To the extent it was widely successful which we certainly hope for. That would have some impact on ASPs but were not expecting it to be that meaningful.
Jeff Johnson : Understood.
Tom Prescott: If I add to that Ill point you back to what I said earlier, this is about really getting progress in regular adoption by the course customer group we want Orthos and GPs that have made a big part of their practice and when that happen they get a little better pricing. There is little more of our total volume going to advantage and we would expect the little bit of them move on ASP down. So thats a really good of that because were most efficient covering those customers versus bringing a very low volume customer along with a very low leverage in the go-to market model. So weve always been very willing to have that volume impact for fairly modest ASP decline. So thats in more mindset progress.
Jeff Johnson: Yes. I got it. Not a criticism of the program at all. Just wanted to check when the impact would come down.
Tom Prescott: Didnt take it that way just trying to be clear.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Ill preface this by saying, trying to be clear not that Im complaining, but when the company [indiscernible] when you guys complete those case volumes in conjunction with Toms retirement, if I remember correctly, that was at the very end of March. I think like the 25th or the 26th. And sort of the wording in that release would have implied around 127,000, 128,000 1Q cases. You did close t o 131. I mean the way your revenue model works, the quarter was closed back then. So I'm just asking, David, I guess this one's for you. Can you explain that discrepancy? And then Tom, as a function of that, maybe if you can comment on intra-quarter trends that you saw and more specifically how you exited March and April?
Tom Prescott: I'm going to get in front of David for one reason, this was not a going away gift for me, this is the way the business evolves in trying to meet customer needs, it's really-really simple and the way the volume flowed through the quarter was pretty linear but it was just -- to meet our kind of, our standard requirements we wanted to get those cases out. We're not trying to micromanage that and again we had some work to do while we were coming out with this news on me, I'll let David talk.
David White: I think the press release, I don't know the exact wording in it, Jon but I think it said we expected to be slightly above the high-end of our range and I guess you can define what slightly means but you know the only other alternative would have been to put a number out there and we just didnt feel that was the right thing to do but you know I think we gave you the best guidance we could in terms of the appropriateness of what we put in the press release before we're ready to close out the financials and talk about it a few weeks later.
Jon Block: Fair enough and again, not that I'm complaining. Question two, if I can just have sort of a call it part A and part B. The first one, part A, David, longer-term, that 25% to 30% sort of three- to five-year op margin goal, should we think about that and normalize for FX? And I know you don't want that sort of a moving target and floating daily to currencies, but that should be down maybe 200 to 300 basis points from when you gave that last year at the analyst day. So should we think of that more 22% to 27%, or how should we flow that through our model? And then Tom, the B is I'm sort of trying end our interaction with a difficult question. On the Sirona deal, which still, in my opinion, came two years too late, but to dig deeper, why not make that exclusive and have something where you have a payment flowing from you guys to Sirona so when you fast-forward three years, they can't sign up a DENTSPLY or a Danaher and lock up that volume on Invisalign's platform. Thank you guys.
David White: I think that's a four part question Jon, let me start first with the whole logic for being in open systems. Simply stated it's better for our customers. No one wants to have to redesign, start over, buy multiple pieces of equipment if they can have greatest utility from a scanner by the way, with this open systems we still sell more standalone scanner than anybody else, so we're doing pretty well even as we're opening up Invisalign which would be an advantage for our iTero team to sell our own scanner so we believe what we hear from our customers is they don't want to be forced to buy a system from you for the pleasure of offering Invisalign to their patients and other therapies we may have down the road, so we feel actually very strongly. To the point of paying Sirona this is really about value creation right for our customer, most buyers of scanners say they want to make sure the scanner can do a therapy like Invisalign so if anybody was going to pay it ought to be the other way around and to exclusivity we think that if everybody brings a different story to the market you know Sirona has a great product offering with the stored up dentistry, Patterson carries a lot of products, they're focused for that. There's no reason, we dont really directly compete with them there's no reason for us not to act in complementary ways because it's good for the customer, so in our minds we don't need to own the channel we dont to have exclusivity in fact we want probably more high quality scanners that can make it easier to do Invisalign and other chair side procedures that we have unique capability to fulfill. So I think, well I'd point to the opposite direction there's more benefit from giving a customer what they want at a lower cost and great utility over time than anything else.
Jon Block: Fair enough and David can I get you to comment on the 3-5 year margin guidance?
David White: So Jon our operating model that weve been targeting and striving to achieve for some time, it's certainly influenced by a lot of variables, FX being just one of them, we still -- and I think we demonstrated the leverage we get out of our business model in the last year 2014 being the first year that we actually landed results inside that model. And so we do get leverage from growth and growth is the best strategy for growing out of the headwinds we're getting from FX. And so while those headwinds may set us back a little bit while we try and readjust our business and so forth, I think the great thing about our business is the fact that it's growing and as we continue to grow particularly on the international side we believe we can grow out of those currency headwinds so we don't see any reason to update our model, I think it's still, its a long term model, it's still aspirational in some respects and we still feel pretty strongly about the potential of the business to grow into again even with the headwinds.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Glen Santangelo: Thanks. Tom and David, last quarter, we spent a fair amount of time talking about some of the incremental investments that you plan to make around areas of sleep apnea, the new ERP system, some of the North American sales people. And at that time, you gave some pretty specific details around that and the potential impacts it might have on margin. Maybe could you give us a little bit of an update there, maybe give us a sense for maybe how much you might have spent in those areas this quarter and what youre forecasting to spend in the second quarter?
Tom Prescott: Glen I dont know I really got an update for your I think when we gave the outlook for the year and as you see our first quarter results and our guidance for Q2 I think you can see the uplift in our operating expenses I think you can assume that most of that uplift has to do with new investments. We talk about sleep apnea in Q1. We talked about the investments in the sales force in go-to-market coverage et cetera. Those investments are all P&L investments. So I think its pretty transparent when you look at our Q1 results and our guidance that those investments are proceedings as we indicated and I think they will continue to proceed throughout the balance of the year as we continue to plant seeds for the future direction and the growth of business.
Glen Santangelo: Okay. Thats fine. Maybe if I can just ask Joe a question. Joe, it kind of sounds like youre excited about a bunch of the opportunities that you see, but what one of the issues thats been on investors minds is around intellectual property and the expiration of some of the patents in 2017 and 2018. And so Im kind of curious. Could you maybe share with us how much due diligence you did around this IP issue, and how maybe you got comfortable with this issue when considering taking the position?
Tom Prescott: Glen its a good question honestly my due diligence was almost with a huge receive from Top and rest of the team and looking at whats going on. If you look at the R&D investment the number of patterns and -- if you look at the sequential technology capability that Align is really shown to these investments starting with relatively simple kind of liners through the years becoming more and more capable of doing more difficult cases I think shows that overall the initial exploration was patterns in two years forward, just more through this in just a couple of patterns coming off respect to this success here almost been done. So obviously, in my life, I have been associated with lot IP particularly with GE Medical and GE Healthcare. I understand the impact of customer preference also market channeling, skill, all of those things as it relates to IP2. When I look at Align I see there is much more going on here than just a pattern coming off over the next couple years and this sets the momentum with the opportunities to -- thats not in the gate what that might need from the competitive standpoint that everyone has competition, competition should make you better and company should be able to respond in that too and I think Align has shown that they can do that. As I take over for Tom and we work as a team. Well continue to focus on customers. Well continue to invest in R&D. We continue to scale globally and I think thats going to help that whole equation a lot.
Glen Santangelo: Okay. Thanks for the comments. 
Tom Prescott: Thanks Glen. Operator, well take one last question please.
Operator: Yes, that question will be coming from the line of Jeffrey Matthews at Ram Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Jeffrey Matthews: Hi. Can you hear me?
Tom Prescott: Hi Jeff, yes.
Jeffrey Matthews : Hi. Joe, I just want to say I look forward to meeting you. My old pal Nat Kingman speaks very highly of you. And Tom, I dont want to offend any of the sports fans on the call, but I feel like I did when Mariano Rivera retired from the Yankees. Very sad, but very appreciative of his track record and I just want to say congratulations and great good luck. You deserve all good things.
Tom Prescott: Very nice of you to say, I appreciate it. 
Shirley Stacy: Well, thank you every one for joining us. That concludes our conference call today. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences and industry meetings. If you have any follow up questions please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy -  Thomas M. Prescott - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David L. White - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Align Technology Fourth Quarter Earnings Teleconference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and David White, CFO. We issued fourth quarter 2014 financial results today via MarketWire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on February 5. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial (877) 660-6853 with conference number 13598471 followed by pound. International callers should dial (201) 612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements about Align's future events, product outlook, and the expected financial results for the first quarter of 2015. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail on our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, and our Form 10-Q for the third quarter of fiscal 2014. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. We have posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements including the corresponding reconciliations and our fourth quarter conference call slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. On the call today, I'll provide some highlights from our fourth quarter and full year results and then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments: Invisalign Clear Aligner, and Scanner and Services. I'll also provide some color on our customer performance, as well as progress in our geographies around the world. David will provide more detail on our financials, discuss our outlook for the first quarter, provide some commentary on our overall business for 2015. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. We are pleased to have delivered a good quarter and finish to the year, driven by continued strong growth in our EMEA and APAC regions, along with solid results in North America. Q4 revenues of $198.6 million increased 11.4% year-over-year, and Invisalign case volume growth of 14.2%. For the full year, revenues of $761.7 million increased 15.4% year-over-year, reflecting growth across all customer channels and geographies, as well as expansion of our customer base and increased utilization by existing doctors. I'm also very pleased to report that shortly after the New Year, we shipped our 3 millionth Invisalign case destined for an Invisalign teen patient in the New Jersey area. This is a significant milestone for Align, for our doctors and for our employees. It took us 10 years to reach our 1 millionth case, another 3 years to the next million and only 2 more years to reach 3 million patients now and counting. On an overall basis, 2014 was another great year for Align. Our results reflect continued execution of our strategic plan, including our 3 key strategic growth drivers, which are market expansion, product innovation and brand strength. I'll provide a brief update on each of these before discussing our results further. First, market expansion. It comprises the many ways we are working to expand the adult orthodontic treatment category with clear aligner therapy, increase our share of the largest segment of orthodontics, the Teenage market, and open up new and existing markets and geographies around the world. Over the past year, we have continued to invest in sales coverage, professional marketing and education programs, along with consumer marketing in selected country markets. We've also made targeted investments in opening up new geographic markets. For example, we further expanded our directly covered country markets in Europe by converting 23 countries previously managed by our EMEA distributor back into direct sales geographies. Today, we are announcing further expansion in the EMEA region with 3 additional European countries, which are Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg or Benelux, which are moving from distributor coverage to our direct sales organization this quarter. As with the previous countries added, we will leverage our existing infrastructure from the adjacent country teams to build local sales coverage, drive long-term market penetration and create a much stronger consumer brand for Invisalign. In the near term, we do not expect the material impact from these new countries, but over the longer term, we believe these smaller individual country markets will support and extend a strong growth in the EMEA region. In a very important Teen segment, which accounts for approximately 3/4 of total orthodontic case starts each year, we continue to gain share against traditional brackets and wires. This past year, over 117,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign, up 16.1% in an orthodontic market that is growing a low to mid-single digits, overall. While we're pleased with our continued progress, we have yet to realize our full potential in our Teenage segment in North America, not to mention in EMEA or APAC, where we are just getting started. We intend to more -- we intend to achieve more meaningful share gains for Invisalign among teen patients through expanded coverage and support, as well as consumer demand creation programs, to speak directly to teens and their moms to address common misconceptions about Invisalign treatment, letting them know the reality, about how great teen compliance is, the fact that Invisalign costs about the same as braces and the excellent treatment outcomes doctors consistently achieve on teen patients. The second strategic growth driver, product innovation, aims to create greater doctors preference for Invisalign by delivering new features and functionality to increase our doctors' confidence in treating patients with Invisalign more often and on more complex cases. As the science, technology and clinical capability behind Invisalign evolves and expands, our ability to gain incremental share of orthodontic case starts expands with it. In 2014, we announced multiple innovations designed to improve clinical applicability and predictability of treatment outcomes. In March, we launched Invisalign G5 for deep bite, which includes comprehensive features that make it far easier for our customers to treat this large segment of the market. We estimate that almost half of the orthodontic case starts in North America and Europe and almost 1/3 of malocclusions that present to doctors in Asia are deep bite cases. Feedback from doctors on deep bite continues to be positive with some of our most experienced customers calling us a significant enhancement in predictability and sighting increased confidence in Invisalign treatment of deep bite cases. Not only are doctors treating deep bite cases with Invisalign more often compared to previous years, they also report increased confidence using Invisalign on more complex cases over all, and we expect this trend to continue. In March, we also launched ClinCheck Pro in North America. ClinCheck Pro is the next generation Invisalign treatment software tool. It gives doctors more precise control over the final tooth position to better achieve their treatment goals. ClinCheck Pro will be available in EMEA and APAC this quarter, and we expect to see continued positive effects in treatment outcomes by enabling our doctors to show us rather than just tell us how they want their final set up. In November, we announced the upcoming release of the Invisalign G6 for treatment of severe crowding and bimaxillary protrusion or first premolar extraction, a common type of malocclusion that affects more than 50% of patients in Asia; along with 20% in Europe; and 12% in North America. We're excited to offer our customers a set of features designed to deliver greater predictability in severe crowding cases that require tooth extraction. Invisalign G6 clinical innovations will be available in a limited release to Invisalign trained providers in North America during Q1, with broader commercialization efforts in our APAC, EMEA and Latin America geographies throughout 2015. We expect to release Invisalign G6 more widely in North America in early 2016. Given the high relative complexity of cases Invisalign G6 we'll be addressing and a greater time required for treatment in these cases, we expect a gradual adoption much like we are seeing for Invisalign G5, as our doctors try the extraction solution, be comfortable with the increased predictability Invisalign G6 provides and overtime, begin to start more Invisalign cases for this important indication. Both the Invisalign G5 for deep bite and now Invisalign G6 build on our commitment to systematically address the types of cases our customers are routinely treating in their practices. Our third strategic growth driver is brand strength, which we use to build category and drive demand. Align is building a superior brand through a very integrated consumer marketing platform that includes TV, media, social network and eEvent marketing. Our goals are to make Invisalign a household name worldwide and to motivate consumers to seek Invisalign treatment. In North America, we continue to speak directly to adults, moms and teens utilizing combined media programs across TV, social media, PR and digital media. In selected markets across Europe and Asia, we are driving the Invisalign message through social media engagement and PR programs. We are pleased with the progress we're seeing with programs like our EMEA regional city initiative, which has been launched successfully in 10 target cities. In these markets, we have been able to raise awareness of the Invisalign brand and continue to reposition the attractiveness of orthodontic treatment with Invisalign. There are plenty of highlights to share here, but since we included some details on our consumer activities in our webcast slides, I'll skip those details and let you revisit yourself. Taken together, these 3 key strategic growth drivers, market expansion, product innovation and brand strength provide us with a set of levers to build the business, giving us confidence in our plans for continued long-term growth. With these strategic growth drivers in mind, let's talk about how we did in Q4, by sharing some customer and geographic highlights, starting with our fastest-growing business: International. Q4 was another strong quarter for our international business across the EMEA and APAC regions. On a combined basis, total international Invisalign case volume for Q4 was over 30% of our business for the first time ever, reflecting an increase of 17.1% sequentially and up 29.2% year-over-year. Our strong performance was driven by a combination of increased utilization by orthodontists in all countries, as well as our continued effort to add new Invisalign trained doctors. On a full year basis, international case shipments increased 28.6%. This progress was driven by a combination of all 3 strategic growth drivers, market expansion as we continue to grow in new markets and achieve better penetration in existing markets through investments and coverage, product innovation as our doctors confidence in clinical results continue to improve from important evolutions in our products, and brand strength as we begin to more effectively reach consumers and help them get the smile they've always wanted. In the EMEA region, Q4 Invisalign case volume increased 27.5% year-over-year, reflecting record quarter results across all major countries. In the APAC region, Invisalign case volume increased 32.7% year-over-year, reflecting continued strong growth across all countries, with Q4 being a record quarter for Invisalign volume in Australia, New Zealand and Japan. In China, despite Q4 seasonality due to multiple industry trade shows, conferences and lengthy national holidays across the region, year-over-year growth continues to outstrip the rest of the region and more than doubled again. The Asia-Pacific region is leading the growth story across the line by execution on the same integrated use of the strategic growth drivers as in EMEA, combined with an extremely strong focus on excellence in clinical education. We are proud of our teams there and expect this good execution to continue. For Q4, North America saw solid progress with Invisalign volume up 1.7% sequentially and 8.4% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Q4 growth for North America GP exceeded historical Q4 over Q3 trends, which is offset by an expected slight decline from North American orthos, who typically have slower growth coming off the summer teen season. On a year-over-year basis, both customer channels were up and growth was driven primarily by continued expansion of our customer base and increased utilization from North American orthos. Now turning to our Scanner business. Intraoral scanning in general, and with iTero in particular, represents a key future trend in dentistry and a means of connecting all areas of a practice. We are continuing to build a great digital footprint through a growing installed base of iTero scanners. In Q4, our Scanner and Services business revenues were up 3.6 sequentially and up slightly year-over-year. Our Scanner business continues to benefit from leveraging our combined Invisalign and iTero sales and marketing resources and taking full advantage of Invisalign and industry events. We generated a lot of interest and sales of iTero scanners at the ADA during New York Dental Meetings, as well as our North American Ortho Summit in November. Our customers have recognized that having an iTero scanner at chair side is a great way to improve the orthodontic experience for their patients and overall practice attractiveness with Invisalign. This underscores the reason why we continue to see substantial growth in utilization among customers with an iTero scanner. As of Q4, the percentage of Invisalign cases submitted with the digital scan in North America rose to 37.8% compared to 34% in Q3 and 26.6% in Q4 a year ago. Overall, the progress we're seeing in North America is encouraging, but does not yet reflect the benefits we expect from optimizing our go-to-market approach and sales force structure, deployment and coverage model, some of which we referenced at our analyst's meeting last May, as well as highlighted briefly in my presentation at J.P. Morgan Health Care Conference a few weeks ago. More than a year ago, we began a comprehensive assessment of the need for a significant evolution of our strategic and tactical approach in North America business to drive real change and accelerate growth. As a result, we developed and are currently implementing an updated go-to-market strategy with an expanded team and new structure to provide more comprehensive sales and service coverage. Our intent is to provide better support and engage with our doctors and their staff members, owning a much bigger place in our doctors practices. Better understanding of customer insights is essential for improved segmentation of our customer base to ensure more effective sales coverage, delivery of products and services that are tailored to specific needs and targeted selection of practices for recruitment. Our diverse customer base varies widely from the specialist to general dentist, and their needs are quite different from practice to practice. And bringing more analytical rigor to segmentation of our customer base, we are able to derive more holistic effective measures of practice potential rather than simply relying on the current run rate of the business. Accordingly, we can organize and deploy sales coverage and customer support far more effectively, while reducing sales territory size and significantly increasing the face-time our field team has with these high-value partners. In order to ensure North America sales and marketing team can increase time in-office and help each practice become more successful, they're in the process of adding a significant headcount to a North America field team that is also evolving a bit in structure. While creating some new roles, the primary changes is an addition of another 50 sales heads, most of which is in place as of today. While smaller in scope than the percentage increases in sales coverage still going on in our APAC region, this infusion of additional talent and expansion of coverage will ensure we can accelerate growth in our North America business. This approach is similar in some ways to how we restage growth in EMEA and accelerated growth in APAC a few years back. We developed solid plans for each of those regions and invested appropriately in sales coverage, marketing capabilities and acceleration of product development to address more complex cases. International teams have executed well against our plans, delivering very strong growth that we expect will continue, partly based up on our intent to continue investing into these attractive growth opportunities. In retrospect, while we were busy increasing investment and building the teams in APAC and EMEA, we under invested in North America business, especially relative to the size of the opportunity. A combination of greater analytical rigor, improved segmentation and a more effective deployment model makes us confident that North America team will also be successful in reaccelerating growth rates. Additionally, these increased investments in the North America go-to-market strategy and sales force expansion dovetail very well with other key infrastructure projects underway. These projects will ensure expanded capacity to handle additional growth with another manufacturing plant in Juarez, as well as implementation of improved enterprise systems, which will allow for more cost-effective scaling of the business, while enabling better ways of exceeding customer needs. Combined with new product and technology initiatives, these investments will ensure Align's market leadership for a long time to come. It's an exciting time to be here at Align. We are accelerating progress in market expansion, product innovation and brand. While we continue to see even more opportunities ahead. We have a robust pipeline of new product initiatives and a long list of high NPV projects in virtually every area of the company. Even with all of that, we still see significant potential to further leverage our unique core competencies, which include digital treatment planning at significant scale, the ability to create software and algorithms clinically informed by more than 5 million Invisalign iTero cases and computerizing precision control manufacturing for customized appliances. For some time, we've been considering a few opportunities adjacent to orthodontics and restorative dentistry, which could potentially leverage the core competencies that I just mentioned. One of those is a large market for a serious and growing medical condition, obstructive sleep apnea or OSA. Increasingly, dentists are becoming involved in the treatment of, and management of patients with mild to moderate OSA conditions, principally through the use of devices called mandibular advancement or mandibular repositioning devices. We believe our core competencies line up very well with this therapeutic approach and have been working with several players in the dental treatment of OSA. While still a bit in stealth mode, we are now ready to share a little more about our plans, including a relationship with an innovator in the OSA market that is working with us to develop new products for dentists to treat mild to moderate OSA, with Oral Appliance Therapy. This investment, in addition to other potential high-impact projects, fits extremely well within our overall strategy and can form the base for a new set of OSA therapeutic offerings at Align. These new products will benefit from continued evolution in our world class manufacturing technology base and over time, help make us far more relevant to our dental customers as they begin to treat a wider definition of oral health. We are very interested in this new adjacent market opportunity and the potential for commercial entry in the next year or so. As I said a moment ago, these are exciting times at Align. We're in a period of substantial investment in a series of initiatives that give us even greater confidence we can accelerate top line growth, generate incremental operating income, and extend our market leadership in clear aligner therapy and digital restorative dentistry. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to David for a review of our Q4 financial results. David?
David L. White: Thanks, Tom. Before I get into the details, I'd like to note that unless stated otherwise, all of the financial information I'll discuss will be presented on a GAAP basis. With that, let's review our Fourth Quarter and Full Year financial results. Revenue for the fourth quarter was a record $198.6 million, up 4.6% from the prior quarter and up 11.4% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Fourth quarter Clear Aligner revenue of $186.4 million was up 4.7% sequentially and up 12.2% year-over-year. Sequential revenue growth reflected strong volume from our international doctors, offset somewhat by a decrease in ASPs. Q4 ASPs were down sequentially $22, of which approximately $18 or $2.3 million in aggregate, was primarily related to the weakening euro. Our year-over-year revenue growth reflected Invisalign case volume growth across all customer channels, offset by lower ASPs, again, primarily related to foreign exchange rates and higher discounts. For the fourth quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 126,900 cases were up 6.1% sequentially, reflecting continued strong international growth, which was up 17.1% sequentially, whereas North America was only up slightly. Year-over-year, case volume growth was 14.2% reflected in increased utilization, primarily from North America orthodontic customers, as well as expansion of both our North American GP customer base and international doctors. North American orthodontists, Q4 Invisalign case volume was seasonally down 1% sequentially and up 12.6% year-over-year. For North American GP Dentist, case volume increased 4.9% sequentially and 4.1% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume increased 17.1% sequentially and 29.2% year-over-year. Worldwide, Invisalign utilization in Q4 was 4.4 cases per doctor, unchanged from 4.4 in Q4 2013. North American, ortho utilization of 8.6, increased from 8.0 in the prior year. North America GP utilization of 2.9 was slightly down from 3.0 of the prior year. In international, doctor utilization of 4.5 was essentially flat with the prior year. In Q4, we added 1,170 new North American doctors and 1,255 new international doctors. In total, we added 2,425 new Invisalign doctors in Q4. Fourth quarter revenue of our Scanner and Services segment was $12.2 million, a 3.6% increase sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, our Scanner and Services revenue was slightly higher by 0.8%. Moving onto gross margin. Fourth quarter overall gross margin was 75.9%, down sequentially 0.5 points and 0.6. year-over-year, primarily as a result of the impact of FX on ASPs. Recall that the prior years, fourth quarter gross margins also benefited from onetime items, of which, warranty costs were one, that amounted to approximately 1.5 points. Clear aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 78.8%, down 0.4 point sequentially and 1 point year-over-year. Both the sequential and year-over-year decreases were primarily the result of lower ASPs, substantially attributable to a weaker euro and onetime benefit as previously discussed. Q4 gross margin for our Scanner segment was 30.2%, down 3.3 points sequentially and 0.9 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease was primarily the results of higher product costs, and to a lesser extent, lower ASPs due to year-end promotions. Year-over-year decrease was primarily the result of lower ASPs, due to higher promotional programs, partially offset by more favorable product mix. Prior year results were unfavorably impacted by the sale of older, end-of-life products. Q4 operating expenses were $99.2 million. This represented a sequential increase of $6 million, due primarily to higher sales and marketing spend, attributable to key customer events, legal and related expenses, and to a lesser extent our first investment in the obstructive sleep apnea market. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 operating expenses were up $16 million, reflecting continued investment in new and existing markets and geographies, as well as new products and technology. Our fourth quarter operating margin was 25.9%, down 1.2 points sequentially and 3.8 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease was principally related to higher operating expenses, and to a lesser extent, lower gross margins as just described. The year-over-year decrease in operating margin reflects higher operating expenses. And as previously mentioned, the prior year's operating margin included onetime gross margin benefits, as well as approximately a $2.5 million benefit for stock compensation expense as a result of executive departures. These results increased last year's operating margin by 3 points. Other income and expense included $2 million of charges, or approximately $0.02 per share, primarily related to FX losses due to the weakening of the euro to the U.S. dollar. Further, the quarter-over-quarter impact of currency on revenue, net of the benefit we get on the translation of expenses at a lower rate was $0.01 per share. With regards to our fourth quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 20.6%. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.48 compared to $0.47 reported in Q3 and $0.51 reported in the same quarter last year. Moving on to the balance sheet. For the fourth quarter, our accounts receivable balance was $129.8 million, down approximately 0.2% sequentially. Our overall DSO was 58 days, down 4 days sequentially and up 1 day over the same period a year ago. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $7.1 million, primarily relating to manufacturing capacity additions. Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $69.4 million. And free cash flow for the fourth quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $62.3 million. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short- and long-term investments, were $602.6 million. This compares to $472 million at the end of 2013, an increase of approximately $131 million. The company repurchased approximately 470 -- 417,000 shares of stock for $20.8 million during the quarter. These repurchases were part of the 3-year $300 million stock repurchase program we announced on April 23, 2014. Before we move to the Q1 outlook, I'd like to make a few comments on our full year 2014 results. Revenue was a record $761.7 million, up 15.4% year-over-year. In 2014, we shipped 478,000 Invisalign cases, up 13.2% and reflecting 28.6% volume growth from our international doctors. Full year operating income was $193.6 million, or 25.4% of revenue. While this was better than the 2014 outlook we described at the beginning of the year, more importantly, it marked the first-time our operating margin has been within the range of our long-term financial model target for the full year, albeit at the low end of that range. We generated $224.7 million of cash flow from operations in 2014 and had free cash flow of $200.6 million. In addition, we repurchased 1.9 million shares for $98.2 million. 2014 diluted EPS was $1.77. With that, let's now turn our attention to the outlook for Q1 and provide some commentary on 2015. Part of doing so, however, I'd like to start by reviewing the framework under which we operate and drive the business. We've consistently talked about 3 pillars of investments, that together work in tandem to drive top line growth and deliver bottom line results. Tom talked about them in his remarks. Market expansion, product innovation and brand strength. At the start of 2014, our plans anticipated significant incremental investments in new programs, most of which focused on market expansion and product innovation. We largely executed on that plan as evidenced by the exceptional 2014 growth of our international business and the release of various new product offerings, which Tom mentioned. It was the largest year-over-year incremental investment in new programs we'd ever made. As Tom just described, our plans for 2015 are no less ambitious. This year, we expect to invest substantially more year-over-year in more programs. While much of that will again focus on growth drivers, particularly market expansion, there will be some new areas of concentrated focus, like obstructive sleep apnea and enterprise systems. Together, we believe these investments will position us to increase our top line growth, deliver earnings leverage and produce operating results that will further penetrate our long-term operating model range, as we demonstrated in 2014 with outstanding International growth and operating margin performance. We're already executing on many of these investments, recognizing that there'll be some lag between investment and returns. Consequently, our outlook reflects that impact. With that backdrop, let's now turn to our business outlook for the first quarter and the factors that inform our view. Starting with the demand outlook. Consistent with historical trends, we expect demand in North America to be up slightly in Q1, driven primarily by demand from orthodontists. Turning to our international business, our first quarter has historically been a slower period for doctors and fewer days in the office due to the winter holidays in Europe and the Lunar New Year in Asia, so while we expect continued double digit growth year-over-year, we expect International volume to be down slightly on a sequential basis. As for our Scanner business, Q1 has historically been a slower period for equipment sales, following strong tax incentives driven demand at year end, and accordingly, we expect this segment to be down in Q1. We expect gross margin to be slightly down in Q1, primarily as a result of foreign exchange, additional aligners per case as we treat more complex cases, as well as increased manufacturing costs, that I'll talk about momentarily as a part of OpEx. Operating expenses will increase quarter-over-quarter, consistent with historical first quarters, based on several factors. First of all, employee compensation-related costs will increase in Q1 for 2 reasons. As a company, we operate on an annual cycle for all worldwide employee compensation reviews, including salary increases and promotions, as well as annual stock grants. These increases are effective in the first quarter. Further, employer paid payroll taxes, such as social security taxes in the U.S., reset at the start of the new calendar year. Second, incremental investments in market expansion, particularly North America, but also internationally, will increase operating expenses as we add additional coverage resources. And finally, investments outside of our historical core business, like obstructive sleep apnea and enterprise systems will also be incremental to our baseline spending coming out of Q4. With this as a backdrop, we expect the first quarter to shape up as follows: Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 124,400 to 127,400 cases, flat to a slight decrease from Q4. We expect net revenues to be in the range of $187.3 million to $192.4 million, a sequential decrease from Q4, primarily as result of lower ASPs driven by a weaker euro. We expect gross margin to be in the range of 73.5% to 74%, down sequentially from Q4 as mentioned above. We expect the operating expenses to be in the range of $105.2 million to $106.5 million. The sequential increase from Q4 also reflecting the aforementioned investments. Our operating margin should be in the range of 17.4% to 18.6%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 23%, and diluted shares outstanding should be approximately $82.1 million, excluding repurchases as mentioned earlier. Taken together, we expect diluted EPS to be in the range of $0.29 to $0.32. And based on today's exchange rates, Q1 earnings would be impacted by about $0.04. With that, let me now provide some additional comments with respect to 2015. We believe our investment plans will continue to drive long-term sustainable growth that will far outpace the industry and further perpetuate our market share gains. While 2014 marked the first time we delivered full year operating margin results, within our long-term model, albeit at the low end of that range. FX and our new investment will make that more challenging in 2015. While we haven't had a practice of providing full year guidance, let me see if I can put these into context with respect to our actual 2014 results and our long-term model. First of all, from a revenue standpoint, we see year-over-year growth in both Invisalign case demand and revenue, when measured on a constant currency basis, to be in the high teens and within our long-term operating model. Based on today's exchange rates, however, the euro has fallen approximately 16% from the 2014 average. As a result, 2015 revenue growth will face headwinds in the range of 6 to 7 points. If this rate prevails through the year, this will put our growth somewhere in the low double-digit range and below the bottom end of our long-term model. From an operating margin standpoint, if we exclude investment and obstructive sleep apnea, which is outside of our core business, and investment in enterprise systems, which will have a limited duration, we believe 2015 operating margins, at constant currency, would be very consistent with our 2014 results and would again fall within our long-term model. To be clear, this does include all of the other incremental investments for market expansion and product technology that Tom referred to in his remarks. Including these 2 investments, along with the weaker euro, however, will impact 2015 operating margins on the order of 4 to 5 points. This figure is net of the benefit we realized from lower OpEx as a result of the weaker euro. All said, this would place us below the low-end of our operating model. We believe these investments present high-quality opportunities important for driving customer adoption, accelerating our growth in North America, continuing to expand and grow internationally and together, building a foundation for long-term sustainable growth. While many of these investments will take time before they realize meaningful returns, others should begin showing returns in the second half of 2015. Hence, we see our earnings fall [ph] in the second half of the year as stronger than the front half of the year. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Tom for closing comments.
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, David. On an overall basis, 2014 was a year of solid financial results and excellent strategic progress. Our teams continue to deliver in virtually every area and a few where we're not satisfied, like our North America business, we are taking important steps to accelerate growth to become even more relevant to our customers. We believe the evolution in the go-to-market strategy for the North American business, including the strategic deployment of more optimal coverage and the right technology tools and support for our combined marketing and sales teams is the right thing to do. I'm confident these investments will deliver a great return for our customers, our shareholders and our employees, and result in getting Align back to the midrange of our long-term target growth rate. Given the number of attractive investments to grow the top line, drive improved customer outcomes and satisfaction, and better profitability, we are making the choice to manage the business carefully through this cycle of heavier investment, with the commitment to restage growth towards that middle of our long-term model range and deliver improved operating margins. The entire Align team is committed to making this happen. I'm extremely excited about our progress, and I look forward to discussing this with many of you as we get out to dental trade shows and investor events over the next few months. And with that, we will move to take some questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I do see the first question is coming from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I've got a handful, but I'll try to keep it to 2 and then I'll try to follow-up with you guys off line. I think I'll keep it big picture, Tom, I'm looking at 3- to 5-year models that say, Op [ph] margins of 25% to 30%. And it looks like because of the investment in OSA, you're thinking about going down in the near-term and some currency, but maybe down to around 20% or 21%. How quickly are these accretive? I mean, I'm just trying to think of if you were to even get to 25% Op [ph] margin in 3 or 4 years, your leverage would have to go something like 20%, 24%, 26%, 29%, to even get to the bottom end of the range. So can you just help us with your confidence that you can get to 25% plus Op margins in 3 to 5? And why you think they're going to be that accretive that quickly? That's the first question.
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. Thanks -- or maybe 1a. I'll start and then ask David to come in behind me. The biggest thing here is FX as everybody adjusts to it. We've got plenty of company. That's the biggest single move pushing us down. Secondly, we have some transitory investments like initiation into sleep apnea that is more development-focused that is a little bit of a deferral for revenues streams, and I'd say that I think within the next year or so, we'll have at least some initial commercialization. From that point on, it should start to be closer to accretive. Third, we've got investments in the factory and some other places in infrastructure that are kind of period investments and then amortized over time, so it's a little lumpy here. If I come back to maybe the most predictable returns, they are on the go-to-market side. And with some exhibits we put out, some slides, I think we tried to -- given the size of the investments and the intensity of what we're trying to do, we want our owners to understand where that money was going as we provide a lot of information this quarter. If we look at what's going on in Asia, in EMEA and what we believe will play out now in North America, we believe those will start to return within 2 or 3 quarters, increments of coverage, doing better things in the right places, better programs for customer and all that. So if I started to go to market side, reasonably good track record there of demonstrating. And even in North America where we haven't been where we wanted to, we have delivered incremental results in the back half of the year, virtually every year, where we put incremental results in, maybe, in Q4, Q1. We expect that to accelerate a bit more with a bigger investment and going about it in a different way than we have done for years. Peeling that down to product and those -- well, we've got a series of new product releases coming out that we expect will have impact. And again, our cadence is invest in coverage, support, marketing programs and consumer earlier on in the year. Bring product releases right in behind them and then build that through the year. And virtually, every year -- I think David talked about more normalizing for FX and a few other things that are different this year, we've been able to show that operating leverage in the model every single year. 2014 was a great example. We wound up, speaking about some bigger investments, especially outside the U.S -- we grew into that as the year progressed -- we had a good operating margin at year-end, and for the first time, lived with a net model for the full year, so confident, comfortable. FX is a bit of a wildcard for everybody. We're not apologizing, but we're trying to be very clear about the relative impact, and I'll let David pile on a few things if I missed anything.
David L. White: Yes, I guess I would -- I'm not sure there's much to add there, actually, Jon. But we -- as we said in our remarks, if you look at 2014, we delivered within the operating model, and we continue to believe -- holding aside FX, our business will continue to grow year-over-year within that operating model, and so that's an incremental leverage that we should get off of the growth we expect to see this year with under almost all other circumstances fully cover the incremental investments we're making this year. The only carve-out we made was those 2 carve-outs: one for OSA, which is outside our core business; and then the other, which was enterprise computing, which is -- or enterprise systems, which is certainly inside our core business but is more of a limited duration in terms of how long that investment would be ongoing, more on the order a year or a year-plus, and so we feel like we're already getting leverage off of the scale as the business grows from the fact we believe we can absorb all those investments with those 2 carve outs only, so...
Thomas M. Prescott: FX aside, yes.
David L. White: Yes, FX certainly aside.
Thomas M. Prescott: Let's go to 1b.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, and then I guess 1b, and again, I'll follow-up with you guys on some more. But just, Tom, you didn't discuss your exact plans long-term with OSA and selling. But why now? I mean, you've been slugging it out and trying to reaccelerate growth here in North America, and I think it's been, in your words, a little bit tougher than maybe you had assumed 12 months ago. Why deter management focus, sales focus by going after OSA now instead of continuing to try to reaccelerate growth in a market where you, say, 25 million to 30 million people are looking for a solution to straighten their teeth?
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. They're not mutually exclusive. These are different resources going to development cycles and upstream marketing, not -- and clinical development, clinical trial, et cetera -- not to sales, downstream marketing, anything. Secondly, as we dig a lot deeper into North America GP, and we really come back, and one of our clinical objectives for a long time, has been how do we become even more relevant with our average customer doing 10 cases a year doing against 3,000 dental procedures they do a year or more in a bigger office. So increasingly, they're interested by, and working with, new opportunities as patients think about expanding how oral health fits with their dentists and with physical health, and this is a very fast growing area, and we think it's an opportunity that directly leverages our strength. The other part of this is, globally, we probably now, I believe, have the largest specialty sales force in the world. And the reality is here that we're going to have an opportunity over time to put more high-value products into that team, covering the right GPs, doing the right things. That's not today. There's 0 distraction for this team. They're off and running, but over time, we'll have an opportunity to add more to the basket. In an area that is not a bolt-on just to have something, it's an area where we think we'd add real value to and can leverage our core competencies to the better, so there's never a perfect time. We have said for a long time that we don't have the money burning our hole in our pocket. It's more that can we find opportunities that fit our strategic direction that would leverage our core competencies and would extend our ability to add value to customers, and in this case, it's all 3. So that's why now, and obviously, FX is a lousy time for everybody, but we're not apologizing or complaining. We do believe these are the right investments to push through for the business.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Crdit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: David, I just wanted to follow-up on some of the stats you gave. I think if I heard you correctly, you seem to suggest that the euro -- the exchange rate has fallen 16% from the average level in 2014? And you thought that, that would impact your revenue run rate by 6% to 7% and your operating margin by 4 to 5 points? Did I hear that correctly, number one?
David L. White: Pretty close. All except for the last part of the 4 to 5 points. The 4 to 5 points included not only the impact of foreign exchange rates but also included the 2 investments that I talked about earlier, which was OSA and enterprise systems, so that's also in that 4% to 5% bucket.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And if I look at your Q1 ASP levels, I think your revenues and K shipments kind of implying something in the low 1,300. This -- it seems to be down about 6% year-over-year and maybe down about $50 on a sequential basis. You did a good job in sort of quantifying how much of that was FX this quarter. How much of that do you think is FX-driven next quarter, because I'm trying to assess whether there's any sort of mix and -- or mix changes in that number?
David L. White: Well, I have no idea what foreign currency rates are going to be for second quarter, so...
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm guessing you're making some assumption, right, when you're kind of giving these revenue numbers, right? So I'm kind of curious about maybe what -- I'm trying to back in to maybe what you're assuming from a currency perspective in this quarter.
David L. White: Yes, fair enough. Fair enough. So right now, the best indication we have for currency rates for 2015 are the current rates that prevail today. We're not in the habit or we're not experts on projecting foreign exchange rates, and I would guess there's probably any one that is, so all of the assumptions we talked about for 2015 assume that the rates that prevail today prevail throughout the entire year. And so to the extent those rates change in either direction, that will have some bearing on how 2015 ultimately shapes up as we talked about here.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's perfect. Tom, maybe can I just squeeze one more in on some of these investments you're making in North America? Could you give us a sense for how many bodies you have on the ground right now? How many you think you need to hire? Because I think we're all trying to assess what -- how much of these -- or how big the incremental investments are going to be and then how we should think about them as a percentage of ongoing cost versus maybe onetime in nature, and then I'll hop off.
Thomas M. Prescott: I'll answer the question consistently with what we've previously discussed. Given that we're going to continue investing the growth in market expansion, which is a fairly reasonably predictable lever for us, you should expect us to invest into each of our geographies each year to a greater or lesser extent. Over the past few years in North America, even with some meaningful bodies on a percentage basis, it was less and less as we were really throwing more percentage increases into EMEA and APAC. Secondly, I think when I talked about -- in addition to just getting behind the curve a little bit in North America, our game didn't evolve as well as it should have in terms of what we were doing, who we were doing it with and how effective we could measure and deliver. And so over the last year or 2, we've been looking at overhauling a lot of that. So besides just headcount, there are a lot of positive changes about how we're doing it. With that said, we threw a slide in there somewhere. I don't have a number, but it's -- we basically showed in North America, EMEA and APAC with a bar at the left. I'm not going to give you absolute numbers, you can get yourself pretty close, showing what our total headcount is and then also showing what our incremental increases are over prior -- over 14 in each of those geographies, so we give you most of what you need there. This is a bigger number of heads in North America, and at a fully-loaded cost, a little bigger of a load, but it's not as big as a percentage increase, which is more than doubling what's going on in, say, APAC, so I -- we tried to size that. I knew you'd ask that question. The second part of your question is, "Do I need to pop this into my model each year?" The answer is probably not. We're going to be tighter on our North America business in terms of managing that, our approach, and tweaking that model. As I said, we've said for a couple of quarters, we've not been satisfied with the progression of that business, the team's on it. We believe this is moving in the right direction. We believe this puts us in the right range. That said, we trained over 4,000 doctors in North America last year, and we got to the point where territory sizes were just increasing to be too big. And when we went out and sat down with a lot of our customers, doing a lot of very detailed work, consistent input from customers that really wanted to elevate their practice, they couldn't get enough face-time with a rep. They didn't have enough time to work on the tools and routinize procedures. Our goal is to get a number of accounts down per territory, substantially, and then manage that in a relative way over time, so this is a bit of a surge this year in North America, continuing significant investment in APAC and EMEA where we're seeing the growth, and our belief is we can restage growth in North America, but don't expect you'd have to see this kind of a lump every year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Actually, Tom, can you just expand on what you were just saying? If you think about, specifically, your North American GP business where growth has slowed a bit, can you just talk a bit more about what your strategy is to reinvigorate that? It seems like that's a customer base that's going to be a bit more fragmented, probably lower volume ortho customers in general. Do you think you can really reach them efficiently with a direct sales model?
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure, the answer is yes, John. It's hard, but it's worth doing, and there's 2 or 3 things that intersect here for us. The first here are the 20-plus thousand active GP customers in North America. There are quite a few that would like to do more. Whether they're 10 and they want to go to 30, whether they're 30 and they want to go 50 or whether they're 5, they just got trained but they're really ready to go. We have been -- we found it very, very difficult over the last year, 1.5 year to cover all of them, and we've got some great success stories where we were able to work with the practice the right way and they've really built a terrific business, delivering great customer results, patient results, et cetera, but that's -- not enough of those. Part of this is a very detailed segmentation that we can help our reps, our region managers, our teams recruit better, the practices that are -- that really do want in that really are -- the wrong word is fit but I'll use it for the moment. And then also, the customer base we've got work with those customers that really want to elevate their game, that really want to make Invisalign and some straightforward ortho a part of their practice to fit in with their restorative. And there's thousands of such customers who want more access, time and energy from us and are more than willing to partner. We know who they are by address, by name. Many of them have declared so, and so our job is to give them the right coverage, the right tools and support to make that happen, and so we're not going to move the whole -- the needle on the whole base. Fragment is exactly the right word, John. You're a good observer of the dental market, and we're going to move the needle on those practices that can and will. The second intersection here is scanners. As we continue to evolve the Scanner business and grow our installed base and over time work with other partners, that will help make that Invisalign experience plus other products we have work better. And then third, new offerings over time, like very high value oral appliance therapy for obstructive sleep apnea, which is more and more top-of-mind for some doctors. If it's easy to do, which today is not, generally, hard on the patient, hard on the doctor, a lot of visits, our view would be that ought to be able to be simplified, customized dramatically. And that, again, increases our relevance with those practices. It gives us an opportunity to earn more share of mind and share of practice. So collectively, it's a bit of a long journey within the GP side, but as I said before, it is very much worth doing strategically.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. Just one quick follow-up, David, for you. The 4 to 5 points that you'd sort of signaled that EBIT margin could be down in '15. Would you be willing to break that into how much is FX-driven given current rates versus how much are coming from some of these new investment areas?
David L. White: Yes, roughly 2/3 of it is FX and then the balance is the 2 investments we talked about.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Let me just focus on the -- those 2 incremental projects here that we're talking about. On the ERP side, I still consider you guys a fairly young company, you're not a serial acquirer. What's wrong with ERP systems now? Or why do you need a new ERP system, especially in a period where maybe you're investing heavily in the sales force? Currency is going to hit margins and things like that. I mean, why now on ERP?
David L. White: Yes, Jeff, this is David. So first of all, the company -- every year, as we go through our strategic planning process and annual operating plan and so forth, we review long list of projects that are worthy of investing in and helping focus on to grow the business, et cetera, and ERP's actually been on that list for a long time. But when you look at the ROI we've been able to get out of product innovation and ROI out of market expansion and so forth, it has just never gotten to a point where it's raised itself to a hurdle rate that made it -- make the cut, you might say. But as we've grown and as our businesses have gotten more complex, it's become more clear to us that we have opportunities to streamline our business, to become more agile, to service our customers better, and one of the things that we believe is standing in the way of that is having a unified platform as a company under which we can present our business to the doctor, under which we can execute the workings of the company. And so it's gotten to that point where it's made the cut, and so we're biting the bullet to make it happen, and we think it's going to be something that ultimately will give us not only better agility but better scaling ability. But perhaps even more importantly, it's going to give us some capabilities with our doctors that today we presently don't have or can't fully take advantage of.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: All right. And you think those are about 1 year of investment, David?
David L. White: Yes, 1, 1-plus typically is the horizon.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then my second question is just on the sleep apnea. As I think about that treatment area in dentistry, most of the companies I'm talking to in that area look at full airway analysis that needs a larger imaging device, whether it's 3D imaging or something like that as opposed to just your scanner technology. So what I'm trying to figure out what your competitive advantage might be. And two, when I think about that competitive advantage, typically, I believe it's just you order a mouthpiece. And then while you guys are good at maybe 3D printing that mouthpiece or generating that mouthpiece with your manufacturing technology, again, I think of your core competencies in kind of high throughput multi-aligner manufacturing, not manufacturing a single mouthpiece for patients. But I'm just trying to figure out why you guys might be the company to do sleep apnea as opposed to a company that has bigger imaging technologies or isn't -- doesn't have your core competencies that seem stronger to me elsewhere.
Thomas M. Prescott: That's a very fair question, and what I'd say is that we don't expect to replace all the other players. Oral appliance therapy is -- today is still a very small part of a pretty big market, and it's a profoundly tough disease for people that have it. And for people that have OSA, having BiPAP or CPAP therapy is the standard of care. We don't expect that changes anytime soon. But a, there are people that are refractive to that treatment, just do not want to do it; or b, they are very mild to moderate, and this is a rapidly growing area. The second part of this is if you look at the intersection of treatment planning and algorithms to be very predictive, today, the titration process for figuring out how much advancement is necessary to keep that airway open, how comfortable that is for the patient, how many visits to the dentist office and the patient have to have, it's just -- it's very difficult. We believe there are opportunities that dramatically streamline that, building on all the diagnostic data that's out there, from the sleep doctor to lab and perhaps an MD, who's also in the loop. But dentists are in this business. They're increasingly -- and they're the right ones to think about how much mandibular advancement can you do without impacting TMG [ph] or anything else, so our job is to help them with clinical algorithms that make sense. And whether we're making -- we make part numbers of one. Every part number that goes through our factory is a part of one. It's not a series, and whether that's part of a case or one broke along the way, we can have a part of one go catch up with that case further on in the process, so this is about mass customization, very, very precise computer-controlled treatment planning and clinical algorithms. And I think, again, I'm not going to go any further, this is complementary with what other people are doing, but we believe better, cheaper, faster and far more effective.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Can we just simplify the discussion around ASPs? The comment, David, that you made was you were looking for revenues and volumes both in the high-teens, excluding currency. Is that right? And does that imply that ASPs are flat ex currency?
David L. White: So number one, currencies don't affect volumes. We think volume growth like -- will be within our long-term model, number one. Currencies does affect revenue, but if we neutralize that effect and we just simply look at constant currency, if the current -- the exchange rates in 2015 were roughly equivalent to 2014, our revenue, we believe, would grow within our long-term model and be relatively consistent with what we delivered in 2014.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then the commentary around the addition of manufacturing capacity in Juarez, could you give us a sense of what the impact is on the P&L from that capacity expansion just in terms of incremental spend?
David L. White: It's relatively small this quarter. We're in the process -- I think we've talked previously about -- at some point, we would need to add additional brick-and-mortar in addition to just simply buying additional pieces of capital equipment that actually operate in the factory. Well, we've gotten to that point. That factory will come online sometime later this year, and we will expect to bring up that capacity gradually over time as it's called upon, and so we'll try to make sure that the -- make sure those capital additions of equipment, so forth, are staged, commensurate with how our business is growing. As it relates to the impact for the year, I think there's a modest impact, a little bit, on gross margin for the year, particularly the second half of the year. But as I gave guidance for 2015, we've ultimately believed that our revenue growth and everything else, holding currency aside, would absorb that and still deliver our business within our long-term model, including gross margins.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then -- and Tom, you made mentioned again the possibility of working with additional partners in intra-oral scanning. Any updated thoughts on the right time lines for that kind of move?
Thomas M. Prescott: Just that it continues to be significant activity for the enterprise. We've indicated as clearly as we could that this is strategically valuable for the enterprise to do, and that you ought to assume we're out working with logical players that have interest in the same. This is one of these where until it's ready, we don't want to talk about it, and that's about as far as I'd like to go.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bob Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: David, you mentioned hurdle rates in deciding on some of these investments. Any more you can share on how you decided whether these investments were the best return on capital? I'm curious just as far as the decision-making process and how you contemplated the timing of doing all these investments at the same time if we're thinking about the sales force investment, ERP, sleep apnea, et cetera.
David L. White: Well, first of all, when we -- we have an ongoing process for evaluating projects that are currently underway as well as -- and early in the funnel in terms of our execution on them as well as projects there at the top of the funnel or just kind of circulating around in the way of ideas. Somewhere between those 2 points, a business case gets put together, a feasibility analysis gets put together. And as those things come together, we're presented with an opportunity to decide whether or not we've got capacity to add resources to it and pursue that project or not, whether or not we can constrain it within our operating plan or not, et cetera, and so I wouldn't say there's a single litmus test that we applied to all these because there are certain -- many of these projects have intangibles associated with them that are not easily measured in a highly quantifiable way, but as we look at those intangibles and we look at the tangible things that we can measure and we look at how they'll -- our available resources and we look at how it fits in our envelope and so forth, those things all come together to make, you might say, an informed decision. Now as we go through our strategic plan, our annual operating plan process, there's a process we go through that based on that criteria, we begin winnowing some of that down. And as it related to the projects that we're looking at doing for 2015, we felt like we had a significant number of projects that had high return opportunities on them. We felt that we could basically fit them, you might say, within our operating model as our business grew and so forth, and we decided to execute on those, and we approved them, and we're staffing for them accordingly. The only 2 that I carved out were OSA, which is outside of our core business but yet we feel, over a longer term, is a little bit longer horizon, is going to be accretive as well; and then, as we talked -- as I mentioned in the prior question, enterprise systems as well at the same time.
Thomas M. Prescott: Hey, Bob, if I could pile on just for a second. In addition to a standalone business case or investment choice, there is significant interdependence between some of these investments. There are things we want to do as a company. I spoke briefly at the recent conference about this thing we're calling our little, in a small way, not grand, digital ecosystem, and that's a way of surrounding customers in a very different way with our scanner and others bringing in much higher value set of work streams and new applications; physical and digital. And in that direction, becoming a heck of a lot more relevant. This is where you start getting to adjacent therapeutic opportunities that would trade well on our core competencies like sleep apnea, and it became very compelling. And now then you come back to ERP, and if ERP can enable acceleration in some of these things, the payback for an ERP project, we might have waited a year or 2, starts looking more attractive because it enables acceleration in other areas. And then finally, you come back to number one, we were -- I will speak critically of ourselves here. In the last couple of quarters, we've not been satisfied with the deceleration in growth rate in North America, especially in the GP side, and we're bound and determined to fix it. So as we look at that, and we look at what we could put into that team with evolving products we haven't spoken about yet, with other things in the pipeline, we want to get a team in place, surround the customer properly with a whole lot of new capability and then we can really start to leverage the top line for whole streams of other kinds of revenue as we're looking out here. Again, we're trying to make the organic machine even better, and so there is significant interdependence. These aren't always so easily standalone.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's fair. And I guess just the related question to that would be around other uses of cash, and you guys had, had a 3-year repo program out there. I'm just curious as, I guess, twofold as you evaluated these investments on a return basis, how did they stack up relative to just a larger buyback? And then any update on how we should think about the repo in light of these investments would be helpful.
Thomas M. Prescott: I'll start and let David answer your direct question. The simple fact is everything we're talking about has high NPV. We're trying to be very good stewards here, and yet we see this opportunity to accelerate impact and progress in the business, certainly to the midterm. We believe we can restage growth more closer to the middle of our range where it had been hanging around the low end, and let's put FX aside just a moment. We look at all that first and then we would come back and evaluate our capital allocation strategy in the context of our long-term strategy and then have thoughtful discussions with our Board about it. I'll let David comment specifically on our progress on the buyback and how we go from here.
David L. White: Yes, I guess I would add one thing to it and that is as we think about our investments each -- almost each and every day around here, most of them are P&L investments. They're not significant capital investments on the balance sheet like plant and equipment. Certainly, we talked a little bit about that on the call today about adding capacity on the manufacturing side and so forth, but when you look holistically across all the investments we make, most of them are P&L-related, and so we do feel some -- there is a balance between how much we put into the P&L, how long it's going to take for us to recognize returns from that because as we grow top line, as we grow leverage with scale and so forth, that brings more to the bottom line that either gets flows into cash and ultimately back to the shareholders through repurchases or flows into new opportunities for us to invest -- reinvest back into the business, and so that's kind of the way we look at it, and when we -- last spring, when we had our, I think, our Q1 call and we talked about a definitive program for stock repurchases is in light of those trade-offs. And at that point in time, as we looked at our long-term model and our long-term cash-generating capability, we recognized that those P&L investment opportunities are only going to take -- are going to -- only require some percentage of our cash flow generation over that time period. And that excess, above and beyond what we thought those needs would be, either for those projects or, strategically, for longer-term things, we should be able to return to shareholders. And that's how we came up with number one, the $300 million stock repurchase plan, number one. And number two, it's also what informed us as we expanded our business models to include free cash flow generation. And it's that free cash flow generation that the excess of which we would expect which we would expect to use for stock repurchases. So you should expect that sometime over this year, we'll commence repurchasing the second $100 million out of that $300 million, and I think you should also expect that in line with that long-term cash flow model we're talking about, at some point, we'll revaluate that. We just haven't gotten to that point where it make sense to do that, but that's certainly how we would see it playing out.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Lewis with Roth Capital Partners.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: Tom, I guess, I was hoping you could elaborate just on the revamped go-to-market approach in North America, specifically beyond just adding the 50 heads. Can you elaborate on the types of changes that are being made within the actual structure of the sales organization there whether it's changing the territory size or level of support service or the compensation structure?
Thomas M. Prescott: Yes to all of the above and more. I mean, it starts, Chris, with making sure you've got the right people in the field and then doing the right things and, importantly, at the right customers. We've thrown a lot of heads out in the field over the last 3 to 5 years, and we've trained a lot of doctors. And I'm overstating for affect, but in some cases, we left the region managers and the reps to figure out who to call on. And while we tried to drive a more systematic, I'll call it, scripted approach, we were only partially successful with that. The evolving go-to-market game plan is a bigger team, organized a bit differently, smaller regions, more line of sight, expecting longer calls in the office more, fewer customers and calling on the customers that are -- that fit, that are committed, that really want to elevate and spend more time, not as -- an earlier question said they're fragmented, not every dentist even wants to do ortho, and so -- and by the way, along the way, we're finding ways we can support low-volume customers that are very valuable to us, but really don't want to put more time and energy now. 15 cases a year is just fine for them, and we'll find ways to support them. We are struggling to do that. One of these evolutions is we're finding a support model that can do that. The important thing is here is we're already getting some very good feedback. This actually started fairly early in Q4 in a small way, and we pretty much had everybody on board before the end of the year. So as we did kick off meetings. We typically do that each year all around the geographies. Everybody's up and running, and they're on the same page. Finally, we've got better tools. I mean, it seems basic, but the right people in the right account doing the right things in a very systematic way and then measuring progress literally day-by-day, account-by-account. So far more prescriptive about our approach, far more consistent about how we block and tackle, very specific learning from segmentation about where we're spending our time and energy and then finding more cost-effective ways to support lower volume customers that today don't want to do more, but they're still very valuable to us, and they're great customers, and someday, they may. And then behind all of that, our goal is to build a bigger installed base of scanners, ours and others, and leverage those with more applications, like the outcome simulator for Invisalign and clinical applications at chair-side. It should make everything easier for that doctor. So that's -- I called it earlier days there, but the team is managing through the churn very well so far, and they're off and running. So a lot of changes, as I said, comp, structure, et cetera.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: Great. I appreciate the color there. And then David, maybe a question for you on ASPs, maybe 2 parts first. Are there any other levers beyond FX that's driving the implied sequential decrease from the fourth quarter to the first quarter internationally? And then secondly, how should we think about ASPs in North America as we progress into 2015 versus 4Q levels?
David L. White: So primarily, if you look at it year-over-year and you look at it quarter-over-quarter, FX basically drove 80%, 90% of the decline that we see in both those comparatives, and the same would hold true, Q4 to Q1. There are other effects. You asked about international, and I think the same would apply somewhat to North America. We do have periods of running various kinds of promotions, which yield different kinds of discount and so forth, and those sometimes have different seasonalities associated with them. So for example, we'll run specific promos and discounts heading into the Q3 for the teen season for the orthodontic channel -- orthodontist channel. So there was some of that in the fourth quarter as it relates to some of those kind of discounting programs running in Q4, but the vast majority of it is all FX.
Thomas M. Prescott: Chris, maybe another way to jump on, pile on, was mix is not so much the issue right. It's mostly FX. Mix is pretty stable around the globe, and we more or less expect that to be the case. It's mostly FX, and occasionally, some promotion, but I'd say FX is going to overwhelm those other effects.
David L. White: Yes, I was just going to say over a -- well we may see a little bit of observations quarter-over-quarter on ASPs. We talked -- I talked previously about the long-term trend in ASPs continuing to be up, and I still believe that to the point that Tom make. If you look at the percentage of our cases that are full cases versus the express cases, that percentage has been relatively consistent over time, fluctuating on a quarter-by-quarter basis by less than a point. When you look at the mix, however, though, between international and North America with the higher growth rates international and the higher ASPs they have there, they just naturally are going to become a more significant piece of the total geographic mix of our business, and that is over the long term, holding FX rates aside, should continue to drive a ASPs up.
Thomas M. Prescott: That was -- speaking of a product mix, not geographic mix. David is exactly right.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Tom, just wanted to get your perspective on how you're feeling about the U.S. market. You have -- coming into the fourth quarter, it feels like it were off to a pretty good start. Would be curious if you could give us some color on how it exited. And then in terms of the 1Q case volume guidance of flat to down, weaker than history would otherwise suggest, can you parse out some of the dynamics there?
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. I'll start, and David can pile on if he chooses. First of all, we're not out of January yet. I think the year, in general, we're getting off to a start we'd expect, and that's captured in our guidance. We've got a lot of moving parts here, and all those factors are kind of caught. I mean, we -- I guess, we've got a clear line of sight to rolling out G6 in some of these other geographies. You come back North America, that will really be more limited in the near term. But in general, the team is off and running. I feel pretty comfortable about our general direction. I think if we look back to last year, it seemed like we were getting you guys -- I shouldn't say we, we're out here: Sun's out. But the Northeast, the Midwest especially, we're getting slammed by storm after storm. We were kind of looking at it last week or this week going, "Geez!" But I think notwithstanding that, and all in last year, that was not a very big effect for us over all over time. So in our minds, we don't exactly track dental visits. Maybe there's a lag effect or something, but I think the market is reasonably solid, healthy. I don't know what else to say other than that.
David L. White: I'll just add a little bit of color because you're looking at historical trends possibly. In my comments, basically what we said was the growth in North America quarter-over-quarter primarily in the orthodontists channel. And if you look at historically, let's say over the last 3 years and so forth, I think our quarter-over-quarter growth in North America has typically been in the low-single digits to mid-single digits from Q4 to Q1, and so I think our -- the guidance we gave for this quarter is not materially different from what we've seen over the last 3 years.
Thomas M. Prescott: For North America.
David L. White: For North America.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And on the new awarded facility, could you quantify the aggregate amount of CapEx that will be needed to complete that facility?
David L. White: The total amount for the year of all in, not just the plant, but fitting it and stuff?
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I suppose. And I guess in that context, like when it normalizes, do we go back to the maintenance level?
Thomas M. Prescott: Yes, yes. About $15 million, I think, for 2015, all in. Okay.
David L. White: It's about right -- I think it might be a little more than that, Tom, but it's not materially different. There is brick-and-mortar in there as well as equipment. We're certainly not going to fit up the entire building by the end of this year, so probably not too different for 2015, but certainly over a longer time -- time horizon as we build that factory completely out, you'll probably be looking at more CapEx on top of that figure.
Thomas M. Prescott: But that would be feathering in capacity.
David L. White: Would be feathering in capacity.
Thomas M. Prescott: Modules of capacity versus the lump you have to go through when you put -- bring a new plan on.
Shirley Stacy: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank you, all, for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Shirley Stacy  Vice President, Corporate Commutations and Investor Relations Tom Prescott  President and Chief Executive Officer David White  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Jon Block  Stifel Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse Jeff Johnson  Robert W. Baird Brandon Couillard  Jefferies Jeffrey Matthews  Ram Partners Steve Beuchaw  Morgan Stanley John Kreger  William Blair 
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Shirley Stacy. Thank you, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Im Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for todays call is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and David White, CFO. We issued third quarter 2014 financial results today via MarketWire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Todays conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on October 30th. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13591983, followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including without limitations, statements about Aligns future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the fourth quarter 2014. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 and our Form 10-Q for the third quarter of fiscal 2014. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Weve posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements including the corresponding reconciliations and our third quarter conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, Ill turn the call over to Align Technologys President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. On the call today, Ill provide some highlights from our third quarter and briefly discuss the performance of our two operating segments; Invisalign clear aligner, and scanner and services. Ill also provide some color on our customers as well as progress in our geographies around the world. David will then share more detail on our third quarter financials and discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter. Following that Ill come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to your questions. Q3 revenues have $189.9 million increase, 15.4% year-over-year driven by higher Invisalign volume across all customer channels and geographies with continued strong growth from our international doctors. Scanner and Services revenues of $11.7 million were up over 7.1% year-over-year. As a result of better than expected gross margin and management of operating expenses, EPS was $0.03 above the high end range of our outlook. Our Q3 results reflects continued execution of our strategic plan including our three key growth drivers which are; market expansion, product innovation, and brand strength. Ill provide a brief update on each of these before discussing our results further. First, market expansion, this strategic growth driver encompasses the many ways we are working to open up new geographies such as the additional countries in the EMEA region or that were recently added to our direct sales coverage area, expanding the adult treatment category for those consumers unwilling to seek orthodontic treatment with brackets and wires, and increasing our share of teenage market, the largest segment of the orthodontic market worldwide. Our months of June, July, and August are typically a seasonally strong period for Teenage Orthodontic Case Starts in 20.4% year-over-year growth of Invisalign teenage cases in Q2 marked a very good start to the summer. This continued into Q3 and resulted in a sequential increase of 17.4% for a total of 33.2000 [ph] teenagers starting treatment with Invisalign worldwide. On a year-over-year basis the total number of teenagers in Q3 starting treatment with Invisalign increased 14.8% reflecting slightly less effectiveness of our teen promotions set in the prior year. On a combined basis, teen volumes for Q2 and Q3 were up 17.3% year-over-year which may suggest there was an earlier start to the teen season than we previously experienced. Our second growth driver is product innovation, which aims to create greater doctor preference for Invisalign through a focus on innovation, by delivering new features and functionality that increases our doctors confidence to treat patients with Invisalign more often and on more complex cases. Earlier this year, we launched Invisalign G5 for deep bite. We continue to receive positive feedback from our customers, specifically North American orthodontist on their overall awareness of Invisalign G5 and their intentions to increase their use of Invisalign for those types of cases. We expect this trend to increase overtime as we continue to reach out to train and support our customers, and are confident that Invisalign G5 will help drive further adoption of G5 cases. We also continue to receive positive feedback on ClinCheck Pro with 3D controls which was launched in North America in Q1. ClinCheck Pro provides the doctor with more precise control over the final tooth position helping them better achieve their treatment goals. ClinCheck Pro becomes even more valuable offering even greater utility for our doctors as we further broaden our clinical applicability by delivering new solutions for more complex cases like Invisalign G5. Our customers also find that ClinCheck Pro serves as an efficient means of communicating their treatment goals for final tooth position. Since launch we have seen strong adoption across North America and expect a similar response from our international doctors when ClinCheck Pro is launched outside the US in Q1 of next year. And finally brand strength, our third key growth driver. We continue to make progress in building and leveraging the strength of the Invisalign brand, to create consumer demand and drive purchase intent among consumers in more and more countries worldwide. This is most obvious here in North America, our largest market for consumer marketing, well start there. In Q3 we created more than 850 million consumer impressions through paid media reaching women, moms and teens across the country. Much of our Q3 traditional media, PR and social media activity focused on reaching teens and moms during the busy son, during the busy teen summer treatment season. Whenever possible, we encourage our customers and their patients to share their personal stories on how their Invisalign treatment helped transform their lives. As consumers we all benefit from real people sharing their experience, and this summer that included partnering with YouTube personality, Amanda Steel, to share her Invisalign treatment joining with other teens. Her initial Invisalign post have garnered more than 1.5 million video views and impressive Instagram following as she documents her experience with Invisalign. In addition, an extensive media tour with popular technology journalist, Jennifer Jolie, reached more than 100 million consumers through 36 media placements, including national placement in Jennifers USA J column. Our transition to back to school messaging for moms helped them cope with their kids being back in the classroom included our first efforts on a new teen confident study we commissioned to examine the impact of braces on teen self-esteem and confidence. Key takeaways from the study revealed that teens with Invisalign treatment are more confident and teased less often than teens that are in metal braces; point is this really matters to teens and their parents and is one less thing for them to worry about. Switching to EMEA, our new, more localized consumers initiatives and continued integrated media activities created over 51 million impressions throughout key markets in Europe in Q3. These targeted social media advertising and media engagement activities have led over 100,000 people to search for Invisalign provider during Q3, and we have seen the European Invisalign social media community continue to grow. We now have a fan base of over 100,000 consumers with highest engagement scores we have seen this year. Introduction of our real patient campaigns continue to be effective and we have recently partnered with UK Olympian Cyclist, Laura Trott and Jason Kenny, to share their Invisalign journey. This partnership has resulted in over 60 million opportunities for consumers to see the Invisalign message across the UK. In combination these three key strategic growth drivers; market expansion, product innovation, and brand strength are proving overtime to support growth in our most important country markets or helping us open up new ones. Lets now touch on the progress were making in these regions, starting with North America. Our Q3 North America Invisalign volume was up a little less than 1% sequentially and 6.6% year-over-year reflecting a softer market environment that we originally expected, especially for North America GPs. On a sequential basis Q3 reflects growth from North American orthodontists offset by an expected decline among North American GPs who typically have fewer days in office during the summer. On a year-over-year basis, both customer channels were up and growth was driven primarily by increased utilization of North American orthos, as well as by continued expansion of our GP customer base. Despite solid progress in North America in a number of areas, Invisalign growth based on some of the initiatives that were expected to accelerated option has not occurred the pace we expected. While we continue to build upon our strong base of GP customers, we are not making enough progress in growing GP utilization. We will continue to work on overcoming the challenges we see in keeping these practices which provide a wide range of dental services, fully engaged in treating modern orthodontic cases with Invisalign. We have a number of opportunities to improve our effectiveness with these extremely important customers and expect to make progress overtime. You may recall between our Analyst Day presentation commentary on the GP market, we discussed the emergence of corporate owned multi-office Dental Service Organizations or DSOs and their long term potential as partners. While were still early in our engagement in many of these players, the training and program rollout for this initiative is now in progress. We are working to establish the systems and processes, the best training implement clinical and practice development programs in the DSO environment. In Q3 part of the significant year-over-year growth in new Invisalign doctors included the number of DSO clinicians we trained. It will take some time to help these organizations ramp their volume given the need to engage doctors and practices across a wide geographic and Invisalign experience range for the systematic approach. We see a tremendous potential to provide practice building impact to these groups and are deploying the resources to do so. Q3 was another strong quarter for our international business, especially in the Asia Pacific region. Total international Invisalign case volume for Q3 was essentially flat sequentially despite the typical slowdown in Europe follow up 27.8% year-over-year. In EMEA, Invisalign case volume increased 20% year-over-year. Our strong performance was driven by a combination of increased utilization by orthodontists in all countries made a continuous effort to add new Invisalign trained doctors. For the significant number of training and education events planned for delivery through November, we expect the trend to continue through the year end as doctors continue to increase their confidence in Invisalign treatment outcomes. In the APAC region Invisalign case volume increased 43.3% year-over-year and all country markets achieved record shipments. China continues to deliver above our high expectations doubling case volumes when compared to the same quarter last year, is now roughly equivalent size to our business in Japan. We also continue to see strong growth from Japan, Australia and New Zealand, as well as the Southeast Asia countries. This is driven by an expanding customer base coupled with higher utilization which reaffirms the value investing in the right coverage, as well as the importance of product evolution to treat higher complexity cases. Over 502 first-time submitters from the APAC region in the quarter, an all-time high as our training programs continue to evolve. Turning now to our scanner business, for Q3 our scanner and services business revenues were down 8.3% sequentially, consistent with our expectations for lower capital equipment sales in the summer, and yet were up 7.1% year-over-year. As part of our commitment to providing the greatest utility to our restorative dentist customers, in Q3 we expanded the workflow options for our iTero intra-oral scanner with DENTSPLY Implants Atlantis Custom Abutments and Atlantis Custom Abutments. iTero certified kind of activity for customer implant abutments help simplify the treatment process for clinicians by reducing number of required patient visits, saving valuable time for the practice, and ensuring an improved patient experience. Intra-oral scanning also helps improve the treatment workflow offering process efficiency for dental laboratory that practices working with. Our scanner business continues to have a positive impact on our Invisalign franchise helping to drive utilization, especially among our North American orthodontist customers. For Q3 the percentage of Invisalign cases submitted digitally from scanner North America rose to 34% compared to 32.7% in Q2 and 25.3% in Q3 a year ago. To take advantage of the increasing trend towards digital dentistry we will continue to do everything we can to grow our iTero installed base with a goal of creating additional leverage for the Invisalign business. This improves the working with other intra-oral scanning companies to enable interoperability for use with Invisalign treatment. This line of interoperability is good for our customers, their patients, and for extending the Invisalign franchise. And with that Ill now turn the call over to David for review of our Q3 financial results. David?
David White: Thanks, Tom. Before I get into the details, Id like to note that unless stated otherwise, all of the financial information I will discuss will be presented on a GAAP basis. With that lets review our third quarter financial results. Revenue for the third quarter was $189.9 million, down 1.4% from the prior quarter, consistent with normal Q3 seasonality, and up 15.4% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Third quarter clear aligner revenue of $178.1 million was down 0.9% sequentially, and up 16.0% year-over-year. Q3 ASPs were down sequentially $11, primarily due to foreign exchange losses related to the weakening euro which primarily impacts in September. Ill make further comments about the impact of currency later. Our year-over-year revenue growth reflected Invisalign case volume growth across all customer channels as well as favorable ASPs from higher mix of Invisalign full products and a higher mix of international business. For the third quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 119.6000 cases were flat sequentially reflecting increases from North America ortho case volume and Asia Pacific growth offset by expected seasonal decreases from North America GPs and EMEA. Year-over-year growth of 11.9% reflects continued strong international growth, increased utilization from international doctors, and North American orthos, as well as expansion of our customer base. For North American orthodontists Q3 Invisalign case volume increased 5.6% sequentially and 10.6% year-over-year. For North American GP Dentists case volume decreased 4.6% sequentially and increased 2.3% year-over-year. For international doctors Invisalign case volume decreased 0.7% sequentially and increased 27.8% year-over-year. In Q3, we added 1125 new North American doctors and 1400 new international doctors, a year-over-year increase of roughly 42% and 60% respectively. In Q3 Asia Pacific trained total of 745 new doctors, the most ever in a single quarter, with 50% coming from China. In total for Q3, we added 2525 new Invisalign doctors worldwide, a year-over-year increase of 51%. While the number of doctors trained was relatively flat on a quarter-over-quarter basis, we normally experience less training events in the summer quarter. In Q3 total Invisalign utilization of 4.4 cases per doctor increased slightly from 4.3 in Q3 2013. North American ortho utilization of 8.8 was a record, an increase from 8.4 in the prior quarter. North America GP utilization of 2.8 decreased slightly from 2.9 in the prior year, and international doctor utilization of 4.3 increased from 4.1 in Q3 2013. Third quarter revenue for our scanner and services segment was $11.7 million, an 8.3% sequential decrease as expected due to lower capital equipment purchasing during the summer months. On a year-over-year basis, our scanner and services revenue increased 7.1%, reflecting increased ortho care services offset by slight decrease in scanner volume. Moving on to gross margin. Third quarter overall gross margin was 76.4%, up sequentially 0.8 points and up 0.4 points year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the third quarter was 79.2%, up 0.4 point sequentially and down 0.7 points year-over-year. This sequential increase was primarily the result of fewer training events in Q3 and lower freight expense. The year-over-year decrease was primarily the result of the benefit recorded in the prior year relating to the change we made in our mid-course correction policy in June 2013, this was partially offset by higher ASPs in the current quarter. Q3 gross margin for our scanner segment was 33.5%, up 4.0 point sequentially, and up 11.3 points year-over-year. The sequential increase was primarily the result of favorable product and service cost. The year-over-year increase was primarily the result of more favorable product cost and the prior years results being unfavorably impacted by the sale of older and of light products. Q3 operating expenses were $93.5 million. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were down $3.2 million, due primarily to lower sales and marketing spend. Also recall that operating expenses in the prior quarter, Q2 2014, benefited from a $1.2 million refund of medical device excise taxes that we paid earlier this year in Q1. On a year-over-year basis Q3 operating expenses were up $9.9 million, incidental for the growth of the business which primarily relates to continued market expansion and new and existing markets and geographies. Our third quarter operating margin was 27.1%, up 1.8 points sequentially, and 1.9 points year-over-year. Our quarter-over-quarter improvement was primarily driven by higher Invisalign gross margin and lower operating expenses as just described. Other income and expense for the quarter included a charge of approximately $2.1 million associated with foreign exchange losses which primarily relate to the decline of the euro to the US dollar. Including this impact, and the euros impact on revenue, net of operating expenses and taxes that amounted to approximately $0.02 per share. With regards to our third quarter tax provision our tax rate was 22.8%. Third quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.47 compared to $0.43 reported in Q2 and $0.42 reported in the same quarter last year. Moving onto the balance sheet. For the third quarter our accounts receivable balance was $130.0 million, down approximately 0.7% sequentially. Our overall DSO was 62 days, up one day sequentially and up two days over the same period a year ago. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $7 million, primarily relating to manufacturing capacity additions. Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $67.6 million, and free cash flow for the third quarter defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditure amounted to $60.6 million. Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short and long term investments were $561.5 million, this compares to $472 million at the end of 2013, an increase of $89.5 million. During Q3 2014, the company repurchased 500,000 shares of stock including 364,000 shares relating to the completion of the companys previously announced $70 million accelerated stock repurchase and 136,000 shares amounting to $7.4 million in open market repurchases. Repurchases are part of Aligns three-year $300 million stock repurchase program announced on April 23, 2014 with $100 million of that amount authorized to be purchased through April 2015. Year-to-date, the company repurchased 1.5 million shares for $77.4 million. The company anticipates repurchasing the remaining $22.6 million of the first $100 million of the authorization over the next six months. Lets now turn to our business outlook for the fourth quarter and the factors that inform our view. Fourth quarter is typically a seasonally slower period for North America orthos as fewer teenagers start orthodontic treatment after the school year started. This was typically offset by North American GPs as they recover from a slower summer season to the vacations. In aggregate we expect Invisalign volume for North America to be up sequentially in Q4. Our Q4  our fourth quarter has historically been a stronger quarter for our international doctors as they rebound from a seasonally slower summer. We expect Invisalign volume for international to be up sequentially in Q4. Our scanner business performed very well this past quarter despite it being a seasonally slower period and similarly, we expect our scanner volumes to be up sequentially on a stronger Q4. With this as a backdrop, we expect the fourth quarter to shape up as follows; Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 125.1000 to 127.6000 cases, an increase of 4.6% to 6.7% from Q3. We expect net revenues to be in the range of $194.9 million to $199.1 million, an increase of 2.6% to 4.9% from Q3 reflecting lower ASPs primarily as a result of a weaker euro. We expect gross margin to be in the range of 74.2% to 74.6%, down sequentially from Q3 primarily reflecting slightly lower ASPs as just mentioned. Increased rate cost for higher international mix and increased training expense for Q4 which is seasonally a stronger training quarter. We expect operating expenses to be in the range of $94.7 to $95.5 million. This is higher when compared to Q3 reflecting continued investment in our strategic growth drivers. These increased investments are partially offset by the translation of our international SG&A expenses at weaker exchange rates. Our operating margin should be in the range of 25.6% to 26.6%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 23%. And diluted shares outstanding to be approximately $81.9 million, net of anticipated stock repurchases. Taken together, we expect diluted EPS to be in the range of $0.47 to $0.50. With that Ill now turn the time back over to Tom for closing comments.
Tom Prescott: Thanks, David. We are pleased to have delivered another good quarter with progress across the business paced by the strong growth in our EMEA and APAC regions. North America delivered a solid result in a softer market and yet we know we can do better. Despite of challenging global environment we are confident we can continue to deliver growth rates at multiples above market growth in every geography we serve. Our confidence is based on continued strong execution of product innovation combined with continued investments in the right sales coverage and go to market initiatives each of which become far more effective when we add in high impact thats why our marketing campaign. The Align team is excited about the opportunities ahead of us. We look forward to a very busy fourth quarter with important trade shows, major customer events like our North America orthodontic summit and a full calendar of new customer training events. We look forward to seeing many of you at upcoming investor conferences and to sharing our continued progress when we discussed our UN results in late January. Thats it for now, and we can move to take your question. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed.
Jon Block  Stifel: Great, thanks. Excuse me guys, good afternoon. I think the first one, David just for you, maybe a two point question. One, if you can comment at all on trends throughout the quarter, maybe what you saw. And then to the guide, can we have some more detail there. It just seems to be like a big sequential step up, you called out North America being up 4Q versus 3Q, but when I look back in 2012 you were down 3% sequentially, 3Q to 4Q last year you were flat in North America sequentially, and youre still positioning this is a tough environment here with a slower return on some of your investments. So what gives you the confidence North American cases will be up 3Q to 4Q? Thanks, guys.
David White: Okay Jon, back to the first question on trends on Q3. I dont know if there is anything peculiar in terms of trends versus any other Q3 weve experienced. I think one  perhaps one anomaly that Tom mentioned in his prepared remarks had to do with our team season potentially being a little bit earlier in the year than what we saw last year since we got a very good uplift in the second quarter but the uplift in the third quarter is a little bit soft than what we have anticipated. But other than that I think the case  our business is fairly linear to the quarter, and in summer months typically we see a soft August, particularly in the international area, particularly EMEA as people are taking vacations and closing their offices and so forth. And then we hold our breadth for a little bit, you might say for September waiting for things to kind of pick back up as people wake up from vacation to get back engage. But other than those trends there Id say fairly consistent with third quarter at least a year ago and other quarters that weve seen. As it relates to Q4 North America, couple of things; if we look at our three-year average, sequential average its typically been up  just a little bit under 1% quarter-over-quarter. And as we look at North America and our guidance, Im sorry, it has typically been up around  roughly flat quarter-over-quarter from Q3 to Q4 and our guide is up, I think want to say about 5% or so. One of the things that influences that is, weve  Tom talking about DSOs and so as we engage with more of those selling organizations and so forth, we expect to see uplift as those doctors are trained and as they become engaged with the Invisalign product, so thats part of the uplift works that can be seen in the fourth quarter. And were continuing also with some of the promotions we ran in Q3, expecting them to receive some protraction in Q4. And well also see some more immediate spend in Q4 as well. So those things tend to give us a little bit more of a seasonal uptick in Q4 from Q3.
Jon Block  Stifel: Okay.
Tom Prescott: Jon, if I pile on for just a second?
Jon Block  Stifel: Absolutely.
Tom Prescott: I mean, the couple of years you called out were really non-linear for us and the reason why we were sequentially down going into  in twelve, especially and there were couple of other ones because volume disappears late in the quarter and we went into the quarter with a little less flow of business. So when David speaks to some reasonable linearity, not as strong as we like in North America, thats actually a good thing. And weve been  linearity means its building so that weve got solid progress going in the quarter which means for the first months of that quarter, the pipes reasonably fall. With all that said, the second thing is we continue to build in Asia and is that becoming more meaningful in total volume, that has a bigger contribution totally. And all this time so far in Europe that they continue their trajectory, our doctors are back to work and building and despite more challenging economy in the new G here there solid. So I think when you put all of building blocks together with the same methodology we always use, reasonably confident that we can go deliver that guidance.
Jon Block  Stifel: Okay, that was very helpful. And Tom just as a follow up, maybe at a high level, you can just speak to return on investment in sales reps, I guess where Im going with this is, the North America GP market is just proven to be challenging and you guys have thrown more bodies at it over the past 18 to 24 months. Of course four five years ago I got to bring up the pay worthy proficiency program, where Im going with this is, is there an opportunity to redeploy investments elsewhere, youre doing so well in teen, international is crushing it. You sort to say, you know what, GPs will get some growth there as we add and train new docs but lets throw bodies and investments elsewhere that seems more ripe for accelerating growth. Thanks guys.
Tom Prescott: Sounds like youve been sitting in some of our meetings as we do resource allocation, hard choices. Let me start with your very last point around DSOs, that is the place weve deploy more resources in terms of program and approach and training, and we are getting some early traction there. It takes time since they have anywhere from dozens to hundreds of offices scattered across the country in some cases, and as we activate we want them to have high quality capability when that patient comes in even if this is a new line of practice for them. So these are all very different the way they work but we are deploying a way to do that. So thats one example of deploying additional resources there. Secondly we are deploying more resources and our really fast growing geographies like China, we dont have an annual resources allocation discussion with an annual plan, we look at that every quarter literally, and if they can keep delivering on their plan we give them more resources against a game plan. So thats going on as a consistent theme. To some extent the same is true in EMEA with that more frequent relook at resource allocation; they earn the right to get more headcount, a little more for consumer, and in some cases acceleration of a key product initiative. When you come back to North America, we actually are making progress in GP utilization; its just that its hard to see against the 20,000 or more GPs that we do business with at some level of frequency. And if I go back to late last year when we rolled out in pilot our new fundamentals training course, we had hopes that would help and in fact, in general these are smaller attended groups, more intensely supported by coordinated marketing and sales, and we can look back and see in virtually every case the doctors, the GPs that go to those classes start their cases, their first case is much sooner and they adopt more quickly, kind of the angle of attack is better. So thats really where we already have redirected some of the selling time and effort, away from the mass towards those GP practices that want to make it some more of a priority, and thats one reason why the tail is on utilization down. But again, Ill step back that  the strategic importance of the GP market is high for us, we do know that its going to take a while and its going to take all three of our leverage to do it but your point is well taken, our job is to thread the needle between all the investment choices weve got and managing the combination of short or tactical investments to drive the business in the very near term against things that are very, very important to our owners for the long term, and thats the line were trying to walk.
Jon Block  Stifel: Sure. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks for the questions. Just looking out of the 4Q and the guidance, the cases certainly there seem stronger than what were looking for. I know you guys just commented on that but I guess I would say at those levels I think we would have been looking for sales range to be a touch higher than what the guidance is. I was wondering if you guys should maybe just spend a little bit of time talking about your expectations for ASP growth from both a product level, and then also from a geographic standpoint just given some of the trends we saw in the quarter.
Tom Prescott: Bob, Ill start it with few broad strokes and then Ill let David fill in behind that with some of the facts that we laid out in the framework for guidance. First would be we expect a little bit of mix shift, weve already got a little bit of FX headwind, Im not going to speak to it, everything is captured in guidance. So that believes a little bit right off the top but we expect a little more mix shift as the team is going a little more aggressively after i7 and i14 in EMEA and Express 5 and Express 10 in North America, and part of that is promotions, part of that is little bit of increasing interest from our GPs and some orthos. So whether we never quite get that right it has been pretty stable, if that stays where it is the mix will be a little higher and well have little more revenue lift out of that but as we see it today going in, our internal outlook which informs us says there is a little mix shift and there is some promos with that. Other than that those are the two big factors and Ill let David build on that just a little.
David White: Yes, just to add to the foreign exchange piece of it. Most of our international business in EMEA is built in euro, and if youve tracked currency trends, Im sure you have, weve seen some big moves in that just in the last couple of months but principally beginning in the early September and thats really influenced our third quarter in amounts that weve not seen historically or in the company for a long time at least. And so as we look about that going forward certainly that does have some impact on ASPs going forward when you translate those back into dollars and that has put a little bit of you might say headwind into the revenue guide for Q4 but it is included in the guidance, Ill make that clear. But one point I think to make a note of is the fact that when you look at the countries that were selling internationally, most of those revenues are denominated in local currency and we incur our selling, marketing and to some extent some G&A expense locally in those markets as well. So while it puts a little bit of headroom you might say or headwind into the top line, we have somewhat of a natural hedge to some extent given that the expenses will translate back at a lower amount as well, and then when you net that of a tax it mitigates a little further. So if you look at our Q4 guidance so forth, about $0.01 a share roughly is the impact of currency relative to where it was earlier in Q3.
Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs: Thats helpful and that might actually partially answer my follow up question which was if I look at SG&A it was actually little lighter than what we were looking for and yet you seem to be rolling out a lot of new initiatives to reach the consumer. I guess I was wondering kind of outside of FX, is there any level of efficiency that you guys are realizing and getting the word out or should we be thinking about investment in sales and marketing, kind of reaccelerate it back to more normal levels from this point forward?
Tom Prescott: Were always looking at new investments and were constantly evaluating new opportunities to invest in the business whether its on the product side or whether its on the sales or marketing side. So I dont think there is anything new there. Clearly, one of our objectives is to  as we penetrate further and further into the market one of our objective is obviously is to get with better adoption to get better field efficiency you might say with the people we have out in the field that are in that selling position. But if you look at the Q3 expenses as you looked at  some of that is just some seasonality, lower media spend in Q3 is very typical for us and the fact that payroll tax is being enrolling off for some of the employees here in the US, and so those are some of the contributing factors why Q3 was little bit lower.
David White: Bob, before we may finish beating this one to death, there are a couple of examples, explicitly on marketing spend that we do get efficiency out of, and Ill give you a small example but its big dollars. We can lock in especially when the markets will softer for media, we can lock in traditional media out multiple quarters, sometimes its far as a year to get placement rates in the programs that fit with our brand, and we can get literally millions of dollars of improvement or leverage out of those working media dollars. And then in addition one of the things that comes with a little bit of math now that in this line its becoming a well-known brand at least in North America and were taking first steps in Europe is that we call paid media, traditional media, unpaid media is people doing their own videos on YouTube and talking about on their blogging how it changed their lives. So we get that, that all goes into the impact in search and impressions that people form in total and in many cases that has greater weight than paid media, so we tend to tune off ads and listen more carefully to what I'll call honest conversation. And that is the place that efficiency shows up for us and we see some of that in North America for sure, starting to see a little bit on the digital side in Europe, again, were still earlier days there but thats very specific example of some leverage.
Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs: Thats helpful, thanks so much.
Tom Prescott: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse: Yes, thanks. Tom, I just want to follow up on this North American GP issue just one more time. I mean its clear this seems to be sort of the onetime the ointment for you guys in terms of achieving higher growth and Im just kind of want to get your perspective, I mean do you feel at all concerned that maybe the North American GP market is becoming maybe a little bit saturated with your product? Do you feel like youre choking on large numbers in this market or you just really feel that the company hasnt really executed that well in this customer class and you just  you dont need to do a better job?
Tom Prescott: Ill start with that last part and say yes, we can do  I think weve executed well, there arent that many companies that have built a great standalone business with the North American GP given the enormous amount of fragmentation. But Ill go to your fetch, so Im saying yes, we can do better, we have lots of ideas how to do that, weve got experiments going on all over the place to make that happen. The saturation point, its actually the opposite, we are so far from saturation, in fact even our  even routine customers do Invisalign almost as a hobby in GP, even our biggest customers on the GP side have multiple practices and Invisalign is still a very small fraction of the 3000 to 5000 to 7000 procedures they do a year even if there are multispecialty office. And so our job is becoming more relevant and meaningful and making Invisalign which is orthodontics which isnt as typical a part of a GP practice worked towards mainstream. We know what success looks like Glen, I mean youve been an observer here, not just us but others for a long time and we know how to replicate that success, we have to do it office-by-office across the country and I think we know how to do that, it just takes time. Ill point back to a comment I made earlier, weve completely overhauled our clinical education frontend and its working much better, thats the foundation. We wind up with the rep meeting the doctor literally within a week or when they were in class where they meet them, and they were out there working together to get the staff and everybody else onboard, in many cases they bring the staff with them to training. So the goal is to get the whole team organized and involved versus the doctor coming back from a weekend program on their own and its working better. Second color maybe for the long term is building our core prices to be with DSOs that are growing fairly rapidly, very business focused and increasingly upscale and where we can bring the same brand leverage for individual practice, we can leverage that much more broadly on a regional basis with a partner, a significant partner who understands compliance with programs. So there are a whole lot of things were working on, it will take time to move the needle to where you will see an utilization number but we do know what success looks like. Ill go back, we can do better.
Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse: Tom, just maybe one more point that I want to make. Obviously everyone is focused on the uptake in the case volume in Q4 guidance and I think in your remarks you sort of said that Europe has continued its trajectory so far here in the fourth quarter from the third quarter. Is there any comment to make in North America that regard? Have you seen an uptake post this summer long in the North American GP market?
Tom Prescott: Yes, I think as David said its for the framework for thinking about guidance was  was that these are GPs returning, in fact orthos maybe two minute down a little bit, start treating more adults after the summer rush for teens. GPs offices get busy again after Labor Day and thats in our thinking, we expect GPs offices to pick up, we expect EMEA to get busy, they came screaming back in September and that push is on until the end of the year, and again, APAC is still running like the dickens. So all those factors go together and are reflected in the guidance that David spoke.
Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse: And maybe just one
Tom Prescott: I was just going to say APAC, APAC just kind of pile on a guess, we saw a very strong September in APAC which is very encouraging for us as we think about Q4.
Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse: Okay, maybe if I just ask my last question on the margin side.
Shirley Stacy: This is your last one Glen.
Tom Prescott: This is number two.
Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse: Ill jump off; Ill give others a chance.
Shirley Stacy: No, no, no. Its okay, go ahead.
Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse: I just going to ask on the margin side, I mean basically this is the second best operating margin weve seen in the companys history, at least as long as my history with it, obviously youve got a benefit on your gross margin line and you control the expenses, I mean should we think about maybe pushing higher into that 25% to 30% operating profit range, I mean do you think you can finally push into the higher end of that range given the groundwork youve laid this quarter?
David White: Lets not getting into a discussion between the CEO and CFO here so I will take that one. Look, what weve said consistently as weve got a long term model out there, were trying to thread the needle quarter-to-quarter through that. We want you to think about a whole year of performance and we have a lot of investments, we always dropped against the wall to make and where were confident we can continue to generate leverage in the business well make more but were not ready yet to think about the long term financial model, Id like to put that aside for the moment.
Tom Prescott: Yes, Ill just add to that. I think weve said consistently that as it relates to our long term model our objective has been and continues to be to deliver a full year within that model, were yet to do that, we hope were on track to do that this year but at the end of the year we can talk more about what that model looks like if we change it or otherwise.
Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Glen.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Glen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff Johnson  Robert W. Baird: Thank you, good evening guys. David I wanted to start with you on ASPs, I want to go to backup point there. It looks your ASPs have been running up, about 4% or 5% on average over the last four quarters or so. If I back into your ASP guidance for fourth quarter it looks to me down a point or two year-over-year and maybe thats a little aggressive but thats where my math has taken me. Is that all currency because if I do the math on that, thats about an $8 million swing and in the past your currency swings when theyve been bad, has been maybe a $1 million or $2 million, so this seem like its bigger than that. So Im wondering if its all currency in that swing or if there is something else in there that might be swing in the ASPs even more than currency.
David White: Currency is probably the largest component of it. Mix as we talked about a few minutes ago is also a component of it because were expecting to see some traction on the express side of our business in the fourth quarter with some promotions were running, particularly internationally, so those two are the biggest contributing factors to it. Long term however I guess I would still emphasize the point that we believe that our ASPs long term are going to continue to grow as our international business treats more complex cases and is growing at a rate faster than North America, and in particularly APAC where they treat the most complex cases. So while we might see some  little bit of volatility in ASP from quarter-over-quarter basis and that reflect in our Q4 guidance, I think long term we still accept  it would expect the ASPs to be stable to modestly up.
Tom Prescott: Jeff, if I just pile on for a moment. We would look at a mix shift ASP because the mix shift would be a positive effect because its something were actually trying to engineer, even though in our fall through in terms of operating margin is as good as or better than a full case. So for us thats a good thing, its a case we might not have participated in in a growing area. And then secondly, I think as David said, if you think about our business in Europe specifically, almost all of our volume shifts in September and thats exactly when the big  it was the biggest step weve ever seen in the percentage basis in the company, and because of virtually all of our shipments  because our doctors ask us to hold their cases until they are back from holiday, shift in September, it all got  it was all based on revenue based on a completely different euro and literally I think September 2nd or something it took a dive. So I think thats the rational for via change FX will give and take but I think on the mix side were actually trying to do this, we want to separate those two factors.
Jeff Johnson  Robert W. Baird: Alright, thats helpful. An interesting September point there let me just  I guess my follow up Tom, on the i7, i14 and the mix shift there I understand kind of trying to engineer some volumes you might not have had in the past. But I know its been two or three quarters in a row here when you and I have had conversations where  when the mix has been going the other way to the fall and some of the team cases in that, especially in the international markets, your explanation to me has been that docs really dont see in advantage from a price standpoint, they just assume to pay a little bit more to get all the flexibility of 30 Aligners instead of 7 or 14 or something and youve made it sound like docs just dont even see a reason to use i7, i14, does the forward in teen are a much better product for lot of the guys in the international markets and now it seems like that argument is kind of shifting here and Im just trying to understand why you would promote the i7, i14 if youve been seeing this kind of shift towards the fall in the higher revenue cases?
Tom Prescott: The short answer is we will continue to see in very unpenetrated markets around the world, a bias towards comprehensive treatment because the bulk of adults never got treatment as kids. Because were making progress, because the brand is getting out there and because there were children that were treated as kids by the National Health System in the UK, by the German Health Program in Germany etcetera, and never had retainers and relapsed, they are starting to see some cases with people that just want  they basically have a good bite and a solid occlusion but they are wanting to be strained up in front and so they are open minded about doing something for themselves, this is actually a wonderful thing because it means the idea of oral health and a better smile is slowly starting to catch on in Europe and it has not been at the top of their list ever. So its really  I think a good positive dynamic of market growth and this is feedback from some of our customers, and were trying to be responsive of that and give them incentives to try the product more.
Jeff Johnson  Robert W. Baird: Thats helpful, thank you.
Tom Prescott: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Brandon Couillard  Jefferies: Good afternoon.
Tom Prescott: Hey, Brandon.
Brandon Couillard  Jefferies: David just on the 4Q gross margin guidance, can you quantify those moving parts between ASPs, freight, and training cost and in terms of magnitude of effect because this will be the lowest gross margin I think in quite some time, if you could just give us some color there it would be helpful.
David White: Well some of that is  there is probably three pieces to it; ASP which weve talked about, freight and higher training, and as you listen to calls in the past right because weve talked about training. Training ebbs and flows with some amount of seasonality in it, its relatively a breakeven proposition for us financially and so as training increases in one particular quarter its going to tend to be a drag on margins, it wont be a drag on dollars but it winds up being a little bit of a drag on percent. The other piece to it is, our scanner business, were anticipating that to be a little bit down from a gross margin standpoint. So probably those three things together, I dont have a waiting here to give you between them if I was to put them in order, a rank order, high ASP is the first item and primarily as a result of FX. And then training and freight and this kind of business.
Brandon Couillard  Jefferies: Tom, one for you. As we look at the North American business, I know you dont usually talk about it this way but in terms of the growth rates weve seen and case volumes over the last couple of quarters, can you speak to the trend between teen and non-teen markets and if youve seen I guess in the deceleration in the non-teen segment over the past in terms of the trajectory in recent periods.
Tom Prescott: Let me answer this way, the numbers show a deceleration in volumes or in rate of growth, were growing steadily but the rate of growth its slowing over a number of quarters, this is mostly the case in GP space. And I think going back to an earlier question, we have not generated leverage there yet, its something thats highly, highly important to us and were working hard on it. If I strip all those parts away, there is still this huge laid demand in North America, 20 million to 25 million adults that want a better smile, that do not want brackets and wires, that know that the treatment cost is about $5000 and what they need is to become more important on their list of 20 or 30 things they would like to do. And we know because we talk to thousands of consumers. So I think our job is, when they are ready to make sure they go after Invisalign and then when they are after Invisalign they get to a practice that says were thrilled to put you into Invisalign. All those things dont happen perfectly each time but were working on fixing that. So we have lots of opportunity, we can do a better and better job of creating demand, of activating that at a doctors office and make use of the doctors office is ready to rock. It just takes some time, I would saw finally we dont pat ourselves in the back but one of the things I said purposely is we expect to grow multiples above market growth and competitive growth in every market we serve and we still do that even though were a little frustrated with our pace in North America right now. So I think our view is it was a softer orthodontic market and a softer dental procedures market during the quarter and we take no comfort there because our expectations were higher. But now we see all the opportunity, it drives us crazy sometimes but its there to be had.
Brandon Couillard  Jefferies: Thank you.
Tom Prescott: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And next question comes from Jeffrey Matthews with Ram Partners. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Matthews  Ram Partners: Thank you, can you hear me?
Tom Prescott: Yes Jeff, we can. Good afternoon.
Jeffrey Matthews  Ram Partners: Hi, good afternoon. Two things. One is, the progress you're making with DSOs seems more significant at this point than I would've expected. And I wonder if there is something about what you offer that is attractive to that organization, as opposed to an individual GP? Is it an easier sell for you for some reason? And then my second question is about China. I'm sort of gob smacked by the growth there. And I wonder really what your outlook is for the next couple of years in China, and why you seem to be kind of hitting this inflection point? 
Tom Prescott: Let me start with the second, wouldnt want you to be hanging there gob smacked. If youre observer, youve spent real time over there and I think you told me at one point when you were in Shanghai you saw Invisalign signs or something. The receptivity  I think weve got the formulae right, we tried a multiple different ways in countries in Europe and in Asia, and when we went into China we decided that it was more important to build the right foundation than it was to go for volume, and part of that was based on launching with G4 several years ago in May and we waited till G4 was available because it was our first real opportunity to really treat the most complex cases. And then we brought in SmartTrack, shortly behind that one we got approval in China. So I think the second thing we did was we worked three or four years building relationships with universities and clinical leaders and try to do it in a very Chinese way as they would describe it, and we were very patient about starting to train doctors, it was only until we felt we had clinical supporters that it treated and finished cases there that can teach to other Chinese doctors with those Chinese cases and demonstrated great results where we really ready to step on the gas which weve done over the last couple of years. So were pleased, we think long term, I wont put guidance kind of language around this, and I think we talked about this a little bit, Raphael Pascaud, our VP of International spoke about it in our Analyst Day. We think China is probably the one country in the world that offers that kind of rough sized opportunity of the US and so were approaching it with that kind of potential. I wouldnt want to put a finer point on it for the next few years but its one of our biggest investment opportunities and we continue to work hard to scale it. Ill stop in there and give it over to DSOs if I can.
Jeffrey Matthews  Ram Partners: Thanks.
Tom Prescott: Sure. I dont want to let you think that the business results are screaming with DSOs yet, Im reflecting on it because; A, it showed up significantly in training new doctors, and weve been on this for about a year and a half, two years working on this. And I think weve got the formula down pretty well even though the different DSOs have different approaches. Were attractive to them and they are attractive to us, they bring regional breadth, cross country breadth in some cases, they bring very operational mindset where they are used to driving for efficiency in cost yet still delivering great results clinically for patients. They are used to developing their own brand and series of treatment centers, and so we come in and they work hard to develop demand for each of their offices and each of their areas. We come out and alongside that were one of the best practice building opportunities in dentistry today with the Invisalign brand. And so what they can bring is a mindset with clinical leadership and a compliance mentality that this is one of the three things were going to focus on this year and everybody is going to get trained, were all going to do it, were going to measure it, and the company is going to line up behind us to help us. And I would say were in the early days there but we think this is a more focused approach to move the GP market. Were not at all giving up on office-by-office, we have great customers out there doing incredible things, its just that 90 plus percent of all dental procedures in North America happen in individual provider offices and fragmentations, the operative term. So we have to do it from both directions and make sure our value proposition, our coverage, our product and our support model fit every side. But DSO early days it will turn into business results in the coming years.
Jeffrey Matthews  Ram Partners: Got it, thanks very much.
Tom Prescott: Sure, take care.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Steve Beuchaw  Morgan Stanley: Hi, good afternoon and thank you for taking the question.
Shirley Stacy: Steve, how are you?
Steve Beuchaw  Morgan Stanley: Very well, thank you. Just trying to turn attention on the GP channel, I wonder if Tom you could look at it from a different angle, maybe reflect back on your experience, one year into the realign initiative and I wonder if you have any updated views on how it may or may not make sense to push the gas pedal a little bit on the distribution channel in that way. And then my second question which is also actually about distribution, it relates to Europe. That business is growing quite nicely, I wondered if you could give us a sense for how much in your runway you think you have there? And more specifically, how your view on execution and the growth opportunity in Europe is changing, now that you have a more direct line of sight into how that channel is evolving. Thanks so much.
Tom Prescott: Lets see the first one here, realign is still not meaningful, we are learning a lot and as we think about our long term evolution of our business model and customers, many GP customers that want to respond to a patients request but maybe dont want to do a weekend course, dont want to go deep, there is something there to be had and Id say the Shine organization and our team are both working on how to make that scale. And I would say good success in a handful of regions but it is not been replicated across the Shine team or across our team. I think the second piece goes back to something Id said in my prepared comments which is about  were still not relevant enough to the average GP, I guess there is an earlier question.  Were still not relevant enough to get them to link towards orthodontics, well its not something to do routinely, in fact theyve got very little of it in most of their dental programs and they spent much more time on drilling fill and anesthetic and cosmetic and veneers and all that. So thats what they normally do at where most of their business is, preventive and restorative. So where we come along, we try to get them do something different. I think when this really comes visible which realign where its hard to assess what you can treat in five stages with a realign case and dont even have the benefit of scaling it up to an Express 10 if youre a direct customer or a full case, automatically when our systems in stuff.  And so I think a couple of things will happen to changes overtime Steve; one is that as scanners become ubiquitous and share side applications that provide utility and value, we with iTero and other high quality scanner manufacturers are going to be helping to reduce friction, support clinical decision making, ride at share side and they will be able to look at patients dentition and it wont just be malocclusion but it will be other things, there could be other problems they are having, whether its brushes them grinding or whether they are trying to surely sign the paradontal decay and decline.  There will be tool surrounding that dentist the clinical practice that will help them look to a solution, and at that point in time there will be a whole series of products we believe digitally informed, like realigned or into a direct  through distribution or to a direct customer of ours that can use a range of things. So in our minds this is a very early step, its great learning, were learning a lot from the Shine team, they are learning from us, we can do a lot more but Id say it will be easier when we get scanners in there. And I think thats coming. Im going to flip the second thing mindful at time here and you talked about growth rates are seeing in EMEA be persistent and we believe so.  The degree of penetration of orthodontic treatment is an order of magnitude lower than in North America which is already under penetrated against the insertion and widespread nature of malocclusion here and it tends to be more acute, in other words, the malocclusion is worse, and people lose teeth more frequently because of that malocclusion as they age. So with all that they have a great opportunity, adults are more conscious of it now, they are more conscious, you have some countries in Europe that are very fashion conscious, so there is a reason why they care about their esthetic, feel and look, and you look at countries like Spain and Italy that on paper look like economic basket cases and our businesses are very, very strong there and thats being driven by adults that want to look and feel better, and in many cases adults that are 50, 60, 70.  So we look at this as weve now earned the opportunity to build a bigger business, were in the process of doing that. The more we can feed that with the evolving clinical products, scanners that surround the orthodontist, make it easier, reduce friction all around that process; it just gets better and better. And I think the biggest test Id show you is in Asia where they treat the hardest case in the world right now and were growing like crazy because we finally have as a critical math and more coming around that clinical product experience where the doctor can deliver that great results with confidence. So two very different extremes here, the examples you just asked but hopefully that answers your question.
Steve Beuchaw  Morgan Stanley: No, its perfect. Thanks so much Tom.
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Steve.
Shirley Stacy: Operator, well take one last question please.
Operator: Sure. Our next question is from John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed.
John Kreger  William Blair: Great, thanks. Not until time, Ill just ask maybe two quick ones. Tom you just mentioned a minute ago that key is getting more scanners out there, any progress you can give us on your efforts to get more interoperability with other scanner operators? That would be helpful. And then the second, you talked a fair amount about DSOs on the call, as that ramps do you think that will have any impact on your ASP or on your margins? Thanks.
Tom Prescott: I will take that one first. As we look at programs we look at contribution margin more than we look at ASP and as long as we hear that contribution margins that will drop through to operating margins based on the entire support model, we are comfortable with different price points and a good example of that is our elite or super elite customers that we support with different resources and try to teach them how to use the product we work with them and business planning for what their years are going to look like, and with the company resources look at helping them do great local campaigns to get word of mouth and all that. So while we trade higher discount or lower ASP with those elite customers we also dont put all the resources in the training and support that we do for a low volume customer that ultimately pays list. And the same can be said for DSO, they have clinical leaders that on a regional basis and national basis that will own programs and support, and these DSOs working alongside us, we pay training for those groups in language they use and then they go working support in challenge in a positive way, the local offices and the regional teams and they put experts out there in the field right alongside, and in many cases they dont want our reps even calling on their accounts. They say look, let you have a corporate rep calling me, pull your reps out of those accounts and you dont have to put that energy and effort in.  So we can then take that rep and deploy them to another account thats not owned by the DSO. So in our mind although you would see maybe some more ASPs going down, imagine thats like an advantage effect but operating margins, contribution margins still very, very attractive and worth doing. And I completely forgot the second one you asked, Im sorry.
John Kreger  William Blair: Yes, just a follow up on any interoperability progress.
Tom Prescott: I wasnt trying to shine in the topic, no. We continue to work with leading players on if we could and how we could validate and confirm interoperability as I have been saying clearly, its in our best interest to do so and while it will cost us some installed base sockets, iTero scanners, not everybody is going to buy an iTero scanner even though we believe its the best scanner in the world. So the upside is when there is more news well let you know and until then you should assume its in our interest to do so.
John Kreger  William Blair: Great, thanks.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, everyone. That concludes our conference call today. We look forward to speaking with you at upcoming conferences and meetings. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy -  Thomas M. Prescott - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David L. White - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Nathan Allen Rich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jeremy Feffer - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Roberto Fatta Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Align Technology, Inc. Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Communications. Thank you. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and David White, CFO. We issued second quarter 2014 financial results today, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast, and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time, through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on July 31. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial (877) 660-6853 with conference number 13585899, followed by pound. International callers should dial (201) 612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements about Align's future events, product outlook, and the expected financial results for the third quarter of 2014. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties, such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, and our Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2014. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. We have posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial information and the corresponding reconciliations in our second quarter conference call slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you, all, for joining us. On the call today, I'll provide some highlights from our second quarter and briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Invisalign clear aligner and scanner and services. I'll also provide some color on our orthodontist and GP Dentist customers, as well as progress in our geographies around the world. David will then share more detail on our second quarter financials and discuss our outlook for the third quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points, and open the call up to your questions. Q2 was a good quarter and we're pleased with our results. Record revenues, which increased 17.5% year-over-year, were driven by increased Invisalign volume across North America, EMEA and Asia Pacific regions, as well as higher Invisalign ASPs. We also had a record quarter for scanner and services revenues with unit volumes up over 50% year-over-year. Our performance in Q2 reflects continued focused execution of our strategic plan, including our 3 key growth drivers, which are: market expansion, product innovation and brand strength. I'll provide a brief update on each of these before discussing our results further. First, market expansion. This strategic growth driver encompasses the way -- the many ways we are working to grow the adult treatment category, increase our share of teen treatment and, in parallel, open up new geographies. In the teen patient segment, which is still primarily a North America focus today, we had a very good start to the summer season. In Q2, a total of 28,300 teenagers began treatment with Invisalign worldwide, up 8.6% sequentially and up 20.4% year-over-year. The summer months of June, July and August are typically the time that most teenagers start orthodontic treatment and so far, this summer looks to be solid. We're pleased with our continued progress in this, the largest and most important segment of the orthodontic market. During Q2, we ran teen promotions intended to address potential barriers to teen adoption, including for mom acceptance. The goal of these promotions was to increase utilization among high-volume North American orthodontists who infrequently use Invisalign for their teen patients. Results were favorable as targeted doctors that participated grew their teen volume for Invisalign significantly higher than non-targeted high-volume orthos. We're continuing these promotions into Q3, which historically been our largest teen quarter. While I'll touch on our performance by region in a moment, this is a good time to talk about driving growth in new geographies. Today, we're announcing further expansion in the EMEA region with 14 additional European countries moving from distributor coverage to our direct sales organization. As with the previous countries we added in Q1, we do not expect a material impact for some time. In the near term, we will leverage the existing infrastructure in adjacent country markets as we build local sales organizations to drive long-term market penetration. While individually small today, taken together, these new country markets will complement our growing base and increase critical mass across Europe. We continue to be excited about the longer-term growth potential in this important region, both in our existing country markets and these new ones. Our second growth driver is product innovation, which aims to create greater doctor preference through an intense focus on innovation with a goal of supporting increased adoption and utilization for our products. In Q2, we continued successful programs to commercialize Invisalign G5, our latest innovation specifically designed for deep bite treatment. Deep bite is a very pervasive functional orthodontic problem that presents in almost 1/2 of the existing ortho case starts in North America and EMEA with approximately 1/3 of the case starts in Asia. And while experienced doctors have been using Invisalign to treat deep bites for years, Invisalign G5 is designed to make treatment with Invisalign easier for our doctors and help them achieve even better, more predictable clinical outcomes. During the quarter, we saw a good initial use of G5, especially in the EMEA and APAC regions where doctors are routinely treating more complex cases. And finally, brand strength, our third key growth driver. We are working to build and leverage the strength of the Invisalign brand to create consumer demand and drive purchase intent among consumers in more and more countries worldwide. We continue to make great progress here. So let's start with North America, our largest market for consumer marketing. In Q2, we created more than 331 million consumer impressions through 426 media placements. Q2 also saw the launch of new teen-focused programs to leverage the busy teen treatment season, including new social media platforms specifically designed to engage with the teen audience on Tumblr and Instagram. To further support that strategy, we sponsored 4 DigiTour 2014 events that brought the Invisalign Teen brand directly to more than 17,000 teen consumers. Our efforts to influence the teen market will continue in Q3 as we leverage the DigiTour program and its popular YouTube channel to bring original content featuring Invisalign to millions of teens. In September, which has been designated as self-improvement month, a variety of PR and social media will provide a relevant connection to the Invisalign brand and our outreach to teens, moms and adult patients. Switching to EMEA, our new, more localized consumer initiatives targeted at high-potential and under-penetrated cities in Europe are proving to be successful. In particular, we're seeing strong impact in growth from these campaigns on our social media platforms with social media engagement up more than 150% over last year. We believe this has helped support our continued progress in this region. Continuing our strategy of using real patients to tell the Invisalign story to consumers, we launched a competition in the U.K. called Invisalign Changed My Life. Past Invisalign patients can share their story of how their life has been transformed by their new smile and the 2 winning smiles and their stories will be featured in our marketing materials, on Invisalign websites and in press and social media. Winners will be announced at a VIP event at the National Portrait Gallery in London later this year. And in Asia Pacific, we participated recently in the PR launch of 2 new Invisalign-dedicated practices in Singapore. Just 2 examples of how doctors in the APAC region are leveraging the strength of the Invisalign brand to reach consumers in their respective markets. In combination, these 3 proven strategic growth drivers, market expansion, product innovation and brand strength, are helping to extend growth in our most important country markets, while opening up new ones. Let's now touch on the progress we're making in these regions starting with North America. For Q2, North America Invisalign volume was up 4.2% sequentially and up 7.6% year-over-year. The sequential increase in Q2 reflects growth from both North American orthodontists and GP dentists. The year-over-year increase reflects continued expansion of our customer base, as well as increased utilization from our North American ortho customers, including teenager cases. For our international business, comprised of EMEA and APAC, for Q2, we continued to see strong growth of Invisalign case volume from international doctors with total case volume up 12% sequentially and 26.3% year-over-year, reflecting momentum across these markets. In EMEA, growth was strong across all core countries and up 20.8% year-over-year, with France and Spain leading the way. Progress was driven by incremental investment in sales coverage, continued enhancements in clinical education programs and growing doctor confidence as innovation in Invisalign product continues. In the APAC region, Invisalign case volume increased 42.3% year-over-year. China continued to deliver above our expectations, more than doubling case volume compared to the same quarter last year. We also saw strong growth from Japan, Australia and New Zealand, as well as the Southeast Asia countries. Doctors across this region routinely treat more complex cases and continue to more rapidly try and adopt product innovations like Invisalign G5. In addition, given we're still in the early days of growth in this region, our doctors are realizing significant benefits from our clinical education programs. In June, we held our first ever Invisalign Asia Pacific Summit in Singapore with more than 450 Invisalign doctors attending from across the region. We are very pleased by the participation and the great post-Summit feedback. The Summit program included presentations on the development and advancement of the Invisalign system, with particular focus on Invisalign G5. Some of the most valuable elements of our Invisalign Summit program are peer-to-peer lead clinical sessions, case sharing roundtable sessions and practice development workshops. All were attended with standing-room only. We continue to learn a great deal from our customers in this region as they deliver outstanding clinical outcomes on the most challenging orthodontic cases we see in the world today. Turning to our scanner business. Q2 was another great quarter for our scanner and services segment, which is up both sequentially and year-over-year, with scanner units up over 50% year-over-year. During Q2, we launched the new iTero 5.2 software upgrade, designed to increase practice efficiency and significantly expand the extensive array of iTero features currently available. This upgrade enhanced the customer experience, by adding a new orthodontic laboratory workflow, Vivera Scan, Vivera Pre Debonding and new algorithms for faster Invisalign scanning. With this new upgrade, our customers have seen Invisalign scan time reductions of more than 25%, even while preserving the high-quality data required to ensure a great fit for the Invisalign system. Vivera Pre Debonding allows the doctors to scan their patients before they debond or remove the patient's brackets and wires. This important capability allows them to order Vivera Retainers, while the patient is still in treatment, eliminating the need for temporary retention. This iTero feature is now in limited market release and expected to move to full release in mid-Q3. We also launched new iTero's monthly subscription packages and multiple scanner subscription discount programs that have been well received by new and existing customers. Overall, we continue to be pleased with the performance of our scanner business, and the positive impact that this is having on our Invisalign business. For Q2, the percentage of Invisalign cases submitted digitally from a scanner in North America rose to 32.7% compared to 30.2% in Q1 and 25.3% in Q2 a year ago. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to David for a review of our Q2 financial results. David?
David L. White: Thanks, Tom. Before I get into the details, I'd like to note that unless stated otherwise, all the financial information I'll discuss will be presented on a GAAP basis. With that, let's review our second quarter financial results. Revenue for the second quarter was a record $192.5 million, up 6.6% from the prior quarter and up 17.5% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Second quarter clear aligner revenue of $179.7 million was up 6.8% sequentially and up 17.2% year-over-year. Sequential growth reflected increased case volume by both North American and international regions. ASPs were essentially flat. Our year-over-year growth reflected case volume growth across all channels, as well as favorable ASPs from a higher mix of full Invisalign products, a higher mix of international business, as well as the favorable impact of our acquisition of our APAC distributor in May 2013. For the second quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 119,300 cases were up 6.3% sequentially, rebounding nicely from a slow start in Q1, but offset by some softness in June in North America. Year-over-year growth of 12.4% was driven by increased utilization from our international and North American customers, as well as continued expansion of our customer base. For North American orthodontists, Q2 Invisalign case volume increased 3.7% sequentially and 10.1% year-over-year. For North American GP dentists, case volume increased 4.7% sequentially and 5% year-over-year. For international doctors, Invisalign case volume increased 12% sequentially and 26.3% year-over-year. In Q2, we added 920 new North American doctors and 1,380 new international doctors for a total of 2,300 new Invisalign doctors. Together, this represented a 22% sequential increase as a result of a higher number of planned training events. Total Invisalign utilization for Q2 was 4.4 cases per doctor, up slightly from 4.3 last quarter. North American ortho utilization was 8.4, up from 8.1 last quarter. North America GP utilization was 2.9, flat from last quarter. And international doctor utilization was 4.5, up from 4.3 last quarter. Second quarter revenue for our scanner and services segment was a record $12.8 million, a 3.1% sequential increase, reflecting continued penetration and market share gains. On a year-over-year basis, our scanner and services segment increased 21.6%, driven by a 50.7% increase in scanner volume. Moving on to gross margin. Second quarter overall gross margin was 75.6%, down sequentially 0.4 points and up 0.1 points year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the second quarter was 78.8%, down 0.3 points sequentially and up 0.4 points year-over-year. The sequential decline was primarily the result of increased training events, which are only marginally profitable. The year-over-year increase was primarily the result of higher ASPs. Q2 gross margin for our scanner segment was 29.5%, down 4.1 points sequentially and down 4.4 points year-over-year. The sequential decrease was primarily the result of increased service and warranty costs. The year-over-year decrease was primarily the result of lower ASPs as we reduced our scanner pricing last year. Q2 operating expenses were $96.7 million. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were up $1.3 million, due primarily to increased marketing programs and headcount. This was partially offset by a benefit from a refund of medical device excise taxes we paid previously in Q1. On a year-over-year basis, Q2 operating expenses were up $11 million, incidental to the growth of the business, which primarily relates to headcount additions. This increase was also partially offset by the aforementioned medical device excise refund and elimination of the tax altogether. Our second quarter operating margin was 25.3%, up 2.2 points sequentially and year-over-year. Our quarter-over-quarter improvement was primarily driven by higher Invisalign volume. With regards to our second quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 26.8%. Our Q2 rate was negatively impacted by a one-time discrete item of $2.1 million, primarily related to prior years. Second quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.43, compared to $0.39 reported in Q1 and $0.36 reported in the same quarter last year. Moving on to the balance sheet. For the second quarter, our accounts receivable balance was $131 million, up approximately 3.8% sequentially. Our overall DSO was 61 days, a 2-day improvement sequentially and was down 1 day over the same period a year ago. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were $5 million, primarily relating to manufacturing capacity additions. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $69.7 million. And free cash flow for the second quarter, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $64.8 million. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short- and long-term investments, were $502.7 million. This compares to $472 million at the end of 2013, an increase of $30.7 million. During Q2, we paid $70 million under an accelerated stock repurchase plan, or ASR, for an initial delivery of approximately 997,000 shares of Align common stock. The final number of shares repurchased will be determined at completion of the ASR based on the company's volume-weighted average stock price during the term of the ASR, less an agreed upon discount. The ASR is expected to be completed by July 29, 2014. There remains approximately $230 million available for repurchases under the existing stock repurchase authorization, of which $30 million is expected to be used for repurchases over the next 9 months. Let's now turn to our business outlook for the third quarter and the factors that inform our view. We're pleased with the business, and remain confident in our ability to continue to drive growth of Invisalign globally. While customers reported stable overall patient traffic, our June case receipts in North America were a little softer than our expectations. Most teen case starts occur in the summer months, and we expect the positive impact we saw in Q2 from teenagers to continue in Q3. Consistent with previous summers, busy teen ortho practices typically have fewer consultations in order to accommodate the summer rush for kids before school starts. Q3 is typically a seasonally slower quarter for North American GPs and international doctors who spend fewer days in the office due to summer vacations and extended holidays. As such, we anticipate Invisalign case shipments to be down to flat sequentially from Q2 for North American GPs and international doctors. This is a more pronounced effect in Europe. For our scanner business, we expect it to be down sequentially in line with lower capital equipment sales in the summer. With this as a backdrop, we expect the third quarter to shape up as follows: Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 118,100 to 120,500 cases, roughly flat with our Q2 results, but consistent with our historical Q2 to Q3 3-year average. We expect net revenues to be in the range of $186.3 million to $190.2 million, slightly down relative to our case volume outlook due to lower scanner revenues, higher promotional activity and other factors impacting ASPs. We expect gross margin to be in the range of 75.1% to 75.6%, flat to slightly down sequentially from Q2, primarily reflecting lower ASPs as just mentioned. We expect operating expenses to be in the range of $96.7 million to $97.4 million. This is flat to slightly up when compared to Q2 reflecting continued investment in our strategic growth drivers. Our operating margin should be in the range of 23.2% to 24.3%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 23%. And diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 82.1 million, net of any stock repurchases. Taken together, we expect diluted EPS to be in the range of $0.41 to $0.44. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Tom for closing comments.
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, David. We are pleased to deliver these financial results, along with continued progress on key strategic initiatives. Our long-term goal is that someday, clear aligner treatment will replace brackets and wires as the standard of care in orthodontics. When we see solid adoption of key new product innovations like Invisalign G5 and are able to grow our penetration of the teen market, which is always the hardest share to gain, we know we're on the right track. Over the next few months, the entire Align team will be committed to ensuring our customers and their practices are thriving with patients that are overjoyed, not just with their new smile, but also with the Invisalign journey that helped them get there. I look forward to sharing our progress with you as we move forward. And with that, I'll say thank you for your time today and I'll turn the call back over to the operator for some questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Allen Rich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Nathan Rich on for Bob today. I wanted to start with your comments around June being a little bit softer. Your case volume guidance for the third quarter, I think, was pretty good given that you -- like you said, it is a seasonally slower quarter. Could you just maybe go into a little bit more detail on specifically what you saw in June, and kind of how that informed your outlook for the third quarter?
David L. White: Sure, Nathan. This is David. So I think you understand that when we put our guidance together, it's informed by a number of factors and so this is really just one data point of many. And the comment, specifically in the call related to a softness in June relative to our expectations, what I mean by that, we had expected a certain amount of lift from May to June. And while we saw the lift, we didn't see the lift that we had hoped for. And on the basis of that, that had some bearing on our guidance and had that not been the case, we might have guided Q3 a little bit differently. That said, also, one of the other data points are the fact that our teen business was very strong in the quarter, up 20% year-over-year, up 9% quarter-over-quarter. Another good factor, Tom mentioned that we got off to a good start. I think that's certainly one of those factors that contributes to it. June, July and August are typically weaker in North America GP practices. So it's not entirely surprising. We've certainly seen this in the past. And I think when we look at our guidance overall and we look at it relative to history, particularly from Q2 to Q3, our guidance from a volume standpoint and so forth is pretty consistent with historical Q2 to Q3 transitions. And even at that, it's up at the midpoint of guidance, it's up 14 -- 14.5% year-over-year, which we think is great relative to any peers in the industry.
Nathan Allen Rich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great, no, that makes a lot of sense. And I also wanted to shift quickly to ASP growth. It seemed like in North America, I think ASPs are up about 1.5%. You've seen a couple of quarters of nice growth year-over-year. I was just wondering if you could kind of help us understand what might be driving that. And as one of the factors, maybe growth from new dentists who might not be doing the volume needed to get to the discount and that might be helping North America ASPs.
David L. White: So ASPs are influenced by a number of things. When you kind of unpack it, it's dependent upon product mix. It's dependent upon geographic mix. It's dependent upon channel mix between ortho and typical GPs and how they participate in our advantage program and so forth. So if you look at it over the last year and as we look at it going forward, we continue to believe that as we treat more and more complex cases and as our international business grows, that those 2 factors will have an effect of, over a long-term, of raising ASPs. And that is fairly -- we've seen that certainly over the last year. As it relates to North America, I think the one variable there in North America that also has a bearing on ASPs in North America, primarily relates to the product mix. And that product mix is counterbalanced, you might say, by two things. One is the complex cases that our orthos are handling and as their utilization grows, and their practices grows, that tends to influence ASPs in one direction, and dependent also on which orthos that's coming from. On the GP side, where they're typically handling more simple cases that tends to be the other end of the barbell, you might say. We've not typically given breakouts or an outlook on those, but we think the trends on ASPs across all regions will be influenced by those same factors.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Glen Santangelo with Crdit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Tom, just want to take sort of your long-term growth guidance of 15% to 25% in perspective. If I look over the last 18 months or so, I mean, you've been sort of trending at the bottom end of that range and if you kind of look next quarter, obviously, you're guiding below that range and I understand the issues in June may be impacting the third quarter guidance, but as I look at North America more broadly, that will be the third quarter in a row of sort of single-digit growth. And I'm just kind of curious, is there anything to talk about with respect to maturation of the market or it getting more difficult to compete for market share against brackets and wires? I mean, how should we think about the growth from a longer-term perspective?
Thomas M. Prescott: Great question and a simple statement is that we're very committed to our long-term model. We have a great deal of confidence. And then we go and test ourselves maybe against a number of measures. One is our own expectations, which we don't talk about externally. Another is industry peers, and then finally, what are we -- how much headroom do we have left? And in every direction we look, we are -- we can't even see the ceiling. Our relative penetration into -- just part of the market in North America, for example, where there has been a little deceleration is something like 9% or 10% -- 10%, 11%. So every time we evolve the product and we can better compete for complex cases like deep bite across a wider number of orthodontists or dentists that do orthodontics, we then have an opportunity to go compete for that case, but it takes time. The more complex the case, the longer that time. We get them to try 2 or 3 cases. It might take 6 to 9 to 12 months for them to see that case really progressing and then build confidence that they can deliver the results they want. So with every more significant evolution that projects to us competing for more complex cases, at least in North America and to a certain extent, Europe, the longer it takes us to do that. The exception probably for that is in Asia. What we're seeing much faster uptake on new features just because the cases they treat every day are all so much more difficult. The average case that presents is so much more complex. So they're looking for any tools that can work to solve that problem and there's less, I'd say maybe, ingrained legacy behavior among the clinicians. Brackets and wires have been here for 100 years. So for us, it's really about market adoption, clinical proof, clinical excellence to demonstrate that we can actually help them deliver those great results and an understanding. Practice by practice, we're starting a process of increasing confidence, slow steady adoption and I'll point you back to our teen share gain, which is the hardest share and most of that gain is in North America. That's the hardest case for us to win because mom, dad and the doctor are all targeted to be perfect. And if they believe there's any clinical tradeoff, they're just not going to put that kid into teen. Finally, you've raised competition and I think, look, more competition is good for everybody. Everybody's sword gets sharper, right? So what I'd say is brackets-and-wires companies, their games have all improved. That's a good thing for the industry. It's a good thing for our customers and their patients. There's more clear aligner players, but for the most part, they're at the low end and it's more noise than anything else. What's going on for us is really delivering 2 to 3x growth in a segment pointing towards mainstream, but not there yet, especially for ortho, in a segment that's growing maybe low single digits. And so we're going to compete like the Dickens and take what we can, but it is not an issue of limited headroom or maturation of market opportunity.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I appreciate those comments and maybe I can just follow up on the competition perspective. As I think about ASP, David, I appreciate your comments that the ASP is rising due to the mix and the slant towards international and more complex cases. Is there anything to say about organic pricing trends? If we were to take mix out of the equation?
Thomas M. Prescott: If you -- I think we actually try -- the couple of last slides in the webcast slide package, we try to break out what we'll call kind of full type cases and limited treatments, non-comprehensive treatments and what you can see from both of those, when we adjust, when we normalize for factors like FX and the like, we're pretty stable to up a little bit. What I would say, using North America as an example, when there's a little less volume than we expected, and you could make that as the case for June, since we had a little deceleration, both in GP and ortho, we get a little less participation from it among the advantaged doctors and that translates to them not achieving maybe the same level for advantage or getting as much total discount. We would rather have ASP go down for that reason and have them fill up their practice with Invisalign. So in our minds, that's the one element of ASP that we're not thrilled with being up a little bit. We're happy with mix shift driving that, we're happy with the rest of it. But this is an area where we continue to have opportunities to compete and it means some of our advantage doctors didn't participate as fully as we thought in Q2, but stable pricing is the message underneath all that.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Last question and then I'll jump off. David, the cash is sort of piling up on the balance sheet. You've obviously started to buy back a little bit of stock here. How should we think about the plans for capital deployment going forward? Should we think about it as more share repo down the road? Or Tom, I don't know if there's a strategic message that you want to try to deliver.
David L. White: Yes, I'll just add, when we announced in April our accelerated stock repurchase plan, we announced at the same time that we were committed to a $300 million purchase over the 3 years that are ahead of us, with the first $100 million of that being expected to occur in the first year. And so we will close that ASR completely out and -- next week. And we'll then repurchase the remaining amount under that $100 million initial tranche, you might say, over the balance of the year. And I think the only guidance we've given is that there's another -- there'll then be another $200 million to follow over the next couple of years. And I don't think we've got anything more to add to that then -- at this point.
Thomas M. Prescott: I'll finish your comment. We're -- to the extent we were going to do anything, it would probably more in the area of technology versus -- we don't feel like the money is burning a hole in our pocket. We're funding -- we have a great free cash flow machine. We're funding our research and development, our expansion around the globe, our building of brand, our development of a better company that is more scalable and those -- most of those show up on income statement, not the balance sheet. With that said, we continue to have dialogue with the board, but we're not going to run around and start looking at everything that's for sale. The idea is to build a great organic business and build out our scanner install base and bring digital tools and capabilities to our customers. That reduces friction them and leads to some benefit for us. You see that showing up in Invisalign. And we're going to pour the coal on the fire as we build out the Invisalign franchise as well. So I think at this point in time, we're not -- we're trying to stay very focused in executing the strategy we laid out at the analyst meeting a month or so ago.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Jon Block with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe my first question builds on Glen's a little bit in North America, a little bit more specifically to North American GP volume. I believe that was up, obviously, a lot of numbers, but I believe that was up 5% year-over-year and then I'm looking through and it seems like Express was actually down year-over-year. And so can you, Tom, maybe speak specifically to North American GP growth because I'm being pulled in 2 directions. One, I would think the scanners and that should help drive utilization maybe within the GP channel, but then on the other side, is it possible sort of the growth in '12 and part of '13 was inflated a bit through sort of an Invisalign 5 and some of the promos there. So maybe if you can talk to those dynamics, that'd be very helpful.
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. I guess, GP, first of all is -- building out a GP channel in the biggest GP dental market, which is North America, is a strategic priority. There are very few companies that have successfully built out with a specialty product that requires some missionary work, build out a high preference doctor product to this very fragmented base of customers that cover a huge range of procedures day-to-day in their office. We're still early in that journey, so I -- we don't think that's linear, and -- but it's very, very important to us, and we're going to get it right over time. And we still grow faster than all of our peers with consumable products and everything else that are calling on this channel, whether that's direct or whether that's the distribution. The second part of your question maybe is both mix and channel and that's Express 5 or 10, and a little more specific to GP, correct?
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Yes.
Thomas M. Prescott: And so what I'd say is two things. One, it's not a lack of emphasis by us and when we do promotions as we did maybe 1 year, 1.5 years ago on Express 5 and 10 is to get trial. Our positioning for the Express products, from the very beginning, both 5 and 10, were for the more experienced customers, not just orthos but GPs that had experience doing Invisalign treatment and could comfortably look at a malocclusion and set expectations for that patient and know what they could deliver in 5 stages or 10. It's hard and there's a limited degree of malocclusion treatment that's predictable with those shorter treatments. So I think what's happened over time, first, the good news is we're winning on the high end. We're taking share on more complex cases. We're winning in teen, which is wonderful. Our strategy at the other end was to make sure we're competing up and down the line and we're doing fine there. It's just that relative, there's more -- doctors have said, "I'd rather just go to an assist case. I'd rather do a full case if I have to worry about doing it in 10 stages. If it's 17 stages on full, I'm fine with that." If they're an advantage doctor, and they're a significant advantage doctor, the difference in price isn't even that great between Express 10 and a full case. So I think the reality is, let's just call it settling in. Now I would say, and there was a question earlier, there is more noise in competition with both bracket players with specialty brackets for 6-month treatments, as well as there has been for a while a lot of players offering simple treatments, but none of them seem to work that well and what we're going to do is stay committed to delivering treatments we can stand behind, so that what we show in the ClinCheck is what gets delivered to the patient. And there's very few companies out there that can make that statement, so more of a mix shift, still in love with the channel, it's a long-term journey and I just say it's settling it. But there's a lot more movie to be seen here, I think: a, for the GP channel; and b, for the different offerings that will evolve over time.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great, I've got one more question and maybe one clarification. Just you mentioned the promotions on the teen side of things. And you've certainly run promos there before, I think with Vivera and other stuff like that. But I think, Tom, you were sort of alluding to a specialized promotion for high-volume orthos that had not really used Invisalign for teens before. So is this the start of something new here, very targeted promotions to try to get some guys on board for teen and we're sort of in the first inning of that?
Thomas M. Prescott: Short answer is yes. Attractive practices with great businesses that haven't been confident enough to use Invisalign Teen yet. I think coming on the heels of SmartTrack and G5, seeing a lot of clinical evidence and hearing from colleagues how well it's working, and then us trying to compete for the toughest case to steal from brackets and wires in that office and having some success in a targeted way. Call it increased support and focus by the team and a little better financial proposition for that practice. And I think it is very early, but so far so good. I hope we have more good news to report to you at the end of Q3, but that's a very targeted approach.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And then last one, just a clarification, David, I think this is for you. You mentioned some of the year-over-year margin expansion from the elimination of med device tax. But did you actually also recognize a credit in the quarter and was that a credit to the OpEx numbers that you reported?
David L. White: Yes, Jon. So there was -- there were basically 3, you might say, moving parts in the quarter. We did receive a medical device tax refund from payments we had made in early Q1 prior to our engagement with the IRS at that point in time, so those were refunded to us in the quarter. They amounted to about $1.2 million and contributed about $0.015 to EPS. On the...
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, and we're done -- I'm sorry, go ahead.
David L. White: And then I was going to say the other moving parts were the ASR was about $0.005 accretion. And then we had some discrete items -- a discrete item, I guess, that relates to taxes that had a one-time, nonrecurring impact of about $0.03 unfavorable. So net-net, about $0.01 unfavorable across those 3 moving parts.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: One question as a bit of a retrospective on the first half of the year. Thinking back to comments that you made in January and then gave us a bit more clarity on in April, given everything that was going on with the weather. You commented that there were patients who were having some difficulty scheduling, especially of course here in the Northeast and the Midwest. I wonder at this point, do you have a sense for, number one, whether all that volume has come back through the system? And number two, how much of an impact it might have had in terms of dynamics in 2Q relative to Q1 where you might have had a few folks come back through the system that couldn't get there in the first quarter?
Thomas M. Prescott: Steve, it's a good question and it's very, very difficult to pin down. We tried to survey our customers and kind of help interrogate their schedules and calendars to get a sense of what that rescheduling shuffle looked like, and there were 2 or 3 or 4 cycles of this in January and February and later in March and each one of those periods of prolonged bad weather sent everybody scurrying and I think at the point when we talked about it before is when that happens in an ortho office, they kind of reschedule everybody as they can. When it happens in a GP's office, where we're already a smaller part of the relative practice, a lot of people coming in are in pain. They have a serious problem. They're in the middle of a restoration. The Invisalign case reschedules in that office are going to get pushed pretty far down the path to priority. They're going to deal with people with endodontic problems and that need to get in there very quickly. So what we heard from our customers as we were getting into April was things were finally settling down. We have -- short answer is we have no quantitative view. Wish we could, but we have no quantitative view if there were ultimately people that never came back, nor do our customers know what happened. What they do know is their patient volumes, procedure volumes and patient traffic was reduced through those periods. And in general, I think most of our practices feel it's returned to normalized levels.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's really helpful. And then one on Europe, if we think back to 2013 and the acquisition of the distributor in Asia, it was a bit of a tailwind. It sounds like you're not expecting a proportional tailwind with the change to distribution in Europe. So I guess, question one is, why is that? Is it as simple as you're just not bringing on reps from the distribution network? And then two, how could we see the contribution from the direct selling effort there ramp over time?
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure, a couple of things. First, I think we've -- first of all, this is very important and it's strategic for us. It is different because in Asia Pacific, we had a going business with 50 employees and significant volume. In fact, their volume was growing faster than any other finite geography in the country. And then we also gave -- and it was -- so that was meaningful volume and it was growing 40% a year, something more than that, we -- 30% to 40%. We actually were giving that distributor 50% discount to do all of the clinical education, training, support, promotion, consumer, everything. And so we got all that volume, actually increased that volume overnight -- increased that volume, but overnight, doubled the revenue per case coming in. We would have the same scenario with this, I'll call it a steady process, that we're going at in Europe, where we've rethought -- with our distribution partner that had a very large geography in many countries, seems that our -- the distribution partner's focus was on a number of other countries and geographies, the Middle East, Turkey, Russia and not as much on former Eastern European countries, the Nordic countries, et cetera, where we had either presence close to being direct or directly adjacent to where we had meaningful mass. The idea was that rather than acquisition, we would just bring those back. We would invest in those geographies in a thoughtful, organized way. And that's what's happening. But instead of bringing in a going business, we're bringing in geography, and in a few cases, very small volumes. In the short term, we'll pivot to put small level of incremental resources, leaning on our adjacent country sales forces and management teams. And over time, we'll start slowly to build some direct teams in those -- in the more important country geographies. But it's much more of a long-term complement to the excellent growth we're seeing in Europe and EMEA. And over time, it'll be able to leverage the critical mass we've already got building into these countries in northern and southern and former Eastern Europe. Again, very different story, very important to us, but won't be meaningful in revenue terms in the near term.
Shirley Stacy: Steve, next question please?
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Jeremy Feffer with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Jeremy Feffer - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: I wanted to start in some of the marketing initiatives o U.S. I appreciate the color you gave on that, Tom. I'm wondering if you could provide maybe in qualitative details, so piggybacking on some of the comments you guys made at your analyst day on some of the progress you're making in China, I guess, beyond the KOLs. Talk about maybe some of the barriers, I know these events you describe tend to be well attended and -- but how is it translating into volumes, again, qualitatively? And what kind of barriers are you running into, if any?
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, certainly, first of all, we are doing business in all of the major institutions. The delivery of care is organized into kind of what look like hospitals. And there are a series of specialists and generalists that deliver care both to private and, I'll call it, public. And in many of these, more public hospitals, we are on -- we're in the programs to be included with those systems. It takes a long time. It doesn't mean it's every one. In parallel with that, we are -- there's clinic operators opening daily, weekly, almost. There's 20 million to 50 million reasonably wealthy Chinese to which basic health care services and oral -- access to oral care is a new thing, very, very attractive and they're very drawn to our brand. And so the third thing is we've built our business in China starting 6 years ago or something like that from developing clinical relationships and research relationships. And so we have excellent relationships and have earned respect from some of the most influential KOLs and they're actually helping us educate as part of their role, we have advisory boards over there. And in our minds, this is an incredibly valuable thing because they're treating the most complex cases we see in the world. It's stunning, the complexity they're dealing with, and we're learning more about what the appliance can do, what Invisalign can do and how we should modify our protocols. So we're actually doing clinical research over there with them. That has significantly impacted many of the hospitals and teaching institutions around China. And over time, as we talked about during the analyst day, we're going to be moving out of just the major cities to the smaller second-tier cities, that are only 10 million to 15 million population, right? So -- but we're getting good traction both on a purely private side with clinic operators, as well as the big hospitals. Not everybody, and -- but the barriers for us are really around clinical excellence, clinical education and support and we're not trying to go fast per se, we're trying to do it right. And yet, I think we said doubling, I'll just give you the number, our increase in volume, our China business was up 178% versus the same quarter a year ago. I mean, so even though we're trying to take a thoughtful approach to this, it's growing very, very rapidly. So we're pleased and the barriers are really around competition, traditional brackets and wires and there are some local players, but we're doing just fine, and we're staying humble and hungry.
Jeremy Feffer - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Okay, I appreciate that color. And just one other -- on iTero, obviously, nice progress this quarter. Where -- I guess, what type of sort of long-term run rate -- I know not -- you're not going to give longer-term guidance on iTero, specifically, but sort of maybe conceptually, what kind of growth can that segment, I mean, as you expand its sort of capabilities and as dentists -- more dentists embrace the concept of digital dentistry, what kind of growth can that segment really generate? And obviously, as it sort of ties in with Invisalign case growth, like, how big can that segment get?
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure, let me give you a future state description. This is not guidance, to be clear. And we've talked about this a little bit at the analyst day. We believe that high-quality intra oral scanners will be ubiquitous over time at chair side. And busy practices will have multiple units. It may segment to where there's higher performance scanners and very low more quadrant or individual tooth to support just specific restorative procedures. But with that said, we believe they're going to be ubiquitous. And seeing that trend and believing that and being committed to supporting that with improving value proposition, better performance and having the best scanner, we -- our goal is to build the biggest standalone scanner install base in the industry. And if not #1, then a very close #2. Now can we do that against the big players? We'll see. So far, we're doing all right. We are the fastest-growing and the largest standalone install base out there of anybody. Sirona has got a huge start on everybody, most of their scanners are not standalone, they're with integrated systems. So in our mind, that's how big it is. And when we help our customers' offices, whether that be an orthodontist or a GP Dentist, become fully digital, we can help them remove friction from so many of their procedures and processes. It's better for the patient; it's better for the practice; everything happens faster, smoother, quicker; cycle times get compressed, quality goes up; we think costs will go down for everything. And we intend to be in the middle of that. So we think that's a very big market. And when we're ready, we'll start thinking globally. Again, we've -- we're building this model out in North America and at some point in time, I think, as both Raphael Pascaud and Tim Mack spoke about, there are opportunities to revisit thinking about a number of countries and regions globally, but it's a little too early for that.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Tom, this is the second quarter in a row that looks like where North American doc trainings were down almost 20% year-over-year, is there something seasonal going on there? What do you -- what would -- should we look for in the second half of the year? And do you think that's a direct factor in terms of the moderating North American case volume trends?
Thomas M. Prescott: No. Let me start in reverse order here. No to the last, for sure. There is enormous interest in Invisalign in practice and we're training more orthodontists again now. We're training more GPs, we have -- and we're training a lot of doctors internationally. For a long time, there was very little training going on outside the U.S. The global rate of training for us has actually gone substantially up, but I think you're asking a question more about North America. And there are 2 or 3 factors going on. One, we're still ramping up a very new entry-level course called Invisalign Fundamentals. We're still ramping it up. We got behind in Q1 given weather and then even into Q2 where offices were in a scramble mode to reschedule patients and generate stronger cash flows and all that, and so I'd still think we're building up capability to do a more intensive Invisalign Fundamentals class, which is the new one. And we're very satisfied we're on the right track. We think there are tens of thousands more GPs that want and would like to have a procedure like Invisalign in practices -- in their practice. And so again, we don't think there's any headroom issues there. But with that said, I think this is a ramp up for us with a very new program that's a bit more intensive and more time on the front end committed by sales force. And on the back end, immediately after the training program, with a few more members of the staff, not just the doctor attending. At a time when the doctors are scrambling with weaker cash flow months and schedule in the office that were tough, so April was one of the places that showed up. But I think going forward, our clinical education programs continue to get better. We're going to see more impact and we continue to see good results in general from better entry-point training. And what you don't see, because we don't really report, we do a lot of next-level training. We don't report those because they're not new doctors trained, and that whole process is getting better as well, as we have -- we continue to be able to tell the clinical innovation story and demonstrate how they can use these new features. Those things continue to be well-attended by both experienced orthos and GPs. So no issues from our perspective, just part of the journey.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And in terms of the EMEA expansions. Just curious, why now? Why make those pushes in those markets? And is there a rate-limiting factor terms of the amount of capacity you have as a management team to focus and execute those well?
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. What I -- I'll step back a little bit for a moment and what I'd say is this is not so much -- if it appears happenstance, it's not. This is really a series of -- coming out of a series of thoughtful discussions over the last 1.5 years or 2 with our partner and a realistic check-in about where their priority was going to be and the opportunity that was being missed over time with some of these countries and geographies that were being underserved. And interest by clinicians in those countries in getting trained, in getting started, et cetera. So rather than pivot back a huge number of countries overnight and hit the problem you describe, which is what we do with 25 countries overnight we've, in a thoughtful, organized way, done this in a couple of phases and you're seeing a second phase here of this and that's purposely for the reason you just described as the outcome we don't want. We want, first of all, to be able to be responsive to the customers in those regions. We want this to be a good news story. And we also just don't intend to step up and have a visible sign of what I'll say in the shorter term, fairly low productive headcount expansion in this geography. So this is a phasing process. It's being done in a thoughtful way and we're really leveraging the adjacent country, solid mature leadership teams, take advantage of that. So that's what you're seeing. And over time, we'll incrementally look for those opportunities.
Shirley Stacy: Great, next question please.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Let me just ask 2 very quick ones here, if I could, Tom. Most of my questions have been answered. But on the European distributors there, I guess, still trying to feel out maybe the size of that. I hear what you're saying that it's small relative to AsiaPac. Anything you can give us on maybe the base of volumes there, is it 10% what was in AsiaPac? Is it 50% what was in AsiaPac? Or maybe give us employees, we know there were the 50 employees in AsiaPac or 15 sales reps in AsiaPac, anything to help us kind of size these 25 countries versus the AsiaPac efforts?
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure, I'll make it very simple. 0 employees we're picking up, very little book of business, many interested customers, but consider these start-up geographies, which is the -- to the earlier question, it's a very significant -- very important to us to do, makes a great deal of sense and it's a wonderful complement to the base we're building with critical mass in these other countries. But we're basically picking up opportunity, we're not picking up volume. It's not even a volume to talk about. And so I'm not even going to put a percent on it. It's very small.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then only other question then, if I look at the second to last slide in your slide deck, the -- one of the ASP slides. I'm struck by two things. I guess, one, the big uptick we saw 3 quarters ago and the stability we've now seen in those ASPs over the last 3 quarters. So one, is it just the lack of some of the Express 5, Express 10 trialing in that, that maybe drove some of the earlier volatility around those prices that you see in that chart? Is that mainly what's been driving the stability there the last 3 quarters? And then once we get -- if I back into kind of your third quarter ASP guidance, it looks like it's somewhere right around there maybe a little bit below where it's been the last 3 quarters here on a worldwide basis, but what happens after the next quarter, I guess? Are we kind of stable at this trend line or what takes it up the next tranche from here?
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. Let me just point to something you said, which is basically, yes. We had promotion -- the thing that was moving Express -- we had 2 or 3 things going on. It happened over a more extended period of time because we had both a promotion in trial and expiration of promotions that lasted a couple of quarters in North America. We also had some things going on with i7 and i14 in Europe, which wasn't as visible because there's not as much volume among GPs and they're generally treating harder cases, so there was a little less interest there. Over time, we've got a decent base built now. I think we've sorted out with experienced doctors where an Express 5 or 10 offering fits. And they use it for a patient that is not ready for comprehensive treatment, wants to spend a bit less money, but just wants to deal with a small degree of crowding or close a small space. So I'd say that's pretty steady in volume and it's -- while there's a little bit of volume growth, it's being swamped by the significant growth we're getting in teen, generally a little more complex cases and what's going on as well in Europe and in Asia. Both of those things on the full product are really moving -- geographic mix, are really, on full cases, are really moving that ASP number. And the last point, I'll let David talk a little bit about our guidance for Q3. You were asking a question about maybe why is that pointing down a little bit and I'll let David speak to that.
David L. White: Well, Jeff, you're talking a little bit about volatility. Like I said earlier, there's a lot of factors that influence ASP, and as it specifically relates to Q3, to use that as a case in point, as our business shifts a little bit more predominantly to teen business in the summer quarter, and as we see some softening seasonally in the international region, which typically has more complex cases, the higher ASPs and so forth, the net effect of that is that we see lower ASPs in Q3. Now notwithstanding the fact that may add a little bit of volatility, you might say, into the ASPs on a quarter-to-quarter basis. The comment I made earlier about the long-term trend, we still believe. We believe the trend will continue to be favorable from an ASP standpoint primarily for many other reasons, as I previously indicated. Since this is the last question, I'm just going to add one thing in there since it didn't get asked during the call and we didn't make comment on it in our prepared remarks. Last -- you'll recall in our Q1 conference call, we talked about some overall expectations for 2014 as it related to where we stand against -- relative to our operating model. Given some of the issues we had in Q1, we reaffirmed that in the second quarter -- excuse me, end of the first quarter call. And if you look at where we are today, the first 2 quarters with the Q3 guide we've given, we continue to believe, as we did when we entered -- as when we entered into 2014, that the second half of 2014 would be stronger than the first half. And a large piece of our belief was the fact that we were investing heavily in a number of our strategic growth initiatives and that the gestation period of those investments would not begin manifesting themselves until the second half of the year or later. So as we sit here at this call and as we look at the second half of the year, we continue to believe that and believe that we can deliver revenue within that operating model and we believe that our operating margin should somewhat -- should still be consistent with 2013 as we indicated the beginning of the year. So I just wanted to add that since it didn't get brought up in our formal remarks and the opportunity didn't really come up during our Q&A session. Shirley?
Shirley Stacy: We have room for one last question, I believe.
Operator: Our final question will be coming from the line of Mr. John Kreger with William Blair.
Roberto Fatta: This is Robbie Fatta in for John. Just one quick one on the scanner side. As you've seen increased competition in ortho offices from a couple of other guys who have launched scanners and concentrated on that space recently, how has that impacted adoption rates by orthos? Has it accelerated them or has it taken longer as they evaluate new products?
Thomas M. Prescott: I think that's a big help. 1 year or 2 years ago, orthos were kind of scratching their heads thinking, "I think I need to own a cone beam scanner, but I hadn't put much thought into intra oral scanners." They all had digital x-ray, cone beam CT, every other gadget you can imagine. Now you see orthos saying, "I'm going to own at least one busy office." Now one of the drivers for that happens to be Invisalign, because we're very digitally enabled as a treatment and a customized treatment. I think over time, there -- you may see an evolution in brackets and wires with -- and other kinds of appliances that are enabled and improved by digital planning and everything else. So I think it's just going to accelerate that and as they see value, they'll do it. Now as to competition, again, everybody gets better when there's more players in it and while you -- you're not going to win every one, market adoption is a bigger force, I think, than competitive share battles. So I would rather have the tide coming in with everybody thinking, "I've got to buy one." And then the opportunity to make the case that we have the best one, rather than the former. So I think while it does mean they're going to try a few different scanners and play with them -- we've actually had some people that bought a different scanner and sent it back saying, "It doesn't do what I need, can you bring an iTero in?" So again, we're doing very, very well and we're pleased with our progress. There's a lot of installed base sockets open and up for competition over the next few years out there.
Shirley Stacy: Actually, operator, we've got one more question, please.
Operator: Our final question will be coming from the line of Mr. Chris Lewis with Roth Capital Partners.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: Tom, at the analyst day, you talked quite a bit about the product evolution of Invisalign in terms of the efficacy and applicability. So I understand you're still in the early days of rolling out G5 deep bite, but can you give us any sense of when we can expect to hear more details around new product enhancements and potential new treatment indication announcements?
Thomas M. Prescott: That's a great question. Amazingly, our customers are asking us the same thing. We just -- we try to have a discipline. We were out of our comfort zone. At the analyst day, we probably showed a little more than we were normally comfortable doing because it was very important for us to frame our strategic intent and you understood why we were confident that we could actually argue long term to think about standard of care. We'd rather not kind of sell futures either to our customers or to our owners and just would rather them know that we're working on all the major indications and our goal is to make Invisalign easier to use and more predictable than brackets and wires to get great results. So I think we showed things like extraction where there's an interest, but in terms of putting a timeframe on it and what and how we'll do it, I'd rather not do it. There are rich opportunities ahead for us either around an indication-specific solution or around a lot of other things we can do to make Invisalign more mainstream, and we're working on all those. Sorry.
Shirley Stacy: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us. This concludes our call today. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you, and have a wonderful afternoon.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - VP of Corporate and Investor Communications Tom Prescott - President and CEO David White - Chief Financial Officer Roger George - VP, Legal Affairs and General Counsel 
Analysts:  Ravi Fadah - William Blair Jon Block - Stifel Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners 
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Align Technology Q1 2014 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to your host to Shirley Stacy, VP, Corporate and Investor Communications. Thank you, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Im Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for todays call is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and David White, CFO. We issued first quarter 2014 financial results today via Marketwire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Todays conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. Telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 pm Eastern Time through 5:30 pm Eastern Time on April 30th. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13579429, followed by #. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including without limitations, statements about Aligns future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the second quarter of 2014. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During todays conference call, we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis to aid comparisons between our current and historical financial results. These items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and the reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures, are contained in todays financial results press release, which we have posted on our website at investor.aligntech.com under Financial Releases and have been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. Weve also posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, and our first quarter conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Align Technologys President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. On the call today, Ill provide some highlights from our first quarter and briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Invisalign clear aligner, and iTero scanner and services. Ill also provide some color on our orthodontist and GP dentist customers as well as progress in our geographies around the world. David will then share more detail on our first quarter financials and discuss our outlook for the second quarter. Following that Ill come back and summarize a few key points and then open the call to your questions. Were pleased with our overall first quarter results with better than expected revenue and earnings. Record first quarter revenue increased nearly 18% year-over-year, driven by strong Invisalign volume. This solid growth reflects continued expansion of our customer base as well as increased adoption and utilization as doctors treat more patients with Invisalign. Despite numerous global economic challenges, our business remains strong with growth driven by continued progress in our EMEA and Asia Pacific regions. Our performance in Q1 reflects continued focused execution of our strategic plan including three key growth drivers which are; market expansion, product innovation and brand strength. I will provide a brief update on each of these before discussing our results. First, market expansion, this strategic growth driver encompasses the many ways we are working to grow the adult treatment category, increase our share of teen treatment and in parallel open up new geographies. In Q1, we continued targeted investments into our existing markets including North America, Europe and the Asia Pacific region through a combination of sales coverage and support along with professional marketing in the clinical education programs. As mentioned during our January call, we are further expanding our directly covered markets in Europe by converting some of these countries previously managed by our EMEA distributor back to direct sales geographies. In Q1, we began this process by brining Scandinavia, Portugal and Greece back in-house. While we dont expect to see immediate material impact from these markets, we are excited about their longer term potential and the opportunity to connect more directly with our customer base in those countries. Our second growth driver is product innovation, which aims to create greater doctor preference through an intense focus on innovation and deliver increased adoption in utilization for our products. In Q1, we launched Invisalign G5 innovations for deep bite treatment worldwide. Deep bite is a very pervasive, functional orthodontic problem that presents in almost half of existing ortho case starts in North America and approximately a third of the case starts in Asia. And while experienced doctors have been using Invisalign to treat deep bite for years. Invisalign G5 is designed to make treatment with Invisalign easier for our doctors and help them achieve even better clinical outcomes. Early indicators show a high level of enthusiasm around Invisalign G5. We saw a record attendance at our Invisalign G5 launch event, with more than 4,000 doctors attending Invisalign G5 webinars in North America. And more than 1,800 doctors in the series of launch events in Europe and Asia. And in the first couple of months post launch, we have seen both an initial increase in a number of doctors submitting deep bite cases, as well as in a number of deep bite cases started worldwide, with the greatest incremental growth coming from international orthos, which is not too surprising, as the doctors outside North America typically treat more complex cases. We also began the phase launch of ClinCheck Pro with 3D controls in Q1. ClinCheck Pro is our latest software innovation that provides doctors with more precise control over final tooth position during treatment planning Just 8 weeks into the launch, 83% of targeted doctors are using ClinCheck Pro. These early metrics for both Invisalign G5 and ClinCheck Pro thrown adoption give us confidence that we are delivering meaningful innovations to our customers. And finally brand strength is our third key growth driver. Invisalign is the most recognizable brand in our industry and we continue to build equity in this valuable brand through a very integrated consumer marketing platform that includes TV, media, social networking and event marketing. After what is typically a lighter Q4 in terms of media investment, Q1 saw an increase in North America media activity and delivered more than 1.2 million unique visitors to invisalign.com and year-over-year increases in all related activities on our consumer website. Extensive usage of social media and traditional PR continued to help enable meaningful discussions around Invisalign treatment leading to 53 million impressions from social media platforms just in Q1 alone. While on a smaller scale in Europe, we continue to invest steadily in integrated consumer marketing campaigns in all major direct markets and are taking initial steps towards more significant PR and consumer programs in our Asia Pacific region. We have included more details on our consumer activities in our webcast slides. In combination, these three proven strategic growth drivers are helping to extend growth in our strongest geographies while starting to tap into other meaningful growth opportunities around the world. So now lets talk about how we did in Q1 by showing some customer and geographic highlights starting with North America. For Q1, North America Invisalign was up sequentially from Q4 and up 9% year-over-year despite reduced patient traffic and fewer effective days in office as reported by a significant number of our customers who are affected by severe winter storms across the U.S. and Canada. The sequential increase in Q1 primarily reflects growth from our North American orthodontists, while North American GP dentists were relatively unchanged from Q4. The year-over-year increase reflects expansion of our customer base as well as increased adoption and utilization among North American orthodontists. In the teen market, which makes up the majority of the orthodontic treatments globally, we had a solid quarter and over 26,000 teenagers worldwide began treatment with Invisalign, up slightly from Q4 and consistent with fewer teen case starts that occurred during the winter months. The teen market remains one of the largest growth opportunities for Invisalign over the mid to long term and we continue to invest in enhancing product applicability to increase doctor confidence in teen treatment along with go to market initiatives and sales coverage and consumer programs to drive adoption. For Q1 as anticipated, Invisalign case volume from international doctors in our EMEA Asia Pacific Regions decreased slightly on a sequential basis due to fewer days in the office from winter holidays in Europe, as well as the Lunar New Year period in Asia Pacific. On a year-over-year basis, international volume increased 31%, reflecting strong growth in both EMEA and Asia Pacific driven by go-to-market and sales coverage investments, ever improving clinical education and support, and excitement around new products like Invisalign G5. Taken together, these important steps increase doctor confidence in Invisalign treatment and lead the increased adoption. In the EMEA region, Q1 Invisalign case volume was unchanged from Q4 and increased 24% year-over-year. Growth was driven by strong demand from orthodontists in our core country markets where we saw significant increases in France, Spain and Germany and in the UK where we are seeing continuing signs of recovery. In Q1, Asia Pacific Invisalign case volume decreased slightly sequentially but increased 51% year-over-year with significant growth across all markets. Q1 was another good quarter for our scanner and services segment which was up both sequentially and year-over-year. Momentum we had exiting last year continued into Q1 which resulted in better than expected scanner revenue. Our scanner and services segment continues to benefit from leveraging our combined sales and marketing resources and taking full advantage of Invisalign and industry events such as the Chicago Midwinter Meeting in February. We also further enhanced the functionality and flexibility of our iTero scanner for restorative procedures by announcing connectivity with ENTSPLY Implants Atlantis Custom Abutments which will help deliver a more optimal dental implant patient experience and outcome. In a separate release today, we announced our new iTero 5.2 software upgrade. The iTero 5.2 upgrade is designed to increase practice efficiency and significantly expand the extensive array of iTero features currently available. These enhancements will reduce total Invisalign scan time and a new Vivera pre-bonding feature will allow simulated digital removal of traditional wire and brackets for retention fitting prior to completion of orthodontic treatment. Commercial availability of the iTero 5.2 upgrade will begin in May of 2014. We have included some more details in the iTero software upgrade in our webcast slides alongside this. A continued trend of digital dentistry leads to better back office integration, improved clinical workflows and greater use of intraoral scanning, setting up significant growth opportunities for our scanner business. The iTero scanners proven to be the best intraoral scanner with the greatest utility for customers and Align is well-positioned to benefit from this trend. As of Q1 the percentage of Invisalign cases submitted in North America rose to 30.2% compared to 26.6% in Q4 and 19.4% in Q1 a year ago. We continue to support an open systems approach to digital impressions remain committed to working with other intraoral scanning companies, specifically by a way of enabling interoperability for use with Invisalign treatment. Our ultimate goal is to further build and strengthen the Invisalign franchise and while were pleased to have one of the best scanners in the market with the most utility for our customers, that were also continuing to do everything we can to create additional leverage for our Invisalign business. Its in our strategic best interest to validate and qualify other third-party scanners and while have more news to report to you well be happy to update you. With that Ill now turn the call over to David for review of our Q1 financial results. David?
David White: Thanks, Tom. Before I get into the details, I'd like to note that unless stated otherwise, all the financial information I'll discuss will be presented on a GAAP basis. Also beginning this fiscal year were consolidating some of the additional product and geographic breakdowns that we provide. We will continue to explain the performance of our products and geographies and include commentaries appropriate, however we believe the consolidated view of our quarterly financials is more consistent with disclosures from our respective peer group. With that, let's review our first quarter financial results. Revenue for the first quarter was a record $180.6 million, up 1.3% from the prior quarter and up 17.6% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. First quarter clear aligner revenue was a $168.2 million, was up 1.2% sequentially and up 18.8% year-over-year. Our year-over-year growth reflected higher Invisalign volumes led by our international doctors as well as higher international ASPs. For the first quarter, total Invisalign shipments of 112,200 cases were up approximately 1,000 cases largely due to the factors Tom described earlier. Year-over-year growth of 14.3% was driven by volume growth of our international doctors case shipments as well as continued expansion of our customer base. For North American orthodontists Q1 Invisalign case volume increased 3.9% sequentially and 10.5% year-over-year. For North American GP Dentists Q1 Invisalign case volume decreased 1% sequentially and increased 7.4% year-over-year. For international doctors Invisalign case volume decreased 1% sequentially for seasonal factors however increased 31.2% year-over-year. We continue to focus on training new Invisalign providers worldwide and in Q1, we added 630 new North American doctors and 1,255 new international doctors for a total of 1,885 new Invisalign doctors. While the number of Invisalign doctors trained in Q1 was down sequentially because of fewer training courses offered in Q1 it was up 9% year-over-year. Total Invisalign utilization for Q1 was 4.3 cases per doctor flat with the same period last year and slightly down from 4.4 cases per doctor in Q4. First quarter revenue for our scanner and services segment was $12.4 million, a 2.8% sequential increase over the fourth quarter reflecting continued penetration in market share gains. On a year-over-year basis, our scanner and services segment increased 3.3%, reflecting a 46.5% increase in scanner volume which was offset somewhat by price and the affect of an iTero scanner upgrade program which benefited last year's first quarter results by $1.4 million. Moving on to gross margin. First quarter overall, gross margin was 76%, down sequentially half a point and up 2.5% points year-over-year. Clear aligner gross margin for the first quarter was 79.1%, down slightly sequentially and up 1.9 points year-over-year. The year-over-year increase was primarily the result of higher ASPs and lower inventory reserves as we transitioned to our new SmartTrack material in Q1 a year ago. Q1 gross margin for our scanner segment was 33.6%, up 2.5 points sequentially and up 4.3 points year-over-year. Q1, operating expenses were $95.4 million. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were up $11.9 million due primarily to increased employee compensation expense related to our annual employee performance review process which includes salary increases and promotions as well as annual stock [ramps]. Q1 also includes the benefit of approximately $600,000 from discontinuing the accrual for our medical device excise tax, which I'll explain shortly when I discuss our outlook for Q2. On a year-over-year basis, Q1, operating expenses were up $11.5 million year-over-year, when compared to our non-GAAP operating expenses a year ago, primarily [into dental] growth of the business as well as headcount additions. Our first quarter operating margin was 23.1% down 6.6 points sequentially and up 4.3 points when compared to non-GAAP operating margins reported last year and direct related to our higher volumes and gross margins as I just described. With regards to our first quarter tax provision our tax rate was 23.5%. First quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.39 compared to $0.51 reported in Q4 and compared to a non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.26 reported in the same quarter last year. Moving onto the balance sheet. The first quarter accounts receivable balance is $126.2 million up approximately 11.4% sequentially. Our overall DSO was 63 days, a six day increase sequentially mainly due to a slower start for the quarter, and was down one day over the same period a year ago. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $5 million. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $18 million and free cash flow for the first quarter defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures amounted to $13 million. Cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities including both short and long term investments were $505 million this compared $472 million at the end of 2013 an increase of $33 million. We also announce today our commitment to return $300 million to shareholders over the next three years through a share repurchase program. As part of this plan we intend to purchase approximately $100 million of shares over the next 12 months. Our strong balance sheet and healthy cash flow position affords us the opportunity to continue investing in our strategic growth drivers, while simultaneously returning cash to our shareholders through a share repurchase program, this program will also help offset dilution from our employee equity plans. Our management team and Board of Directors believe that our business represents an attractive investment opportunity for both current and potential investors and the repurchase programs demonstrates the companys ongoing commitment to increasing shareholder value. Before I comment on the outlook for the second quarter, let me come back to the earlier comment I made with regards to medical device excise taxes. Well in advance of the implementation of the medical device tax in January of last year and on an ongoing basis since then we have consulted with advisers and held extensive discussions with the IRS on the subject of the medical device tax and its application at Align. In March of this year the IRS informed us that it was now their position that our clear aligner business qualifies for a full tax exemption. As a result we stop paying and accruing medical device taxes in our clear aligner business in March. As I indicated previously this benefited the quarter by approximately $600,000. On an ongoing basis it will amount to a savings of approximately $1.8 million per quarter based on our current clear aligner revenue levels. Our second quarter guidance which I will get to momentarily reflects this. While we didnt have the benefit of this news in January when we gave directional comments for 2014 we had anticipated some incremental benefit from the medical device tax. Accordingly we continue to believe our operating margin for 2014 should be consistent with 2013 actual results and not view this new information as an update to those aspirations. Lets now turn to our business outlook for the second quarter and the factors that inform our view. Q2 is seasonally a busier quarter for our international doctors and we anticipate Invisalign case shipments to increase sequentially from Q1. Our North American doctors report improving patient traffic flow in their office and an increase in new patients consults. Therefore we expect Invisalign case shipments in North America to be up from Q1 as well. For our scanner business, we had a good start for the year and we anticipate building on this momentum in Q2. With this is a backdrop, we expect the second quarter to shape up as follows. Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 116.500 to 119.500 cases. We expect net revenue to be in the range of $181.7 million to $186.5 million. We expect gross margin to be in the range of 74.6% to 75.2%. The sequential decrease from Q1 primarily reflects higher training cost revenues and costs which carry lower gross margins. We expect operating expenses to be in the range of $96.8 to $98.7 million. This sequential increase reflects greater TV media spend as we get in front of the teenage summer rush, continued international investment and our participation in a number of customer events including the upcoming AAO meeting in May and our first ever Asia Pacific Summit in June, offset by lower medical device taxes as previously discussed. Our operating margin should be in the range of 21.3% to 22.4%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 23.0%. And diluted shares outstanding to be approximately $83.6 million excluding any stock repurchases during the quarter. Taking together, we expect EPS to be in the range of $0.36 to $0.39. With that Ill now turn the call back over to Tom for closing comments.
Tom Prescott: Thanks David. Were pleased to have 2014 started off with these solid results. The Align team continues to execute well against both strategic and financial objectives as we work to extend the growth of our Invisalign franchise and begin to create greater leverage from our scanner business. Based on continued solid operating results and progress towards our long-term strategic objectives, our Board of Directors has authorized a $300 million share repurchase program, which David described earlier. We believe returning excess cash to shareholders, beyond what we need to invest in the business is the right thing to do. Over the next month or two, much of the Align management team will be with customers at the AAO meeting in New Orleans later this week to see thousands of orthodontists from North America and across the world. And we're also going to be in Singapore in June for our first ever APAC Summit, which will be a sold out event with over 400 key customers from Asia Pacific. In addition, we are very much looking forward to spending time with our investors during upcoming conferences including our Analysts meeting on May 29th in New York. I will provide a more comprehensive view of our strategy and why we believe Aligns best days are still ahead. With that Ill say thank you for your time today and turn the call back to the operator for some questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Ravi Fadah - William Blair:  Hi, good afternoon guys. Its actually Ravi Fadah in for John.
Tom Prescott:  Hey Ravi.
Ravi Fadah - William Blair: Congrats on the great quarter. And just wanted to start with the question on the second quarter guidance, it looks like that first quarter came in a little bit better than expected weather didnt seem to be an issue and the slow start that you had talked about last quarter, you seem to be able to push through those pretty well. Yet the second quarter guidance seems like its a little bit more conservative relative to our expectations than, at least relative to our expectations. What is driving your thought process that would prevent it from being a significant step up from Q1?
Tom Prescott: Ravi, I'll start maybe from a qualitative perspective and let David come back and comment more quantitatively. In this case, we think is the net activity level, the patient traffic that did have some impact in North America. And while I think most of those appointments probably got reschedule, they took a little time to do that. That showed up a little bit more on the GP side and the ortho side. And some of that softness will play into Q2 shipments, especially with the earlier part of March that those would normally that volume growth would have seen is differed a bit. As we certainly ended the quarter, we had very strong robust pipeline and doctors are reporting, patients are in and offices are full and all those dynamics are good. But clearly, there is a month or two hit them is through the quarter that was tough. So, qualitatively that's the biggest part of the shift into the first part of Q2. I'll let David add to it, if he wants to add some color.
David White: Yes. The only thing I guess I would add is, when we put our guidance together we look at seasonality trends over the last three or four years the company has experienced. We look at information that we get from the field in terms of demand we're seeing from individual doctors and so forth. And we use all that to try and form our guidance. If you look at our historical seasonality and you look at how much we're projecting -- if you look at our guidance today and how much has the percentage increase our growth year-over-year. It is slightly down from where our three, four year average has been, but its not significantly. And so those factors that Tom just inferred, planning to cause to be tempered a little bit for the second quarter than what might historically been otherwise.
Ravi Fadah - William Blair: Got it, thats helpful. And what you see the patient traffic trends right now looking like and do you see them improving, did you see them in March and April structure get a little bit better?
Tom Prescott: Well, in certainly March, well stop with March. Definitely a significant rebound and I think the cascade of what weather caused surprise our customers a little bit and they went to an offline reschedule churn. Our customers pretty much across the board are reporting full offices and busy practices and if anything thats sharpen their appetite to get back to growing their practice I think chunk of the industry had a softer start, which for our customers means lower cash received months and they dont like that. So, in general we think things are healthy, but I will come back with comment earlier. With all that happening, we are seeing a pretty big sequential increase Q1 and Q2 and thats implied in our guidance. So, we are pretty comfortable direction of business is going, but its still pretty big step up for Q2.
Ravi Fadah - William Blair: Great, thanks very much, guys.
Tom Prescott: Sure Ravi.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Block - Stifel: Great and good afternoon guys. The first question is actually just on the Express cases. If I look at full versus express I think you are giving us, David as you mentioned a little less granularity than in the past, but Express cases were up roughly 5% year-over-year. In 2013 express was up 35%, so clearly you had a more difficult comp. Can you sort of talk to what might be going on specific to the Express cases? is it just a tough comp thing and now Express 5 is two years removed or are some of these wires and brackets guys we have heard the environment there is street fight. Are they starting to throw some clear aligners into try to get some of the wire and bracket share? Thanks.
Tom Prescott:  Let me take this in a couple of ways. One, probably the biggest factor that makes the comp issue tougher is we were really driving for initial trial with Express 5 you go back a year even two years and we were trying to go as wide as we could to get initial trial, we arent doing those promos anymore. We got trial, it actually has been pretty sticky in the practices. We targeted for Express 5 with a more experienced customer that knew what they could move in five stages. I think there is noise and I think at the low-end more on the GP side there is a lot of labs providing these we spoke about this in the context of thinking about the realigned product and working out through a new channel with Henry Schein. And so I think there is some noise out there. The competitive environment is I think roughly the same and we dont see what I would call really incredible technology base products at the low-end or at the high-end other than what you are aware of. So, the bigger factor is with Express are two; one, that comp issue from prior promotions driven kind of volumes which worked we got a good test and trial and adoption although it came to stay just lower? And then secondly and in some ways better than our original expectations for growth unfold cases as our applicability gets wider both in North America and especially outside North America with the greater complexity cases they are treating. And with 51% growth in volume in Asia year-over-year those are just about all full cases. So I think in some ways its a wonderful problem. On a percentage basis, Express is certainly growing lower but high quality problem.
Jon Block - Stifel: Okay. That was very helpful, Tom. And maybe just two more quick ones. David, its hard to do the implied math on the ASP that youre laying out for 2Q because youre giving us a little less on non-case and scanner. But just looking at your case volumes at the low end and your revenues at the low end and thinking like $22 million comes from other and scanner. It seems like youre walking down the implied ASP from 1,400 to 1,405 this quarter to maybe like 1,360, 1,370, can you talk to that? Because again as Tom just mentioned, a lot of the growth is coming from these four cases. So, why would we see a step down in ASP that dramatically sequentially?
David White: Well, good question. I think a lot of that, John, has to do with our estimations as to the effects of mix in the next quarter. And when we think about mix, Tom is talking about geographically Asia Pac being strong and so forth. So, when we think about Q2, were anticipating a bigger rebound on North America, given the softness it started out with. And thats why we do some of the simpler cases. And actually when you think about it, thats where we do a large percentage of the Express types of cases. So as North America rebounds, it tends to lower that ASP quarter-over-quarter as a result.
Tom Prescott: And Ill jump in on top of that. The second part that North America trend, we see the pipeline activity goes directly to Advantage program for top doctors. Because of the softer market environment and dynamics in Q1, number of doctors, even big orthos fell short of what their expectations were, and maybe I think its a pricing. We had a lot of GPs that didnt deliver volume and didnt get the kind of pricing. Its not the way we want to higher ASP when our customers dont do the volume they or we expected but its a fact. So as we project greater activity, greater volumes from these committed customers, thats a direct relationship to ASP. Those two factors together kind of make up the difference.
Jon Block - Stifel:  Okay. And last one if I could just quickly ask. You clearly brought on a lot of sales reps in North America last year and I think it was maybe about this time last year, yet were seeing a decel in North American cases. Its a messy quarter from a weather perspective et cetera, but can you just talk at a high level, are these guys taking longer to get ramped up, are we seeing a little bit of the law of diminishing returns in the last 40 reps you brought on, how are those sales reps performing in the field over the past 9 months? Thanks guys.
Tom Prescott:  Sure, its an easy one. We think actually the team is performing very, very well. And were certainly one of the first to go out in our space of dentistry but I think the market is going to, at least the direct sell-through, not through distribution where there is a buffering effect for timing, I think the direct sale companies in general are all going to be looking at little bit softer period in North America, offset to some extent by Europe or Asia growing. Our team is doing great, we still believe were very -- we know were very underpenetrated. We believe there is still opportunities to feather in more sales coverage and we will do that over time. If its significant enough to talk about in numbers, well do as weve done before and describe that. But I think the deceleration you are describing, once we normalized for all the factors in our business including the APAC distributor, I think our core growth rates continue to be about 16%. And thats even off of a very big base. Thats not across the world equivalently, but our biggest market coverage is still North America. The team is doing very, very well there. So this is not a perfectly linear business and certainly isnt perfect. But I think were on the right track here and we got a lot of confidence in the team.
Jon Block - Stifel:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Yes, thanks and good evening. Tom, I just wanted to kind of follow up, and David I just want to follow up on the guidance for 2Q. It kind of sounds like you are assuming that patient traffic is picking and you are sort of model the case shipment and you model the revenues that way. But David if I heard you correctly in your prepared remarks, you are suggesting that gross margins would be down sequentially as well as operating profit margins would be down sequentially. And I guess maybe I understand the gross margins a little bit, if its a mix or ASP issue but could you elaborate a little bit more on why the margins step down so much in 2Q?
David White: Well, couple of things. When we think about Q2 and I thought initially, you were going to talk about Q1. But if you look at the quarter, Q1 was 76%, it was gross margin for the total company. And our guidance, the middle of our guidance is somewhere around 75% or so. So, its down about a point. Some of that is due to the fact that Q2, we typically see a pickup in revenues and costs associated with training activities and those training activities typically we price and so forth at very, very de minimis margin. And so the effect of that increase of -- in the non-case revenue associated with training that picking up quarter over quarter, it tends to bring the overall gross margins down. And thats the principal reason between Q1 and Q2. On the operating margin side, our operating expenses, we did guide up a little bit quarter over quarter. Some of that is due to the fact that our Q2 is typically a heavy promotional period for us, particularly as we get ready for the summer season for teens and so forth. We have a number of promotions that we typically begin in the second quarter and a number of media campaigns that get kicked off in the second quarter in advance of that summer season. And so you see a little bit of pick up in our expenses associated with that. And as we have also talked about throughout this year, we are investing in what we call the number of global strategic imperatives which Tom talked about in his prepared remarks and so forth. The largest component of that has to do with market expansion. And some of thats geographic coverage expansions, some of that is territory coverage increases and so forth, so that also tends to be a little bit of the reason for the pick-up in operating expenses.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Okay, thats helpful. Thanks so much. And Tom, maybe if I could just sort of follow up, obviously we got the news from the ITC into quarter here and obviously that was good news for you guys. Could you maybe elaborate, maybe a little bit more on kind of where the company goes from here, where that situation stands? And as you kind of give the situation in ClearCorrect, I mean do you think its an opportunity for your sales force to go after and start to try to sign those doctors up and start to take that market share, and how do you think about the competitive landscape at this point, is there anything else beyond ClearCorrect thats kind of on your periphery that youre paying attention to?
Tom Prescott: Well, if there is a place where we can be both confident in our strategy and (inaudible) get out, thats kind of where we live. We assume everybody wants into this market and are working very hard to do so. There is no other competitive dynamics other than what I commented on a moment ago. And our best strategy forward to deal with that is to innovate like crazy, keep bringing better value to our customers and make the product work better and better. Our goal long term is standard of care. So, I would really not comment specifically, I think the process is still kind of in final stages of working out. I do have Roger George here with us and whatever he wants to comment on from a practical perspective next steps ClearCorrect ITC specific, Roger please maybe do so.
Roger George:  Sure. Well why dont I do it this way, with Toms comments to your question, would you like to refine the question at all that I might respond to?
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: I am not sure how Id refine. I mean basically, I mean is there any sort of injunctions placed against ClearCorrect I mean will they be out of the market soon, and I am guessing really just trying to understand if you all believe that its an opportunity to ultimately take that market share at some point in the foreseeable future.
Roger George:  So, let me start with that point, our sales force has been pretty aware for quite some time that we dont really share any customers ClearCorrect, we dont really have any customers who are Invisalign providers who are also doing cases with ClearCorrect. And in a lot of cases or in a lot of the instances, doctors who are doing cases with ClearCorrect are those who are not invited to do cases with us any more for various reasons. The order that was issued by the International Trade Commission is a cease-and-desist order saying that ClearCorrect has to stop importing goods meaning their software digital treatment plans that infringe our patents and that they have got to stop producing aligners with that stuff. Now you know that they have responded that the cease-and-desist order doesnt their change their life and that its still business for usual as them. I dont how know how you can read a very long detailed order saying cease-and-desist from the federal government that they have got to stop. But thats the position they are taking. So, they intend to appeal various parts of that order and we intend to move forward based on what the order says and we will be going back to patent litigation in Texas to take up the damages part of our case.
Tom Prescott: Hey Glen if I could just maybe finish the thought off here. We have said before we didnt feel that much of the headwind from them and we dont think there is a much of a tailwind. We obviously love to grow our customer base with doctors that believe in clear aligner treatment and over time well work on doing that. But in terms of a shared customer base or big opportunity, thats not the way were thinking about this one.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks so much.
Tom Prescott: Sure. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: Thanks for the questions. Just looking at the ASPs and specifically the international ASPs, again expanded significantly year-over-year but I imagine that obviously is related to the switch in 2013 to direct distribution. If I look at that international ASP sequentially it seems like a little bit more of a steady state forming there. And Tom I know you mentioned bringing a few other countries or if I should say going direct in a few other countries. How should we think about the ASP on international? Is what weve seen in the last two quarters a starting to solidify into a more normalized run rate?
Tom Prescott: Short answer is yes, notwithstanding FX, notwithstanding some other things we might do. I think there is a clearer mix shift in Europe, in Asia towards full cases because of the greater complexity in (inaudible). And then secondly there is a bit of a price premium in each of those markets over North American pricing that is persisted. With that said, once we get passed May 1, the comp will be cleaner, the read-through will be cleaner relative to ASP versus volume, but I mean even with Asia volume up 51% what thats done for our net ASPs there. So I think it is stabilizing, but I would say given that growth outside North America has been significantly faster than in, I think to the extent ASP holds to the extent that we're able to get more complex cases with widening applicability things like deep bite and more then I think it does buffer us against some mix shift, the low end here in North America, it does buffer us a little against the negative effects of FX if and when that comes, but the trend in general is just as you described.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Thats helpful. Now I guess just on, iTero, if I could sneak some in on the scanner side, [news was] they have been pretty positive, but if I look at unit growth for 46.5% year-over-year versus sales growth, just I guess any inside you can give us on discounts and promotions, trade ups and then is there a different way we should be thinking about unit versus revenue growth going forward?
Tom Prescott: May be David and I can tag team a little bit. Ill just say in general, the markets gotten more competitive. We have met that competitive we have a very premium scanner and we are not the lowest priced unit, but just about a year ago, we basically made a decision to simplify pricing and reduce pricing and thats been rewarded. So in general volume has grown faster than revenue if you look at a year-over-year basis, but we're confident overtime, we could make this a profitable and increasingly valuable part of franchise. David if you want to add color there please.
David White: Yes. Once again when you kind of drill down a little bit, certainly volumes are up I think in my prepared comments of something north of 40% year-over-year in volumes, there are two things from a revenue standpoint, when you look at it year-over-year, one of which is the fact that a year ago we had a special promotion going on for iTero, for upgrades, as we released the new version. And when you normalize for that, you see well that was a -- that had the effect of increasing revenues last year.
Tom Prescott: In the volume of scanners.
David White: And the volume of scanners is I said up about 46% or so. So, ASPs are at this point a pretty stable. We took some pricing actions when we announced the new iTero scanner about a year ago, pricing has been pretty stable over the past year. And I think going forward, I think we'll see a pretty normalized rate of business as it continues to grow and we continue to see adoption of the product.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: That makes a lot of sense. And then just the other one on the scanner, obviously looking at impressive chart hereof digitally submitted Invisalign cases and I think you probably get this question every quarter Tom. But any progress other than the current scanners out there in the market that can submit Invisalign cases digitally, any progress on some of the other larger installed bases and any ability to work with them?
Tom Prescott: Well, I was as clear [in a word] as I could be in my comment and they stand for themselves. But the reality is it's not to reveal and every scanner is different. And in effect we're releasing a new factory floor technology as a front end of a process. And any other party would have to be very certain there to work well. And that's what we're after. So when there is news there, we'll be happy to report it. And we expect it would make our customers even happier and overtime build greater strategic advance for the Invisalign franchise. So, it is a priority, I think it's in our interest to do so and I'll stop there.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks for the questions.
Tom Prescott: Sure. Thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Bob. Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions.
Tom Prescott: Hi Steve.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: Hey everybody. One is for David and one for Tom. David, I wonder if you could even qualitatively walk us through the margin profile over the balance of the year. There has been a lot of focus on the first quarter and the guide for the second quarter, but youve given us a perspective on 2014 in totality. Can you remind us what the key levers we should be thinking about over the balance of the year; any perspective if you have it on how operating expense growth might trend will be very helpful? And then Tom for you, I wonder if you could without stealing all the thunder comment on the Analyst Day thats coming up. Its not something you do every year, this is the first, I want to say in about four years. So, why now and what should be we focusing on? Thanks everyone?
Tom Prescott: Ill let David go first (inaudible) happy to comment.
David White: Okay. So Steve, on our gross margin profile, I am going to focus my comments primarily on Invisalign side of our business since that pretty much dominates our overall margin profile as a company. When you look at Invisalign and you look at our margin profile and so forth, its perhaps most heavily influenced by really a couple of factors. One is, is product mix, which drives ASP. And when I talk about product mix, I probably should drill down a little bit more, really more from the standpoint of geographic mix. And so as we seen our international business continue to grow at faster rates in North America that is have the effective lifting ASPs overall for the company and as we lift those ASPs that has the effect of lifting our gross margins overall at the same time. On the cost side, our cost model is largely today benefits from high utilization in the factory, high volumes. And as we continue to grow the business, we continue to benefit from better absorption of fixed overhead in the factories which drive down cost on a per case basis. So, as we think about going out over the next year or so with those trends continue, our business continues to grow as we would expect and as our international business continues to increase as a percentage of the total mix with the company than our expectation would be that our margin should see some uplift, our gross margin see some uplift to them. Now I temper that a little bit from the standpoint that when you look at our business model that weve guided overall from a long-term standpoint, weve set our overall gross margin business model somewhere in the 73% to 78% range and we are consistently operating well within that if not at the high side of that. So, I wouldnt want you to get too far over weve already guided from that perspective, but those are the drivers that have perhaps the most influence on gross margin. From an OpEx standpoint, in January we talked a lot about some of the investments that we are making as a company and how those investments were a part of a consorted effort on our part to balance our growth profile for the year and for the long-term relative to and the investments it would take to drive that relative to what our operating margins as a company might be. And the direction we have given really for this year is our aspirations would be to achieve the same type of operating margin performance in 2014 as what we did in 2013.
Tom Prescott:  If I can pile on just to finish that one off a little bit with a hammer, this year is a little bit like last year in some ways where our investment framework is more front-end loaded for the year, headcount expansions, key initiatives, some step up in consumer spend versus a year ago we were still developing new adds, we launched in May, were out in market within Q1, Q2 with a little more consumer, fully loaded headcount in place versus maybe partial year last year. So, and in parallel with that in Q1 we had a little bit of volume challenge. We had some headwinds in terms of certainly North America market. All those things add up and a little less momentum going into Q2 for volume all those things add up to say little more pressure on operating margin what David described is getting back towards an operating margin profile roughly compared to last year, which means a pretty big lift in the second half, but we believe the pieces are in place to go do that. And as much as weve showed last year, we believe when those come together we can demonstrate that progress. And then quarter-to-quarter hope to over perform the kind of numbers David was pointing to. So, hopefully that takes care of the model and you want to shift briefly to the Analyst Day?
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: Absolutely.
Tom Prescott: Perfect. All right, so yes it has been a while, I think 3, 3.5 years. And there is a reason for that; weve kind of had our heads down for a couple of years executing like crazy. We believe weve really changed the state of the enterprise in many, many ways. One of those is visible in product and market impact in growth in the financial progress were making. And there is other ways that most of our owners having a chance to meet the number of the senior management team. Weve got incredibly talented group of folks here and I think this provides and affords our owners an opportunity to get them know them to hear from them about our markets, our geographies, our technology evolving and how were going to scale the business. And so, Id say I believe Thursday the 29th of May were looking forward to spend the better part of the half a day together. And hopefully youll take away what we believe which is great excitement about where we are today, but even more about what the future looks like and thats well focus lot on strategy evolution there.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: Thanks so much everyone.
Tom Prescott: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Tom Prescott:  Hey Brandon.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies:  Tom or David, I think if you could quantify the mix of Asian Invisalign cases as a percent of total or is the percent of the international business? And then could you give us an update around uptake in China and thats performing relative to your internal plan?
Tom Prescott: So without giving numbers because we havent broken out that detailed level, the very substantial majority of all of our volume outside North America is full of cases. There are fewer teen cases treated as many of the countries in Europe where we have a little more maturity have state plants basically free for brackets and wires. We are getting teen cases, thats going nicely but its on a pretty small base. The bulk of what gets treated are full and mostly adult cases today. And so Ill leave that there. China is going game busters as is Japan, as our some other geographies. And the team has big ideas about how we can make that a very big business. And youll start to see that showing up just year-over-year in volume, which then you can tell there is leverage on the revenue side. So, we're right on track with our very aggressive game plans and the team is working like the [dickens] to continue that.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies: Thanks. And one more Tom, with respect to the new ClinCheck software, the enhanced functionality seems pretty significant in terms of what the practitioners are able to do themselves. Do you perceive that as a case volume driver? And if you could elaborate on what some of the early feedback has been that would be helpful?
Tom Prescott:  Well, and again our highest volume customers who treat the most cases and a lot of most complex cases, sometimes do the most ClinCheck cycle just to get it perfect before they press go. And this really reduces those cycles when they are getting close, but instead of sending it back to their, even a treat technician that knows their human approach very well and describing a little lateral movement or a little rotation of two or three teeth. They can actually move that and it's a virtual model that actually moves and shows collisions and then they can send it in and teeth that goes Ah, I got it. It might as some of our doctors tell us, it might cut through one, two or three treatment cycles and communication while they are close. And so we think yes, the output is greater adoption and getting a bigger share of their practice. But it starts with having the customer get what they want more quickly and having that customer experience to be better. More precision, it gives them more confidence in the treatment and it reduces absolute factor of it. So, all those things are in the side of good and we're getting a lot of positive feedback from our doctors, most of them are more experienced, many of them are orthodontists about, boy this is just what I wanted, Ive been waiting for this for a long time. Thank you.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies: Perfect. Thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Brandon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Thanks guys. A lot of my questions have been answered, but let me just through a couple of more out there. One Tom on the international ASP and kind of following up on Jon's question and I think another one we had as well. I think last quarter you talked about kind of the shift going away from i7, away from Express 5 and then up to Express 10 and i14 and that being one of the drivers along with just playing the international mix of kind of slow steady rise in ASPs going forward. Yet to Jon's point on one of your earlier questions, it looks like your implied guidance is for ASP is to be down sequentially, at least in the second quarter. So, I'm just trying to reconcile those two. Should I think about kind of that slow steady ASP rise being more of a long-term guidance, but there is going to be some volatility from quarter-to-quarter just based on mix or how should I think about that?
David White: Yes. This is David. I think you just hit it right there. I mean from quarter-to-quarter, there is seasonality in our business, different seasonality in Asia versus Europe versus North America and that tends to influence geographic mix, which will affect ASPs. I think when we talk about our ASP trend overtime and a mixed shift towards international business where there is a much heavier concentration on complex cases and that is driving ASPs, thats more of a long-term type of trend as we see it today. And so you shouldnt take our guidance as necessarily being anything that would be indicative of a change in that trend and our expectations.
Tom Prescott: Go ahead, Im sorry.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: No, please Tom, go ahead.
Tom Prescott: I was just going to say reiterating, our expectations are that our North American doctors will be busier, many of that, much of that volume comes through our advantaged customers and we want them to deliver that volume and get that discount that will directly relate to ASP in North America, which tends to skew that down a little bit.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Yes. Okay. Thats helpful. And then David just two quick follow-ups; one, in the absence of share repurchases this year, what would you expect, the share count has been fairly stable here over the last couple of years, but stock price is up quite a bit. Would you expect absent share repurchases share count to trend up this year? And then a second one just technically can you tell me why you are not subject to the MedTech tax any longer, Im trying to figure out if there is any derivative recruiting in my other companies?
David White: So, the way I would look at it as it relates to share count is I think that the guidance we gave for Q2 is 83.6 million shares. One of the things that obviously increases that is going to be stock options as they vest, which we pretty much dont grab into longer, but we still have a tail of those that are still cycling through the final vesting on those. And then we have employee RSUs. So, if I was modeling and I would just simply look at what our historical uptick has been quarter-over-quarter and assume that and apply that to basically the guidance we gave is that related to Q2 for shares outstanding.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Okay.
David White: As it relates to the medical device tax, its a little bit more complex but let me see if I can make it really simple. Our business is a little bit unique relative to many other companies in our space. We sell directly to doctors, we dont sell through wholesale channels and so forth. And so, a year or plus ago when we were evaluating the applicability of the medical device tax to the company and so forth with the advice of outside consultants and so forth and given that this is a very new law that was still subject to some interpretation, our assessment at that time was that our company would most likely be fall under the ruling and we would have to pay medical device taxes. Now, we -- during that course of that year that evaluation was on a number of subjective criteria that is outlined in the law. So over the course of the last year, we have had a number of dialogs with the IRS. And in the course of that and in the course re-reviewing our case and how those subjective guidelines apply to us, the IRS informed us in March that they believe that we should be exempt from the medical device tax and based on that subjective criteria and how they apply to our business. And so that effectively we have stopped accruing for the taxes effective in March.
Tom Prescott:  And I just want to say here, we dont think this is a cookie cutter. I would urge you not to make assumptions that another business or model might apply. Ill say our team has done good work, its not quite finished yet in terms of an overall process. But as we finish this off and have more to disclose under this, there will be a little more information. But again, this is -- youre hearing it at real time, there are [timing] implications and accrual implications which is why were dealing with it as a Q1 issue and a Q2 guidance matter.
David White: Yes. And just to pile on to Toms comment, it is a case-by-case assessment and so our case facts are going to be different from almost any other company you would look at. And so, I dont think you can rinse and repeat necessarily what weve applied here.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just two quick follow-ups I guess on that there is no catch up provision or anything where you can go back and capture device tax you paid over the last 4.5 quarters, anything like that?
David White: So a good question. I think the answer to that is yes. Weve historically paid about $8.3 million between 2013 and the first two months of this calendar year. Weve applied for refund for that. The refund however though is processed through a separate division of the IRS, obviously they talk to one another but that separate division has to go through audit and approve it. That audit has not been completed. When it does, we would expect the answer to come back that we would get a full refund.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: And lastly, yes.
Tom Prescott: Just to be really clear, we cant project that, it is in process and there is nothing more than what you just heard, can we do anything with so.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: No, understood. And just so I am doing the math right thats about 100 basis points per quarter going forward here of margin benefit I guess relative to how we had set our model up?
David White: Its about $1.5 million to $2 million of expense a quarter.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: It comes out of cost
Tom Prescott: At our current revenue run rates.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Yes, right. Understood. Thanks guys.
Tom Prescott: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Lewis at the Roth Capital Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the questions.
Tom Prescott:  Hey Chris.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners: I just wanted to go back on the volume guidance for the second quarter at 11% year-over-year. Thats still healthy double-digit growth but a slight pull back versus I guess the 14% this quarter and kind of that high teen to low 20% range in the second half of last year. So understand weather played a factor there with delaying some cases and possibly pushing out some of those shipments and time the revenue is recognized, but I guess Tom beyond the weather, are there any other factors or some of the market challenges that you would mention thats contributing to that volume outlook in the second quarter?
Tom Prescott: Chris, I think its, the look at the business its actually pretty clean. I think if I take a rough -- if I norm for a lot of factors that have impacted revenue and volume, our growth as a company is somewhere in the neighborhood of 16% through all the different factors that have been puts and takes over last year two volume, revenue, et cetera. Q2 guidance is impacted by an improving March receipts, which means improving April shipments, but we werent at the rate we wanted to be. If we had be running for all of March out of receipts level, we would be a little bit more bullish in our guidance and so figure that 30-day lapse. The business has responded -- were really comfortable with our pipeline but all that is factored into our Q2. So yes, were -- its a little underwhelming, but its going the right direction. And we believe were still getting get to a place for the year where were going to have another really terrific year and putting us in broader context, the orthodontic market is probably growing in mid single-digits maybe in a good year 6%, in a bad year 3% to 5%. Were growing in almost every market 2 to 3 to 4x that rate. And so, our view is as long as were doing that, whatever the absolute number quarter to quarter is, were less worried about it. The contrary would be true if we thought there are some new fundamental competitive dynamic or something going on in the market, we dont see any of those factors. The business is actually doing great. Were going to AAO this week to see thousands of our orthodontics customers. And I think were very bullish about the business, both Id say near and mid-term as well as the long-term.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners: Great, thanks for the color there. On the deep bite G5, I know its still relatively early, but it sounds like you saw lot of excitement with the G5 launch events you talked about. Maybe you can just provide some more feedback you have seen from those customers and the reception so far in the field?
Tom Prescott: Sure. I think, the first thing is weve seen the use of the deep bit features go up significantly, its very early where we have doctors that were already treating some deep bite, they are jumping right on it. Because bite ramps and some other features make it easier for them to actually do those treatments. Where we have doctors that hadnt done deep bite before, its a more, let me try 2 or 3 cases and see how it evolves. And were 7 weeks since release, and you would have had to have deep bite case kind of in process. So, were very early in terms of those doctors that were not doing deep bite with clear aligners. But were getting very good feedback from them. And were approaching a point at quarter end 3, 6, 9 months in, were really going to see the acceleration of those cases. And then we believe thats what really impacts utilization growth in that area. a lot of the doctors in Europe that were treating deep bite are really excited about this. And were seeing same thing happen there, a little bit of a lag in Asia, as they really are more -- they are treating extraction cases more in general. But again seven weeks in since release, since launch, we have a whole bunch of internal metric use, they are all green, and we got a lot to learn in the months and quarters ahead, but some of these hard deep bite cases are a year and a half to sometimes two years long. And so we are going to be learning as we go through the next 6 to 12 months about how the product is evolving and we will make improvements as we go long, but all good so far.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners: If I could just kick take one more in. On R&D line, it looks like expense jumped out quite a bit there over the fourth quarter and first quarter of last year, so maybe just walk us through the reasons behind that increase?
Tom Prescott: We have some headcount expansions, we have programs spending in a couple of important areas. What I would say in general when we come back at analyst day and start talking about IP, we are inventing more things, we are writing more disclosures, we are filing for more patents, all those factors were being, were very active in terms of technology with large R&D specifically and clinical research and some other areas that are going on. So I think youll have a chance to meet our Head of R&D at the analyst day Zelko Relic and as well as our marketing leader and talk about how we see the pipeline evolving, what is possible in the future state, and this is the money we are investing to do those things.
David White: Yes. Chris, I would just add to that reinforce I guess the comments I made earlier a bit. As you look at broadly speaking, our expenses went up from Q4 to Q1 for a number of things. Q4 was artificially lower because of some core features we had of stock, which gave us a credit for stock compensation expense. And then Q1 as we start on security taxes and we have our annual [focal] process for employee compensation et cetera. And so generally speaking those are the largest drivers quarter-over-quarter and coupled with the comment Tom just made as it relates to some of our strategic growth drivers that we are also investing in.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners: Okay, congrats on the quarter.
Tom Prescott:  Thanks very much Chris.
Shirley Stacy:  Well thank you everyone. This concludes our conference call today. We look forward to seeing at upcoming financial conferences, industry meetings of course our Analyst Meeting in New York on May 29. If you havent already, please register for the Analyst Meeting. The link to the registration is on our earnings press release that we issued today or if you need any more information, please contract Investor Relations. Have a great day. Bye, bye.
Operator:  Thank you. This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy Thomas M. Prescott - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David L. White - Chief Financial Officer Roger E. George - Vice President of Legal & Corporate Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: Jeremy Feffer - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Align Technology Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Ended 2013 Financial Results Conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me today for the call is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and David White, CFO. We issued fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 financial results today via Marketwire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m., Eastern time, through 5:30 p.m. Eastern time on February 7. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial (877) 660-6853 with conference number 13573937, followed by #. International callers should dial (201) 612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the first quarter and fiscal year 2014. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During today's conference call, we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis to aid comparisons between our current and historical financial results. These items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and the reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures, are contained in today's financial results press release, which we have posted on our website under Financial Releases and have been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. We've also posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, and our fourth quarter conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. On the call today, I'll provide some highlights from our fourth quarter and briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Invisalign clear aligners, or our aligner segment, and iTero Scanner and CAD/CAM services, our scanner segment, including some color on our orthodontist and GP Dentist customers as well as our geographies around the world. David will then share more detail on our fourth quarter and full year financials and discuss our outlook for the first quarter and broader view into how we see 2014 shaping up. I'll then come back and summarize a few key points and open the call up to your questions. The fourth quarter was a solid finish to the year for Align, and we're pleased to have delivered better-than-expected revenue, operating margins and earnings, driven by strong Invisalign growth from our international doctors in Europe and Asia Pacific. North American Invisalign case shipments were sequentially flat. However, Invisalign case receipts were softer than expected in December as many orthodontists and GP Dentist practices had fewer days in office due to the timing of the 4 major holidays between Thanksgiving and New Year's Day. However, January receipts are improving, and it appears that doctors and their patients are getting back to business. Overall, 2013 was a very good year, and our strong performance reflects continued progress and execution of our strategic growth drivers. Broadly stated, they are: market expansion, doctor preference and brand strength. I'll touch on each of these very briefly. First, market expansion. Over the past year, we have continued expanding in our existing markets through targeted investments as well as opening up new geographies and markets. For example, in North America, in Europe, in China and Japan, where we have had an existing direct coverage model, we have continued to invest in sales coverage and professional marketing and education programs, along with consumer marketing in selected country markets. This past May, we brought our former Asia Pacific distributor in-house and are making investments across that region into a new Pan-Asia team and a very good effect. Second, doctor preference, which is aimed at creating greater doctor preference for Invisalign with roots both in product development and innovation, so our doctors have the confidence and motivation to lead with Invisalign for every patient that walks through their practice. In addition, we have a great -- we have great opportunities to improve the customer experience, so it becomes easier to integrate Invisalign into their practice. And third, brand strength. We are building a superior brand through a very integrated consumer marketing platform that includes TV, media, social networking and event marketing. Our goals are to make Invisalign a household name worldwide and to motivate consumers to seek Invisalign treatment. We continue to successfully leverage the campaign we kicked off last May in North America. In Europe, we've increased awareness significantly through our first integrated consumer marketing campaign in all major direct markets. There are plenty of highlights here, but since we included some details on our consumer activities in our webcast slides, I'll skip the details and let you see that for yourself. Taken together, these 3 key strategic drivers provide us with a set of fairly predictable levers to build the business and bring us increased confidence in our continued long-term growth. With these strategic growth drivers in mind, let's talk about how we did in Q4 by sharing some customer and geographic highlights, starting off with North America. For North American orthodontists, Q4 case volume increased 21% year-over-year and decreased 3% sequentially. Strong year-over-year growth reflects continued utilization and adoption growth as orthodontists increasingly show more confidence using Invisalign. We are also getting growth from actively re-engaging orthodontic practices that were previously trained some many years ago but were not submitting cases. The teenager segment for Invisalign remains the largest growth opportunity as it is the largest existing orthodontic segment globally. And we've continued to take share from traditional wires and brackets. Despite Q4 being a seasonally slower period for teen case starts, the total number of teenagers that began treatment with Invisalign grew 25% year-over-year to comprise approximately 1/4 of our total volume. For North American GP Dentists, Invisalign -- our Q4 Invisalign case volume increased 15% year-over-year and 3% sequentially, primarily reflecting continued expansion of our GP customer base and increased utilization of our Invisalign Full product. GP Dentists are one of the keys to driving growth in the adult segment, and this month we launched a new CE1 training course now called Invisalign Fundamentals, designed to improve practice integration and increase utilization for newly trained doctors. Based on a series of pilots for this new Fundamentals course, we saw 90 days post-training submission for -- per doctor increase 3x over 3x and the number of doctors submitting cases increase 2x compared to the prior CE1 training program. We are implementing this new Invisalign Fundamentals program across North America and will look for opportunities to adjust our international training programs as we work to help our GP practices worldwide more successfully adopt Invisalign into their practices. For international doctors, Q4 Invisalign case volume increased 39% year-over-year and 16% sequentially with strong growth from both Europe and Asia Pacific. Q4 was a record quarter for Europe with Invisalign case shipments up 32% year-over-year and 22% sequentially. We experienced very strong growth across all our markets led by Spain, France, Germany and Italy. We also continued to see signs of recovery in the U.K. We've continued to train new doctors and expand our customer base. We have increased the number of active submitters nicely, partly as a result of our continued incremental investments in sales coverage. In Q4, growth was largely driven by orthodontist customers, reflecting increased confidence in Invisalign, significantly a result of continued product evolutions such as Invisalign G4 and SmartTrack. We also saw good growth in the minor malocclusion segment with Invisalign i7 in some country markets, underlying the growing importance of this more price-sensitive consumer segment in Europe. Even as we demonstrate continued progress in Europe, today we're announcing plans to further expand our directly covered geography in the EMEA region. Our EMEA distribution partners have been covering 88 country markets, from Scandinavia to Africa and from Eastern Europe to the Middle East, and continues to make good progress in building the base of Invisalign-trained doctors in those regions. Given the significant long-term potential this geography represents and the leverage we can provide by utilizing our direct coverage model, beginning in February of 2014 we will convert 11 countries into direct sales regions. This expansion in direct coverage geographies in EMEA is very different than bolting on a more sizable established business like we did last year with our Asia Pacific distributor. In this case, we expect to leverage our existing infrastructure and resources in existing country markets to bring sales coverage and customer support to these new countries. In fact, most of these new country markets are adjacent to our current directly covered European countries. As a result, most of the new country markets will be managed from our existing sales and country management structure while support functions will be based in Amsterdam. This move is very important to support our long-term strategy. And over time, as these markets begin to mature, it will directly contribute towards our growth objectives. Due to the small volume of business currently represented by our EMEA distributor in these country markets, we don't anticipate this will have a material effect on our financial results for some time. Moving to Asia Pacific. In Q4, our Asia Pacific Invisalign case volume increased 53% year-over-year and 8% sequentially, reflecting strong organic growth across our direct country markets amid a very active quarter for our Asia Pacific team. I'll share a few highlights of that activity. In Japan, we hosted an Invisalign clinical seminar with over 100 key doctors as well as a Top Providers Roundtable. A smile awareness event focused on young female consumers was held in Osaka in November. This meeting was like the Straight Talk programs we hold in North America, which are designed to help consumers interested in treatment understand how to get a healthy, beautiful smile and connect directly with Invisalign providers. In China, we launched our new SmartTrack material with a series of events, including partnering with Beijing Capital Medical Hospital as well as the China Orthodontics forum held in Suzhou, which was attended by the top orthodontic key opinion leaders in China. Finally, in Australia and New Zealand, we ran marketing campaigns in conjunction with the sold-out concert tour by the teen band sensation, One Direction, helping to create greater consumer awareness among teenagers and their parents. I'll move now to discuss one of the key drivers behind our continued growth, which is our accelerating impact from continued product innovation as we aim to create even greater doctor preference for Invisalign. A key factor in delivering greater predictability involves our ongoing efforts to project Invisalign treatment into more complex cases, effectively expanding clinical applicability. Deep bite cases are a good and an important example of this dynamic as almost half of the orthodontic case starts in North America and Europe and almost 1/3 of malocclusions that present to doctors in Asia involve deep bite. As the science, technology and clinical capability behind Invisalign evolves and expands, our ability to gain incremental share of orthodontic starts expands with it. In December, we announced Invisalign G5, which includes comprehensive features to enable deep bite treatment with Invisalign, making it far easier for our customers to treat this large segment of the market. And today, we announced the upcoming release of ClinCheck Pro, the next-generation Invisalign treatment software tool designed to provide more precise control over final tooth position and help Invisalign providers achieve their treatment goals. This new release will give doctors more precise control over the final tooth position and will help them more easily achieve their treatment goals. In effect, our customers will now be able to show us, rather than just telling us, where they want their final tooth position. Moving away from Invisalign franchise for just a moment. In dental imaging equipment, we also continued to build a great digital footprint through our growing installed base of iTero scanners despite a very competitive market. In Q4, our scanner segment revenues grew 21% year-over-year and 10% sequentially and continues to benefit from leveraging our combined sales and marketing resources while taking full advantage of Invisalign and industry events. We generated a lot of interest and sold a bunch of iTero scanners at the American Dental Association meeting in New Orleans in October as well as at the Greater New York Dental Show at the end of November. Our customers have recognized that having an iTero scanner chairside is a great way to improve practice effectiveness for Invisalign, underscoring the reason we continue to see substantial growth in utilization among customers with an iTero scanner. Intraoral scanning in general, with iTero in particular, is a key future trend in dentistry. As I mentioned a moment ago, we continue to see Invisalign case submissions from digitally scanned impressions increase steadily. As of Q4, the percentage of Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in North America rose to 26.7%, compared to 25.3% in Q3 and 17.3% in Q4 1 year ago. Doctors, their staff members and especially patients are all happy about this trend as they see faster cycle times, better aligner fit and a far better customer experience. To help accelerate that positive trend, a few weeks ago, we announced that we qualified the 3M True Definition Scanner for use with Invisalign case submissions. This qualification will now enable Invisalign providers with the True Definition Scanner to submit a digital impression in place of a traditional PVS impression as part of the Invisalign case submission process. 3M True Definition Scanner is currently the only third-party scanner that has been qualified for use with Invisalign treatment. We continue to believe in an open-systems approach to digital impressions and remain committed to working with other intraoral scanning companies interested in developing interoperability for use with Invisalign treatment. Our ultimate goal is to build Invisalign franchise. And while we're pleased to have one of the best scanners in the market with the most utility for our customers, we'll continue to do everything we can to create additional leverage for our world-class Invisalign business. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to David for a review of our Q4 financial results. David?
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, Tom. Before I get into the details, I'd like to note that unless stated otherwise, all of the financial information I'll discuss will be presented on a GAAP basis. With that, let's review our fourth quarter and 2013 financial results. As Tom mentioned, our revenue for the fourth quarter was a record $178.3 million, up 24.8% from the corresponding quarter 1 year ago and up 8.4% from the prior quarter. Fourth quarter clear aligner revenue was $166.2 million, was up 25.1% year-over-year and was up 8.3% sequentially. Our year-over-year growth reflected higher Invisalign volumes from our orthodontists and GP Dentists, as well as higher international ASPs. Sequential growth -- revenue growth was primarily driven by higher case volume from our international geographies, which also had the effect of increasing our overall ASPs as a result of higher pricing internationally. We also had a $1.3 million benefit from foreign exchange rates. For the fourth quarter, total Invisalign shipments increased to 111,100 cases. Year-over-year growth of 22.8% was driven by both customer-base expansion as well as increased utilization. We continued to expand our base of Invisalign providers through clinical education and training. And in Q4, we added 105 new North American orthodontists, 1,355 new North America GP Dentists and 1,060 new international doctors for a total of 2,520 new Invisalign doctors. Total Invisalign utilization for Q4 was 4.4 cases per doctor, a year-over-year increase from 4.1 cases per doctor and up slightly from 4.3 cases in Q3. Improvements in product and technology over the past few years, including G4 and SmartTrack aligner material, continues to strengthen our doctors' clinical confidence in the use of Invisalign such that they now utilize Invisalign more often and on more complex cases. Fourth quarter revenue for our scanner segment increased to $12.1 million. This represented a 20.9% increase year-over-year and a 10.1% sequential increase over the third quarter, reflecting continued penetration and market share gains. Moving on to gross margin. Fourth quarter overall gross margin was 76.5%, up 2 points year-over-year and up sequentially half of 1 point. Clear aligner gross margin for the fourth quarter was 79.8%. This was up 1 point year-over-year and flat sequentially. The year-over-year increase was primarily the result of higher ASPs and improved manufacturing absorption from higher case shipment volumes. Fourth quarter gross margins benefited from onetime items, of which warranty costs were one and amounted to approximately $2.6 million or 1.5 points. Q4 gross margin for our scanner segment was 31.1%. This was up 12.6 points year-over-year and up 8.9 points sequentially. Both the year-over-year and sequential increases were primarily the result of higher manufacturing absorption on higher volumes, as well as higher ASPs due to less promotional activity. Q4 operating expenses were $83.6 million. This was up $6.1 million year-over-year when compared to our non-GAAP operating expenses incidental to the growth of our business, as well as the impact of the medical device excise tax levied on our U.S. revenues. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were essentially flat. Fourth quarter spending, however, benefited from $2.5 million of previous stock compensation expense, which was reversed as a result of previously announced executive departures. Our fourth quarter operating margin was 29.7%, up 9.4 points when compared to our non-GAAP operating margin reported last year and up 4.5 points sequentially, directly related to our higher volumes and gross margins, as I just described. With regards to our fourth quarter tax provision, our tax rate was 19.5%. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.51, compared to non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.26 reported in the same quarter last year and compared to $0.42 reported in Q3. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our 2013 year-end accounts receivable balance was $113.3 million, up approximately 3.8% sequentially. Our overall DSO was 57 days, a 5-day improvement over the same period 1 year ago and a 3-day improvement sequentially. Capital expenditures for the full year were $19.4 million and were $4.2 million for the fourth quarter. Cash flow from operations for the full year was $186 million and was $67.2 million for the fourth quarter. And free cash flow for the full year, defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, amounted to $166.6 million and $62.9 million for the fourth quarter. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short- and long-term investments, at year end amounted to $472 million. This compared to $356.1 million compared -- at the end of 2012. Before we move on to the Q1 outlook, I would like to make a few comments on the full year results. Revenue was a record $660.2 million, up 17.9% year-over-year. In 2013, we shipped 422,300 Invisalign cases, up 16.2%. North America volumes were up 13.4%, and international volumes up 25% year-over-year. Full year GAAP operating income was $94.2 million or 14.3% of revenue. Non-GAAP operating income was $161.2 million or 24.4%. 2013 GAAP diluted EPS was $0.78, and non-GAAP diluted EPS was $1.54. Let's now turn to our business outlook for the first quarter and the factors that inform our view. As Tom said earlier, Invisalign case receipts for North American orthodontists and GP Dentists were softer than expected in December. And while we are seeing improving trends, our outlook for Q1 reflects a slower start to the quarter. Therefore, we expect North American Invisalign volume to be flat to slightly up sequentially. Our first quarter has historically been a slower period for our international doctors with fewer days in the office due to winter holidays in Europe and a lunar new year in Asia Pacific. As such, we expect our international Invisalign volume to be slightly down from the fourth quarter. Q1 has historically been a slower period for equipment sales, and we expect our scanner segment to be flat in Q1. Gross margin is expected to be down sequentially in Q1 as a result of the onetime benefits in Q4 that I described earlier, which are not expected to recur. Operating expenses will increase quarter-over-quarter based on several factors. First of all, as I stated earlier, Q4 benefited from a onetime stock-based compensation reversal. Secondly, we expect employee compensation-related costs to increase given we operate on an annual cycle for all employee compensation reviews, including salary increases and promotions as well as annual stock grants. Those increases are effective in the first quarter. Further, employer-paid payroll taxes, such as Social Security payments in the U.S, reset with the start of a new calendar year. And finally, we continue to invest in our long-term growth drivers, as Tom discussed earlier. With this as a backdrop, we expect the first quarter to shape up as follows: Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 110,100 to 113,100 cases; we expect net revenues to be in the range of $175.2 million to $179.6 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 14% to 17%; we expect gross margin to be in the range of 73.9% to 74.5%; we expect operating expenses to be in the range of $94.5 million and $96.9 million; our operating margin should be approximately 20.5%; our effective tax rate should be approximately 22.5%; and diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 82.8 million. Taken together, we expect diluted EPS to be in the range of $0.32 to $0.34. Now I'd like to provide some directional comments for 2014. We're excited about 2014 and believe we can deliver a great year. As Tom highlighted in his comments, we have a lot of opportunities still ahead of us to expand our market penetration and share. Those opportunities, such as expanding our sales coverage and product offerings, including Invisalign G5 for deep bite, involve multiyear investments. We intend to continue these successful investments. For example, while we may have recently announced our deep bite product, we're far from being done with investing into the Invisalign product or for going after new indications. Follow-on go-to-market investments and commercialization efforts will be important to us to fully realize the deep bite opportunity. We believe investments like these will lay the foundation for long-term, sustainable growth that will far outpace industry growth rates and perpetuate our success at gaining share. While we haven't had a practice of providing full year guidance, we have established a pattern of delivering results consistent with our long-term financial model in the areas of top line growth and gross margins. As for 2014, we believe in general that we can deliver top line growth and gross margins consistent with that model. While in the second half of 2013 delivering operating margins within our model, we haven't delivered full year results within that model as yet. As we've previously stated, our goal is to be within that long-term operating model margin target of 25% to 30% and operate within that model for a full year. Given our slower start in 2014 in North America and the follow-on investments I just referred to, we feel an operating margin for the full year that is close to or consistent with 2013 actual results is more likely and something we would feel proud of given the seeds we're planting for the future. With that, I'll now turn the time back over to Tom for closing comments.
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, David. As we've described, 2013 was a terrific year for Invisalign customers, their patients, our shareholders and the entire Align Technology team. We believe sustained focus on the right value drivers will continue these positive trends and can move us closer to our long-term goal of having clear aligner therapy someday become the standard of care in orthodontics. On the scanner side of the business, we continue to build a strong installed base and are increasingly leveraging that customer base to the benefit of Invisalign treatment and better restorative dentistry. Through the right investments, we expect to continue our strong growth rates, multiples among market growth -- multiples above market growth rates in virtually every geography. Even as we manage through the many attractive ROI investment choices across the business, we will continue to seek operating leverage in the business. While December and early January receipts were slower than expected in North America, we fully expect to revert to the type of growth expected and in the direction of what we're seeing in our other reasons around the world. The fact remains that we have tremendous headroom for growth in every market area, which reinforces why we keep investing in the right value drivers. Over the past few weeks, we kicked off our 2014 fiscal year around the world with sales meetings in North America, in Asia and in Europe. At every meeting, we reinforced our vision for long-term market leadership, ensured that each team was aligned with our 2014 and long-term goals and shared our collective passion for innovation, which drives this company to be different than everyone else in our industry. I'm very excited about what I believe will be a terrific year and look forward to spending time with you at industry events like Chicago Midwinter in February, along with other investor conferences, so we can discuss our plans and progress further. And with that, let's go back to the operator for some questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jeremy Feffer of Cantor Fitzgerald.
Jeremy Feffer - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: I wanted to start first on pricing. Obviously, you guys had a tremendous trend or performance in o U.S. But I just want to get some more color on what was going on in the U.S., particularly with the GP Dentists.
Thomas M. Prescott: David, do you want to take that one?
David L. White: Sorry, [indiscernible].
Thomas M. Prescott: GP Dentists pricing? Well, I guess in general, we saw lower activity with GPs in general, didn't get quite the growth we would have expected. Concurrently, we saw better growth out of orthos. Maybe saying it differently, less of a downturn than normal. So that GP volume, much of that was among, I'd say, lower to middle volume users, and more of them paid full price versus advantage based. That -- pretty simple. The second part is probably more of a migration towards Invisalign Express 10 from 5 and more full cases. All of those things play together for that higher ASP in North America.
Jeremy Feffer - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then sticking with the GP Dentists, you had the -- I think the highest number of shipments to dentists and you train the most number of dentists. What are you seeing, I guess, going forward as, I guess, as patient visits start to stabilize and improve a little bit, getting their utilization numbers up. Are you seeing maybe from the new 3M scanner and some from -- from some of these other initiatives? Do you see their utilization starting to pick up going forward?
Thomas M. Prescott: No, I think, Jeremy, that this is one of the puzzles we've got to solve over time. In my comments, I talked about the new Invisalign Fundamentals training program. We're hopeful that, that's going to help. It -- fitting Invisalign or orthodontic practice into a busy general dentist office is very different from most of their other sort of procedures. And so we want them to choose the right case and treat those cases really, really well and sometimes, for an adult, include some restorative with that. Oftentimes adults need some of that. So it can be a great fit. It's not for every practice, and orthodontics is complex. With all that said, the Invisalign Fundamentals, we're -- out of 3 pilots we put on, we're very pleased to see kind of post-90 days much better than what we've seen in the past with our own CE1. So with that, going forward, we'd be hopefully better able to engage the right practices, get share of mind and have them get great success for the patients and their practice. But this is a long-term journey, and we have to balance this. We're always focused on the specialty of orthodontics, but many adults seek their general dentist out for orthodontic advice and for treatment. So we want to be in both places.
Jeremy Feffer - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Okay. And just going to squeeze one more quickly and then I'll jump back in queue. Any -- can you comment at all in any possible negotiations going on with other scanner manufacturers?
Thomas M. Prescott: We only announce R&D and pipeline when it's finished. And what we've said, we've tried to be very clear that our intent is to work with appropriate other players with the right kind of scanners that we could qualify. But it's an extensive process, and it takes time. When there's news, you'll hear it.
Operator: The next question is from Brandon Couillard of Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Tom, would you elaborate on your efforts to target those legacy ortho users that you haven't seen as customers in recent years? And any chance you could quantify the percentage of the overall orthodontic market that, that customer base would comprise?
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, I think when you could -- you could back into it with the numbers we provide a little bit. And each year in North America, for example, we slightly grow the base of orthodontists. I think we haven't put out, I guess, final numbers yet. It probably would be in our K or something with the number of orthodontists we did business with in North America. We're still counting all that up. But that number's grown, not hugely but nicely each year, and that's a direct reflection of this reengagement. We're really not training that many new orthodontists. We're maybe retraining or bringing them back in and sometimes in university settings, other times in other settings. But in many cases, early orthodontists with Invisalign didn't find us ready for prime time, and I'd have to argue they were probably right. As the product has dramatically evolved, as our capabilities have grown, they're able to feel increasingly that they don't always make clinical any trade-offs, even treating harder cases. And as they see their colleagues getting great clinical results and practice success, it tends to draw them back to us. It is a slow, steady process, and we're happy to see it just in the right direction. But I -- there's nothing more quantitative I could provide there.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then just on the ITC case, can you just give us an update on your view of how that's progressing and the general issues that they've opened up to public comment now and how significant they might or might not be?
Thomas M. Prescott: As part of our normal practice, I've actually got Roger George, our General Counsel, in here. So I'd like to ask Roger to take that question, please.
Roger E. George: So we really can't -- we really don't know much more than what the ITC has done. They posted on their website exactly what the public has seen, and it's what we've seen. We've had no other communication from them. We have no sense from anyone internally at the ITC, on the ITC staff, why they've asked for the additional commentary. And so we're basically waiting to find out ourselves.
Operator: The next question is from Joe Block of Stifel.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just changed my name, I guess. But...
Shirley Stacy: Jon.
Thomas M. Prescott: Yes, we'll take a call from Jon Block, I think. All right.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I hate number one here [ph], but I just need some clarity. So you beat numbers handily for the quarter on the bottom line by whatever it is, $0.08 or $0.09, but you called out a weak December. And so can you help me with that, Tom or David? In other words, the way you guys recognize revenue, did your weak December in terms of receipts, is that reflected in January sales? Or was your weak December sort of reflected in your 4Q numbers, if that makes sense?
David L. White: Jon, this is David. I'll see if I can field that. So it actually depends upon exactly when a doctor approves a ClinCheck treatment plan. If that happens early enough in the month of December, then we typically can turn that shipment around and we'll take revenue for it in the quarter. To the extent it happens late in the quarter, it may be difficult for us to turn that around and actually deliver it to the doctor by that time period. The impact that has potentially in terms of a weak December has on our business is obviously we see some revenue fall-off possibly in December, but it also means a slower amount of, you might call it, backlog of cases that we're starting January with. And so that, coupled with the fact that January started off a little bit slow as well, those 2 kind of inform, you might say, our guidance as to why we're guiding where we are for Q1.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, understood. And I don't want to put words in your mouth, but it seems like it's safe to say that the weak December weighed on 1Q guide a little bit, right? Some -- again, some was in December but some slipped into January, correct?
David L. White: Certainly it has some bearing in how we look forward, correct.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then more importantly long term, and there's a lot that I'd love to touch on, but I'll sort of cherrypick. You've obviously spent a lot of time talking about gross margin and how that might vary by product line. But can you give us a big picture? With international stepping up the growth rate meaningfully and, I guess, some of the investments that you put to work years ago that are clearly starting to pay off, how does the gross margin big picture internationally compare to that of the U.S.?
David L. White: So just continuing on. So if you look at our gross margins, they're influenced by a number of things. Certainly, manufacturing costs would be one. The cost of fulfilling a case for a U.S. patient versus the cost of fulfilling a case for a European patient is not significantly different, although their cases tend to be a little bit more complex. So where you see it primarily is in the -- in ASP. If you look at our pricing in Europe and so forth, it's typically higher than what we experienced in terms of how we price here in the U.S. And most of the business that they do there is through orthodontics offices. So they -- so the -- so as our mix of international business continues to increase, it has the effect of lifting up our gross margins. It also has the effect of increasing our ASPs. And so that's what we've kind of experienced over the last year, and that's what we continue to expect over the years ahead. If you look at, for example, at the amount of international business we did last year versus 2013, it's gone up about 5 points out of our total mix year-over-year. And so we think that's going to continue -- Europe and Asia Pac continue to be our high-growth areas. And as they grow, we expect to see better gross margins, we expect to see better ASP lift.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: One more if I can just slip it in before Shirley cuts me off. Tom, you mentioned the -- also buying back some or calling on some distributors, the remaining EMEA. These are markets adjacent to what you currently got. How does that weigh on the P&L? Obviously, the big APAC was dilutive for 6 or 9 months and then quickly reversed. How should we think about near-term dilution, long-term accretion with what you're doing with the remaining countries?
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, John. The reason we position it as different was exactly for that reason. In many ways, it's different because it's not a large stream of revenue today. It's also different because we don't pick up substantial headcount or costs. We will incrementally invest, leveraging our country leadership and sales structure in those adjacent countries, putting incremental headcount into these specific new countries, and then starting to train more doctors. It's not a large business in any case today. And so, number one, you won't see any significant revenue lift like we did in Asia Pacific. Number two, there isn't a concomitant OpEx offset to go either. So both of those are the reason why we said it wouldn't be material in the near term.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Lewis of Roth Capital Partners.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: First, I just wanted to start on pricing. Obviously a pretty nice bump there in international ASPs. I was hoping you could just talk a bit more on what led to that increase there sequentially. And how should we expect international ASPs to trend looking out into 2014?
David L. White: So Chris, I'll see if I can expand on what I just stated for Jon's question. Our -- if you look at quarter-over-quarter, our international business was up very nicely, whereas North America was not so. And as I indicated in the prior question, our ASPs in Europe and international and Asia Pac region are -- or tend to be higher, more than 10% higher than what our pricing here is in the U.S. And so as their business continues to grow and outpace, you might say, the growth we're -- we continue to see in North America, they become a larger piece of our total overall mix. And as that mix increases, that -- we tend to get ASP uplift from that. And we would expect that to continue as long as they continue to grow at rates faster than what we see in North America.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just on the guidance, you guided to a 20.5 % operating margin in the first quarter. That's after nearly putting up a 30% operating margin this quarter. I do understand there are some onetime benefits here, and December softness impacts that a bit. But first quarter implied revenues are basically flat sequentially. So can you just walk me through the reasons for that expected dip in operating margin in the first quarter from these 4Q levels and possibly expand on some of those follow-on investments that you mentioned?
David L. White: You bet, Chris. So first of all, I think you have to look at Q4, and you have to recognize that there are a couple of nonrecurring items in there, both of which I spoke to a few minutes ago in our pre-rehearsed script. One of those is the fact we had about $2.5 million of onetime items in our cost of sales that we don't expect to recur. They contributed about 1.5 points of gross margin in the quarter. We also had about $2.5 million of stock-based compensation that reversed. So there's a $5 million part of the bridge, you might say, from Q4 to, let's say, midpoint of our Q1 guidance. The rest of it is primarily in operating expenses, and it comes from the standpoint that, as I mentioned, our entire company runs on what we call a focal process review, where employees' compensation plans, and that includes stock awards and so forth, are reviewed annually in the first quarter and are granted in the first quarter. And so our operating expenses are going to be up. Roughly, if you take out the nonrecurring SBC, I think everything else is up about $10 million. Merit increases are going to be something on the order of about -- well, merit increases, something on the order of about $3.5 million or so. We have new grants of stock awards. That's like another couple of million dollars. We have payroll taxes. That's like another million dollars. We have a number of investments that we're making in both consumer marketing as well as market expansion, particularly internationally, and that pretty much makes up the balance. And so that's what kind of informs the guidance we gave for Q1. When you look at that going forward, I think the best thing I can point you to is the comments I made as it relates to our business model and how we see 2014 shaping up against that. We think that we delivered great results in 2013. We'd be very proud to put up the same numbers in 2014. And that's kind of where we're seeing things at, at this point.
Thomas M. Prescott: Chris, I'll pile on for just a second. This is Tom. The specifics beyond the kind of, I'll call it, more seasonal, the lumpy spending around beginning the new year and all those things that were just described is we are accelerating some investments in geographies. We've seen good results from that so far, and that shows up in the top line and drops through. We are accelerating some investments, not huge, but they add up to be meaningful in consumer marketing. And we're expanding areas in the world where we're doing some consumer marketing and with greater affect. We are -- we just rolled out G5 deep bite. In effect, we also said we just finally launched in November SmartTrack in China based on regulatories. And so you ought to think of each of these releases as having a first blast and then a series of echoes in terms of the whole commercialization cycle. There are still doctors we're reaching that are slower adopters that we're still pushing through to get them to try and recognize the differences in SmartTrack, so that's kind office by office process, that we keep putting our shoulder behind that. That goes on all around the world. And so a new release, in this case deep bite, will go on for 1 year or more. And then finally, in terms of R&D, we accelerate some of our investments in terms of expanding new indications so we can take on even more complex cases and close the gap with brackets and wires. So I think where the spending shows up especially is in a Q1, and the operating margin shows up a bit more this quarter given it's a little softer start to the year. It's just as simple as that.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wondered, David, if you could maybe give us a retrospective on what's happened over the course of the year in the international business. And I ask because if I look at what has happened, the growth sequentially over the course of the year is really extraordinary. And so I wonder if you could just put some numbers to it. Like how much of that in total would you say is ASP? How much of that would you say is new users? How much of that is currency? Could you help us walk through that?
David L. White: Well, Steve, I don't think I can quantify how much of those are new users, you might say, or new doctors. Our growth has been attributable to existing doctors as well as bringing new doctors online and nurturing those doctors through their training and bringing them up down the learning curve to incorporate the product into their practice. Clearly, we're seeing greater growth in Asia Pac than what we're seeing in Europe or North America. We -- if you look at the growth rates in both of those 2 countries on a case-volume basis, they're far outstripping what we see elsewhere in the world. We're making -- we're continuing to make investments in them over the course of 2014, and we expect them to continue growing at the rates that we've seen historically. I'm not sure I can break it down really for you much really finer than that. Hopefully, that suffices.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I appreciate it, David. So I have a question for Tom as well, and I will not ask for quantification on this one. I wondered, Tom, if you can help us think about the other side of the coin when it comes to alliances with other players in the industry on scanners. Clearly, there's an important clinical and engineering question there. Is it the right scanner? Does it do what you need it to do? But there's also the business side of it. What are the right things to think about in terms of the economics, the arrangements that we should consider as we think about the longer term when some of these alliances might be a more significant part of the business?
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. Certainly I won't be quantifying this. The simple fact is that we've followed what the Cadent business, the iTero business, what their ethos was, which was to be very open. The iTero scanner is the most open scanner in the dental industry. They work with any lab, any supplier, any partner. And the goal is to have maximum utility for the customer and make the best customer experience for the patient. We have to be a little more discriminating than that when it comes to the Invisalign process because we have a very, very finely tuned mass customization process running at large scale. So we tend to treat this first as, in effect, a release of new manufacturing technology, validate, qualify and then very carefully bring online. The last question you raised here is about who do we want to work with or not. I think we're -- we start not by asking it that way. We say what's best for our customers and how do we help them. If they already have another scanner, and there are a significant number of those out there, and they would like to do Invisalign, we would not want them to have go buy another scanner, whether it's an iTero or somebody else's. So we're kind of trying to follow what's best for the customer here. And there's a handful of good companies and great scanners out there that over time perhaps will also have interoperability. And it's -- I hate to say it's that simple, but it kind of is. It just -- it's a difficult process, and we're very careful and thoughtful about the way we go through qualifying this.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Nathan Rich on for Bob. First is, I guess just to maybe take a step back, could you talk about what you're seeing from a competitive perspective? Given the strength that you've seen in ASPs and your ability to take market share, both from the U.S. and internationally, can you kind of maybe help us think about where you see opportunities to take further market share going forward?
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, I think that, Nathan, first of all, that we -- there's nothing different, nothing unusual. There's kind of no change from 1 quarter ago or 2 quarters ago. In general, what I'd say is that our biggest competitor remains traditional brackets and wires or self-ligating brackets, but the brackets and wires manufacturers. And their game is very good. They're fighting very hard not to yield share to clear aligner treatment, and we have to go office by office and earn our stripes, which really goes to product evolution and making ourselves easier to do business with and all the like. There are -- to our knowledge, there aren't really any new per se clear aligner players popping up. I'd say there's more knock-offs around the world outside the U.S. But really, it's the same competitive dynamic. And our biggest challenge is twofold: one, taking share from those brackets and wire starts, which is -- they've been doing that for 100 years, and it's very ingrained behavior for the clinician and in many communities; secondly, in parallel with that, we believe we can grow the market, which is also what's going on, especially among adults, and we offer a fundamentally different value proposition. And those 2 things, at least to this point, certainly blunt whatever noise there is around the competitive side for us.
Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then if I could just go back to the strength in ASPs for a second. I think that previously, you had expected ASPs to decline in 2014. But now that given the strength you've seen internationally, can we kind of think of this as sort of a change in trend where we might be able to see ASPs higher year-on-year in 2014?
David L. White: So Nathan, I'll see if I can add a little bit to what I said previously. If you look at our Express product, which is primarily designed and targeted at adults and others who have minor malocclusion needs, treatment needs, we have historically taken the position, the belief, that, that market is perhaps the most untapped market for us because the untreated adult population is so large. It is -- and if you look at our performance over the last year, that product has done very well from a revenue standpoint. Well, from a volume standpoint, it's up over 20 points year-over-year. It's consistent with the rest of the company, actually a little bit outgrowing the pace of the company. And actually, as you look at our total product mix, it's actually picked up 2 points in total product mix across the company. And so as that continues, one would think that our ASPs would trend down -- downward as that product becomes a larger component of our total product portfolio. On the other side of that equation, however, though, is that our international business is growing at an even faster rate. And as I've mentioned a few minutes ago, it picked up 5 points of mix out of our total business. And as a result, that tends to be, at least at the present time, tends to be overweighting the downward ASP trend you might see as a result of the simpler cases. And so as long as our international business continues to grow at the rates that we're seeing and at multiples or percentages greater than what we're seeing the adult segment, then our ASPs are going to -- it's going to mitigate, you might say that, that downward trend.
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Johnson of Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I'll -- David, I wondering if I could maybe follow up on that last point you were making there. I think one of the things I've been getting wrong the last quarter or 2 as I model you guys as case starts are growing x, and your revenue is growing at a couple of points above that, and that's the same thing that you guys are guiding to for the first quarter. Obviously, ASP is playing in there. Your non-case revenue up, I think, 45%, 46% this year, that's helping as well. But just how do I think of that conceptually going forward? I know you're talking about ASPs potentially being helped here in the international markets. As you lap the Asia Pac distributor takeout from last year, does that trend continue? And can those non-case revenues continue to grow at such big numbers going forward?
David L. White: Well, the Asia Pac impact certainly, you might say, helped to some extent on the revenue growth that we saw year-over-year because that revenue got converted from distribution pricing to our normal pricing to doctors. But if you -- but perhaps the best proxy for how that growth is doing in Asia Pac is just simply looking at the case volume growth. And that case volume growth has been north of 20 points, which is faster than what -- certainly faster than what we're seeing in the North America and Europe base. In fact, I -- it's been a lot more than 20 points. So that is one piece of it right there. As it relates to the non-case revenue, I think that's primarily -- would really, for the most part, follow the trend line for the company and shouldn't -- I don't think there's anything fundamental that would cause the non-case revenues to grow at rates different than the rest of the company.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Right. And I guess the follow-up to that would just be, as I think about my modeling and then as the street thinks about modeling you guys out over the next year or 2, would you expect revenue growth and case start growth to somewhat track closer together than it's been in the last couple of quarters? Or should revenue growth continue to outpace the case start growth?
Thomas M. Prescott: I wish we were that good, that we're going to project the best that we can see in a variety of factors impact what goes on here. If in a given quarter we have more -- relatively more volume coming from advantage in the North America or in Europe, they pay a, relatively speaking, a lower ASP. If in a given quarter there's more Express 10 growth among GPs or orthodontists, ASP would go down a little bit. I think the -- so that's going to move around a little bit. What I would say is from our purposes, we're a little less or we're a lot less concerned on the absolute ASP as in the health of each product line in terms of contribution margin and that, that is doing the job for us. And so we start out a year, we start out a quarter with a plan kind of by geography and by type of customer and for our product, and we've never been exactly right yet. So I think as long as it's going up into the right and that the adoption continues, I will tell you in general with all the investments we've made around product and with greater efficacy with that product and being able to go after new indications, that a lot of the core adoption growth has been for the full product or for the team product with orthodontists and dentists doing more complex cases. That's a factor that people, I think, lose track of. Our average treatment is getting longer. The case complexity is getting greater. So those -- that all plays away from a minor malocclusion treatment a little bit towards full treatment. And then the second part is, it's a little less obvious, almost by definition, the cases that get treated in Europe and Asia are more complex than the average case in North America. And so as we accelerate growth there, by definition they're full, they're complex cases. And when you add generally a bit of a pricing premium, that's all virtuous. So I was going to pile on a little bit there, but I'll stop there and see if that wrestled it down.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, no, that helps a lot, Tom. And then my last question is just on -- you say for December was a little slower. I'm still unclear on whether January started off slower. Just when did you start to see the pickup? Can you help me titrate that a little bit, number one? And two, does the weather, the cold, the snow, everything we've seen, especially in the Midwest and the East Coast, does that have any impact at this point with the Olympics? I know in the past that has affected your marketing timing. Any impact from any of those non-kind of operational factors?
Thomas M. Prescott: You've thrown everything but the kitchen sink in there, and I'm not going to hide behind it. I think I'll start with the basics. In our view, in talking to all of our customers, the -- first, in December, the primary effect in our minds was the kind of time compression, the same thing that impacts some retailers with the late timing of Thanksgiving and some compression. And secondly, the -- where the holidays were positioned, kind of midweek, that activity slowed down a little bit in offices, and we saw less of that going on and they wind up being fewer office days worked. I'm certain somewhere along the line the weather kicks into that and as you can see in January. The pattern was there's a normal slowdown for us as we get towards the holidays. It's fairly predictable. It happened a bit earlier, and it was a bit more persistent through December. That persisted into January. And as we said, traffic has rebounded nicely and improving, and -- but that, I think, as an earlier question pointed out, in general December receipts are January shipments in revenue, and then January receipts are February shipments in revenue. So you -- our guidance assumes slightly lower shipments, both for January and some of February, given the January turn. So with all that said, that's included in our guidance. We feel great about the business. There's a lot of good things going on, and we think we're going to have a terrific year.
Operator: Our final question comes from John Kreger of William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Tom, based upon the feedback you're getting from your reps and your customers, do you have any updated views on the market, the orthodontic market, and the sort of unit volumes that orthodontists are seeing at this point?
Thomas M. Prescott: I think we -- we're still putting it together. We typically are almost 1/4 trailing to really put all of our, I call it, external third-party and our own work together. But I think in general, with the -- there was a little more pronounced slowdown than we expected in December. And I think in general, the market was okay for orthodontics for -- in our mind, okay for North America. I think that it was spottier in Europe. In some markets, it was good. In others, it was not good. And in Asia, it's very spotty depending on which country you're talking about. But there are countries like Japan which are growing again and China which are growing rapidly for orthodontics. So in general, I don't think orthodontics is an easy market. It's certainly better than some other parts of dentistry. And for us, we've got this headroom I spoke about, and we see room for growth in every direction we look. That isn't necessarily the story for every player. But I think in general, patient traffic has been stable, offices have been okay. Our customers are very motivated: "We'd be back in the office right now," is what they're telling us.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then one last one. If you think about GP and where it will -- I'm sorry, G5 and where it will fit into your offering, are there any parts of your business in particular that you'll -- you think will benefit more the orthodontist versus the GPs or perhaps teen versus adult?
Thomas M. Prescott: I think the first place start -- we start with all of our new evolutions. We -- a really important part of our business is with the specialists, the orthodontist. That's both true in North America, where we have a very significant GP sort of customers. And it -- and then if you get outside the U.S., most orthodontics is treated by orthodontic specialists. So G5 will immediately, in North America and Europe, legitimately give us access to up to half of the flow of incoming patients, both teens and adults. They may present -- they likely present with more malocclusion diagnosis than just deep bite, but deep bite is often an important part of that treatment. So where they -- we're a strong advocate of Invisalign and may have been comfortable using Invisalign to treat a deep bite. It was sometimes challenging to create those set of movements. With the features we've got, with the ability to both extrude and intrude at the same time in a predictable way, we get the opportunity to, with all the other things they've got to do, maybe treat a cross bite to do all that in, I say, a predictable way. So deep bite will help us for adults and teens. It'll help us with the specialists for sure around the world. And then ultimately, there's a fair number of GPs that use fixed appliances as well and treat orthodontics as well as other dental specialties. So I think as doctors get to try deep bite and to see it is a kit, it's a whole solution, they're going to find it's just a lot easier to use it. And over time, again office by office, we're going to earn the opportunity to get that next case switched from brackets to Invisalign. And it just takes time. As I said, it's office by office.
Shirley Stacy: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Investor Relations. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-17 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy Thomas M. Prescott - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David L. White - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Align Technology Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may now begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communication and Investor Relations. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and David White, CFO. We issued third quarter fiscal year 2013 financial results press release today via market wire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is also being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern time on October 25, 2013. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial (877) 660-6853, with conference number 421424 followed by pound. International callers should dial (201) 612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the executive financial results for the fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2013. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties, such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other results -- these and other risks are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During today's conference call, we will provide listeners with several financial metrics, determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. These items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and the reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures are contained in today's financial results press release, which we have posted on our website at investor.aligntech.com under Financial Releases and have been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. We've also posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our third quarter conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you, all, for joining us today. I'd like to personally welcome, David White, our new CFO, to Align. I'm excited to have him join our executive team. For those of you that haven't met David yet, he started the 1st week of August just after we reported Q2 results. He's hit the ground running and he's quickly coming up to speed in our business. On the call today, I'll provide some highlights from our third quarter results and briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Invisalign Clear Aligners and iTero scanner and CAD/CAM services, including some color on our customer channels and geographies. David will share more detail on our Q3 financials, discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter and I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions. I'm pleased to report another very good quarter for Align, with revenue, gross margin and EPS higher than our outlook. Further, we achieved record levels of revenue, Invisalign case volume and North America iTero scanner volume, enabling us to reach the low end of our long-term model for our operating margin, while generating strong operating cash flow. The third quarter includes the seasonally slower period in Europe and North America for our GP dentists, along with the peak of the summer season for teenage orthodontic case starts. We're pleased that patient traffic appears to have remained solid for our North American ortho customers this summer, which resulted in strong sequential and year-over-year growth for Invisalign volume, especially in the important teenage patient segment. For Q3, total Invisalign case shipments increased to nearly 107,000 cases worldwide for the first time. Year-over-year growth was driven by continued expansion of our customer base, as well as increased Invisalign utilization. Improvements in product and technology over the past few years, including our new SmartTrack Aligner Material, are helping build even greater clinical confidence so our doctors will utilize Invisalign more often and on more complex cases. Doctors continue to give SmartTrack Aligner Material high marks on performance, with 78% of doctors surveyed agreeing that SmartTrack supports better clinical outcomes. SmartTrack Aligner Material also recently received the Top 100 Product accolades from Dentistry Today as the winner of the 2013 Pride best-in-class award, which will be presented at the upcoming ADA meeting in New Orleans in 2 weeks. Future results also reflect solid growth from iTero scanner and CAD/CAM services business. I'll start with a quick recap of a few key metrics for Invisalign, covering utilization, training and teenage ortho market penetration. But rather than going to a lot of detail here, I recommend that you reference our Q3 earnings slides posted on our website. For Q3, total Invisalign utilization was 4.3 cases per doctor, a slight decrease from Q2 at 4.4, which reflects an increase in utilization by North American orthodontists, offset by North American GPs and European doctors. This is consistent with the seasonally slower period for these customers and geographies. In Q3, we continue to expand our base of Invisalign providers, adding 90 North American orthodontists, 705 North American GP dentists and 840 international doctors for a total of 1,635 new Invisalign doctors. During the quarter, total teenagers treated with Invisalign increased to 28,900 and had a year-over-year increase of 18% and a sequential increase of 23%. For North American orthodontists, Q3 case volume of 41,600 cases increased 16% year-over-year and 5% sequentially, primarily reflecting continued increases in utilization, along with some contribution from new orthodontist submitters. These results reflect our continued focus on driving adoption and utilization of Invisalign into the very important teenage orthodontic market. While we are still assessing the market data from the summer teen season, we believe we gained some teen share of overall orthodontic case starts. For North American GP dentists, Q3 Invisalign case volume of 38,500 cases increased 11% year-over-year, primarily reflecting an expanding customer base, along with increased utilization. On a sequential basis, GP case volume was down slightly as expected given the seasonally slower summer period for most GP practices. For international doctors, Q3 Invisalign case volume of 26,800 cases increased 22% year-over-year and was down modestly from Q2 as expected, reflecting summer holidays for our customers, especially in the southern European countries. We continue to see strong volume growth for our Asia Pacific region, which was up sequentially and year-over-year. That strong volume growth in Asia-Pacific came from our traditional direct country markets of Japan and China, as well as our new direct country markets in Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong. Collectively, this region continues to represent a great growth opportunity for Align. For Japan, Q3 was another record quarter for Invisalign volume. Strong growth was driven by the continued increase in the submitter base. We're also seeing positive trends in teen submissions, as a result of expanded training for Japanese doctors on the Invisalign teen product, which began in July. Product innovations like Invisalign G4 and SmartTrack really hit home in the market like Japan where the cases are very complex. For China, Q3 was also a record quarter, with strong sequential and year-over-year growth in Invisalign volume. These results reflect continued good execution of our strategic investments over the past few years. The China team continues to deliver outstanding clinical education, provide high-impact clinical and customer support and facilitate peer-to-peer advocacy, all of which support our strong progress. Much of this effort is being helped by key opinion leaders at the premiere government hospitals and orthodontic and dental schools. As the dental market evolves in China, access to dental care is expanding. Fueling part of that expansion is the increasing number of clinics serving the growing middle class. Align is now working closely with a number of these high-quality operators that are actively marketing Invisalign to consumers. These clinics understand the value of the Invisalign brand and are working to make Invisalign a significant part of their practice. On an overall basis, in our direct coverage Europe region, case shipments increased in this region by 20% year-over-year led by Spain, France, Italy and Germany. Across the region, we've seen an increase in clinical confidence in our product, along with further expansion of our customer base and increased demand for shorter, simpler treatments. These trends, combined with our continuous investment in education and customer experience improvements are contributing to great progress for Invisalign in Europe. All country markets demonstrated a strong year-over-year growth for Invisalign case shipments, with the exception of the U.K., which decreased slightly compared to Q3 last year. While our team in U.K. continues to work against some economic headwinds, we are seeing some initial signs of recovery among orthodontists in the UK. Turning to our consumer program, late in Q2, we launched a new fully-integrated consumer advertising campaign in North America and Q3 was the first full quarter in the market. The Better Smile Everyday campaign continues our focus on women and moms and teenagers and it's launch was timed to coincide with the busy teen orthodontic season, which runs from late spring to the start of the new school year. We're pleased with the strong early metrics from the campaign, which combines TV and digital advertising, with social media and traditional media relations. Web traffic at invisalign.com continues at an all-time high and that's a strong indicator of consumer awareness and interest in Invisalign. And as result of great editorial coverage in key outlets such as Lucky magazine, Marie Claire and Working Mother, our year-to-date print and online media impressions are at an all-time high. Over time, we expect to convert this awareness and interest into patient starts in our customers' practices. Let's now shift to our scanner and CAD/CAM services segment, where we had a record quarter for scanner shipments in North America. We're continuing to build our scanner installed base. And by our estimates, we are growing faster than our competitors. These results reflect the selling leverage we are gaining for major Invisalign customer events such as the Invisalign GP Summit held in July, as well as Invisalign orthodontic forums, a key clinical education event held throughout Q3. This progress and the feedback we continue to receive from iTero customers supports our belief that we have the best scanner with the greatest utility in the industry. An important part of our scanner business strategy is to improve the customer and patient Invisalign experience through the use of scanners to replace PVS impressions. We are definitely seeing leverage as our case submissions from digitally screened -- digitally scanned impressions continue to increase consistently. As of Q3, the percentage of Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scan rose to 25% in Q3 compared to 22% in Q2 and 13% in Q3 a year ago. Doctors, staff members and especially patients are all happy about this trend, as they see faster cycle times, better aligner fit and a far better experience. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to David for a review of our Q3 financial results. David?
David L. White: Thanks, Tom. I appreciate the warm welcome. It's great to be here at Align on my first earning -- quarterly earnings call, especially after such great results. Before I get into the details, I'd like to note that unless stated otherwise, all the financial information I'll discuss will be presented on a GAAP basis. Now with that, let's review our third quarter results. As Tom mentioned, our revenues for the third quarter amounted to $164.5 million, up slightly from the prior quarter and up 20.5% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. Third quarter clear aligner revenue of $153.5 million was relatively flat sequentially and was up 21.2% year-over-year. Sequential revenue growth was driven primarily by seasonal strength in the North American Ortho market, which reflects a 27% sequential increase in number of teenage cases in North America. This was offset somewhat by a decrease in international cases and lower international ASPs. North America ASPs were flat. Our year-over-year growth reflected higher Invisalign volumes across all geographies, channels and products. Turning to our third quarter scanner and CAD/CAM services segment. Revenue was $11 million, half of which related to scanners and the balance of which related to services. This represented a 4.1% sequential increase and a 12.1% increase year-over-year. Third quarter scanner volume was up 32% over the last quarter, which reflected record volumes in North America. Moving on to gross margin and operating expenses. Third quarter gross margin was 76.0%, up sequentially half of a point and up 2.4 points over a non-GAAP gross margin reported in the same quarter last year. Clear aligner gross margin for the third quarter was 79.9%. This was up 1.5 points sequentially and up 2.3 points when compared with gross margin reported in the same quarter last year. The sequential increase was a result of 2 primary factors: First, a more favorable product mix shift to higher-priced products; and secondly, as a result of updating our midcourse correction policy last quarter, we expensed a modest increase in mid-course correction cases and a corresponding reduction in our warranty claims. This necessitated a modest true-up of our revenue deferrals and warranty reserves, which actually resulted in a reduction in our overall gross profit of approximately $1.1 million. However, the impact on gross margin was favorable by about 0.7 points. The year-over-year increase in gross margins primarily reflects higher ASPs, resulting from our price increase, which was effective at the beginning of 2013 as well as the aforementioned impact from the change in our mid-course correction policy. Q3 gross margin for scanners and CAD/CAM services was 22.2%. This compares to 33.9% in Q2 and non-GAAP gross margin of 21.6% in the same quarter last year. The sequential decrease primarily reflects lower scanner ASPs as a result of a reduction in the list price of our current scanner, combined with the promotion to sell our older scanners, as well as higher manufacturing costs. Our year-over-year improvement in this segment -- segment's margins was primarily the result of lower manufacturing costs, which were partially offset by lower ASPs. Q3 operating expenses were $83.6 million. This was down $2.2 million sequentially as a result of fewer customer events in the quarter as well as less media cost. On a year-over-year basis, non-GAAP operating expenses were up $12.7 million, incidental to the growth of our business, as well as the impact of the medical device excise tax levied on our U.S. revenues. Our third quarter operating margin was 25.2%, up 2.1 points quarter-over-quarter and up 3.6 points when compared to a non-GAAP operating margin reported in the same quarter a year ago. With regards to our third quarter tax provision, results for the quarter benefited from a one-time tax credit of $1.3 million related to a true-up of our 2012 federal income taxes. Third quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.42 compared to $0.36 reported in the same -- in the prior quarter, and a non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.26 reported in the same quarter last year. Moving on to the balance sheet. For the third quarter, accounts receivable was $109.2 million, down approximately 3% sequentially. Our overall DSO was 60 days, a 2-day improvement sequentially and a 10-day improvement over the same period a year ago. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $5.8 million. Cash flow from operations was $55.1 million. And free cash flow, defined as cash flow from operations, less capital expenditures amounted to $49.3 million. Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including both short and long-term investments, were $400.4 million. This compared to $356.1 million at the end of 2012. Now let's turn to our business outlook for the fourth quarter's and the factors that inform our view. While typically the third quarter reflects the peak season for teenage orthodontic case starts, the fourth quarter is often a slower period for North American orthos, as fewer teenagers start orthodontic treatment once the school year has started. As such, we expect North American orthos to be down sequentially in Q4. Offsetting this trend, our fourth quarter's historically been a stronger quarter for our international doctors and North American GPs as they rebound from a seasonally slower summer quarter. We expect volume for both international and North American GPs to be up sequentially in Q4. Our scanner business performed very well this past quarter despite an increasingly competitive environment and we expect our scanner volumes to remain consistent with third quarter performance. Our strong Q3 results reflect stable patient traffic in our customers' offices and our outlook for Q4 assumes this trend will continue. With this as a backdrop, we expect our fourth quarter to shape up as follows: Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 109,700 to 112,100 cases, reflecting a 21% to 24% year-over-year growth. We expect revenues to be in the range of $169.1 million to $173.1 million. We expect gross margin to be in the range of 74.7% to 75.3%, which primarily reflects higher training costs and mixed shift to lower-priced Invisalign products, that is less Invisalign Teen and more Invisalign Express. We expect operating expenses to be in the range of $83.8 million to $85.4 million, which primarily reflects continued investment in products and technologies as well as continued market expansion. Our operating margin should be in the range of 25.2% to 26.0%. Our effective tax rate should be approximately 21% and diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 82.2 million. Taken together, we expect diluted EPS to be in the range of $0.41 to $0.43. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Tom for his closing comments.
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, David. There's a lot of good work going on by the Align Technology team, and I'm very pleased to see our strong results reflect that effort. We continue to deliver solid execution of our long-term strategic plan and expect to continue those key initiatives, which are at the core of our progress. Our results also reflect stable patient traffic in our customers' offices and their willingness to let us become a more significant part of their practices. Our goal is to become their best partner in practice, providing great opportunities for growth, with every potential patient asking for Invisalign by name. We look forward to seeing our investors during the busy time for conferences and industry trade shows as well as reporting back to you with our year-end results in January. And with that, let's go to the -- with the question and answer session, operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: What a difference a year makes, Tom, David. Just looking at the ASPs, second straight quarter, where we saw some strong -- some support there on ASPs, actually some improvement across all the segments, I guess, could you talk a little bit more about the drivers of ASP and how we should be thinking about the pricing power going forward? Just really trying to figure out how much of this is a result of maybe comps versus an actual firming of pricing of your products in the market?
David L. White: Hi, Robert, this is David. I'll see if I can't answer that for you. When you look at ASPs, as we publish on the website and so forth, those are an aggregate ASP for the entire company. And so one of the things that you don't necessarily see in there is what impact mix has on that. And so as you look at, if you look our business quarter-over-quarter, our Teen business is up very strongly sequentially and that came at the expense of some of the lower-end products that carry lower ASPs. And so those -- that tends to -- that mix shift there tends to cause the worldwide ASPs sometimes to look a little bit off. As it relates to your question about the purchasing price or the purchasing power of our product and competitive pressures on our product, as you know, we made a slight increase in prices of our product at the beginning of the year. Some of that was a result of the new medical device tax and so forth. But at this point in time, we haven't really made any further adjustments on pricing since then. So the effect that I think you're seeing, from an external standpoint, has really more to do with mix shift than anything.
Thomas M. Prescott: And Robert, if I could just pile on, the slide that Shirley and the team have put in here, on the very last slide in our webcast slides really try to break out those effects net of mix. And if you look at that in general, I would say pricing is stable net of mix and other factors. And so it's not so much a comp issue. We're actually -- pricing is pretty stable.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then if I could just move over to the case guide, the 3% to 5% increase sequentially, seems like a big guide up, especially in light of some of the uncertainties that seem to be surrounding the consumer as we sit here in October, maybe more of a qualitative question, but was just wondering if you could talk a little bit of how you're factoring in some of the uncertainty in the marketplace and some of the pressures around consumer sentiment into your fourth quarter outlook?
Thomas M. Prescott: Let me maybe start and then may be a pull-up for David, since this is his first-cycle with us. I think his objective view might be useful here. But I guess what I'd first start with is that we have the same kind of visibility we always have in our business cycle, about 30 days or so. And what you're seeing is a fundamentally solid business today, with initiatives that are working for us. And I'd take you back to earlier in the year. We made investments exiting 2012 in headcount and coverage in our geographies: Europe, North America. We've made investments in new consumer programs. We spent a little more money. We've told our owners what we're doing purposely, our goal was to generate volume as we exit the year and we're starting to see that, so we're gratified by that. But it reflects what we're seeing in the business. And we're not smart enough to break apart all of the elements going on. But with that said, I think there's -- we've seen other data that patient traffic is stable to improving. Dental consumables are improving a bit. And when there's traffic in the offices, patients are willing to do a more expensive procedure, an implant, a restorative, then that means there that the road's wide open for us to get Invisalign growth. Maybe with that, I'll pivot -- let David build on his first-cycle here, preparing the guidance.
David L. White: Thanks, Tom. Robert, I guess I would -- when I first joined the company, I would've thought that given 25,000 customers that we ship to in a quarter, that forecasting the business would lend itself to some econometric model. But as you kind of look under the hood, what you realize is we have a small number of doctors that have a very healthy practice with us that is fairly stable and relatively predictable. But on the other flipside of that, we have a lot of doctors that do a small amount of business with us, and that particular segment of our business tends to be more difficult to predict. So when I look at the process and so forth, we have a process that kind of does a bottoms up view from the field, in terms of where -- what our territory managers and so forth are seeing as they talk to their customers. We have a view from the tops down of the company, which takes a look at our own statistical correlation of trends and so forth. And then as Tom was saying, we also look at patient traffic and so forth and some of these other external data points, and we triangulate across all of those to come up with our best view of the world. It's -- from what I can tell and, I think, from what some of you have experienced, it's not perfect. We'd like it to get better. But I think what I can tell you, at least from what I've seen and observed and so forth, is I think we have a robust process. And I'd say it's representative of best practices across many industries.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: All make sense. Just a last one David, I'd slide in just on the back of that. Any thoughts, I know kind of early days for you, but any thoughts about extending the outlook that you guys do provide? I know it's something that us on the sales side and I'm sure investors would appreciate very much.
David L. White: Not at this point. We give a long-term operating model. I think our operating model is where we are steering the company towards and those are the results we're trying to head towards. So probably not at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kreger from William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: David, maybe just a quick follow-on to Bob's question. Any early thoughts on 2014? Obviously, you're not in the mode of providing full year guidance, but are there any kind of key issues that you think we ought to be thinking about that could be key swing factors, particularly around margins?
David L. White: Well, John, a pleasure talking to you again. I guess what I would -- what I've observed and, I think, what you've observed as well is our business does have some degrees of cyclicality in it. Our business, certainly, from a revenue standpoint, has seasonality. Q3 perhaps being the largest manifestation of that. But further than that, there's other elements of our business that had cyclicality to it as well. Our media expenses, for example, might run counter seasonal. Then we make investments in the business that sometimes tend to be bulky and done on an as-needed basis and are not -- don't follow a pattern of repetition. So when you look at our Q3 performance that we've just announced and our Q4 guidance, I guess, the thing I would comment on is that I wouldn't use those 2 data points to extrapolate going forward. Because of that seasonality and because those 2 quarters alone do not manifest, I think, all the cyclicality that our business deals with. I think more representative of that -- of our business, however, there's our annual operating results. And I think that's probably the best guide because our annual results include -- incorporate all of those cycles in them. As you think about, going forward, as I said on the prior question, our targeted operating model is 25 to 30 points. And I think at some point, as we get to being able to consistently land within that operating model, at some point, we'll then update the model. But at this point, I think that the best guidance I can give you is the operating model we've already talked about.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just one last one and I'll stop. Could you give us an update on how realign is faring with the Henry Schein salesforce?
Thomas M. Prescott: I'll take that one, John. We're in very early days there. It is -- the Schein team and the Align team are working hard to ensure that the kind of the early customers and the field reps that are moving this have great experiences and we learn a lot from those cycles and make sure the product works perfectly for the patient. And Dr. Phil is creating the practice. So we kind of thought about the first year at startup. And we're right in the middle of that learning cycle, we're collectively about to head off to a trade show, the ADA, there's greater New York, there's some important cycles where Align will be out there in the market and Schein will be out there in the market, and we're going to have a chance to have that discussion with customers. So very early days, not going to be material for a significant amount of time, but way more strategic than kind of tactical. I don't know if that's what you're looking for. That's where I'll stop.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And are you still comfortable, Tom, that the margins on that product can be consistent with the rest of the business?
Thomas M. Prescott: Yes. Short answer is yes. When we -- if we stack up the take out in marketing, professional marketing demand creation, go-to-market, our contribution margins will be similar to, on a net basis, similar to, say, an Express product for example, where we got direct sales and marketing involved.
David L. White: At the operating level.
Thomas M. Prescott: At the operating margin level, below gross margin for sure, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Lewis from Roth Capital Partners.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: First, I guess, Tom, you mentioned the North American Ortho case volume strength was driven partially by new ortho submitters. So I guess, can you just talk a bit more about what's driving those new orthos coming on board?
Thomas M. Prescott: It's really a couple of things. We've got more of those coming out of their graduate programs, maybe didn't get enough Invisalign in their program and as they're coming to a practice, they're very interested in, just trying to do Invisalign, that's 1. Two is we have some great established ortho practices that maybe got trained 10 or 12 years ago. I would say back in the early days, we weren't ready for prime time. They didn't have a great experience with the product. Couldn't address very complex needs. And as they've seen our progression, they have come to the view that they need to get on board. And so we've had a number of terrific kind of market-leading practices, want to reengage. In our mind, those are new practices, we haven't had business with them for years. And so that's the other part of the mix. Both are very positive, small numbers, but I think what's more important is what those kinds of practices represent over the next 3 to 5 years.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then, just on the gross margin side for the fourth quarter guidance, it's down sequentially. I think, you had mentioned some product mix, lower-priced products there, but can you just discuss a little further what other factors might be planned into that? And then, longer term, as we look on to 2014, how should we think about that gross margin trend unit?
David L. White: Chris, let me see if I can give you a little color. As you look at our margins in the third quarter, they're, I think, almost a record, if they're not a record for the company, on the Invisalign side of the business. As we shift into Q4, however, though, we're going to see a lesser mix of you might say, the top end of our product line and that's going to get displaced with more volume in the lower end. So that mix shift is going to bring margins down to some extent. Then in my prepared comments, I made a comment that we had this mid-course correction that caused an adjustment to our deferrals, which is about 0.7 points of margin effect sequentially to Q3, but that's nonrecurring in Q4. And so we don't have the benefit of that in Q4. We also -- we'll have more training events this quarter. And when you -- we don't -- our training business is not an 80-point margin business. And so that will tend to drag the margins down a little bit as well. And offsetting those 3 is the fact that we -- is our scanner margins should improve quarter-over-quarter as well. And so the net of that is that margins should be down sequentially a little bit. As it relates to '14, again, I guess, the best guidance I could give you would be to look at the full year results, look at the trends, look at the -- and look at the operating margin, the targets or the business model that we talked about and I would plan off of those things.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. And if I could sneak one more in. Tom, just going back to the visibility into the business, I was hoping you could talk about how maybe that's evolved over the past, say, 12 months. Seems like, I think, you're talking about improving that visibility in recent quarters, some office surveys and other initiative to gauge more of a month-to-month trend in patient traffic and other market trends. So how has that evolved over the past year compared to third quarter of last year? And then, how that contributed in the fourth quarter guidance that was given today?
Thomas M. Prescott: So I'll take my shot with -- while I'm knocking on wood, we're glad to have the positive results. I think, the starting point for all this is: A, we have the same kind of visibility we've always had in the core flow of the business; and then, B, our customers don't forecast, so asking them forecasting questions doesn't necessarily lead you to a factual framework you can count on. What is different, there are a few things different. The evolution of business this Q3 and Q4 from last year is fundamentally different. Patient traffic started declining in U.S. dentists office in the middle of Q2 last year, as we reconstructed all that. Procedures started falling with them, and mix shifted to lower value procedures, that really wasn't visible well into Q3 and we didn't really see it until summer didn't kind of bounce back. So that's different and that's why we keep stressing that stable to slightly improving patient traffic, mix in procedures is a really good thing for us. It's a good thing for everybody, but it's really good for Invisalign. To your second point about what we're doing differently, we do a lot more differently, a lot of things differently. When you get it wrong or you get humbled or you get surprised, you ask yourself a lot of questions about what can we do. Everything's on the table. We have instituted a whole series of what we internally call poll surveys. And it's not so much of forecasting, I just call it observational. We haven't been at that even a full year yet now in detail. And I would say we're far short of predictable kind of results. Our goal over time is going to be able to correlate some of that with other external factors like patient traffic. Empirical data we can observe. But boy, we're well short of what I'd call predictive capabilities. So what is reflected in our outlook, what is reflected in our results is good execution of business and everything we can control and a very solid environment out there in the countries that matter for us. And then, maybe the third fact is we have this very low penetration for Invisalign into a pretty big darn space and we still have a lot of headroom.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wonder, Tom, if we're far enough along that you could give us a little bit more granularity on what you're seeing with SmartTrack? Have you been able to get a view of what kind of impact that's having in practices that were maybe early adopters or beta testers, any discernible or hopefully quantifiable impact on how the mix of ortho cases there is impacted in terms of the percentage of cases that are going to Aligners in those practices?
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. Simple answer is for the most frequent users of Invisalign, including some of those that were in the pilots, even a year before we released, and others that just see, most quickly see the benefits, they have virtually all expanded case complexity and gotten most of the benefit out of it. We are still, I would say, working through our complete customer base. For a customer that does, even a great orthodontist that's only doing 10 or 15 a year, it's taking them longer to see the benefits because they generally are treating simpler cases. And they're just -- they don't have the at-bats that a high-volume doc doing 200 or 300 Invisalign cases a year would. But on those higher volume practices that are -- their progression has been towards greater complexity and earning a bigger part of their practice. And they say kind of yes to Invisalign more often when that patient asks, that's the short answer.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Is there a case for 5 points of mix shift over some horizon, can you quantify any of this for us?
Thomas M. Prescott: It's not -- I wish it was as simple as that. We actually have some internal ways we measure it. And we look at the kind of the incidences, what presents with a -- at an average orthodontist or dentist office for the malocclusion and put them into categories, and then we look at what that incidence is and then what they treat against that mix. That same chart varies widely by the practice and how much they've adopted Invisalign. So we have 2 things. In our most ardent supporters, we get the biggest chunk of their Class 1 crowding cases, adult and even teens. And again, teens are harder cases to fill because everybody's aiming for absolutely perfect. And if they think they're making any clinical tradeoffs, they're going to be more resistant using Invisalign. But at least for adults, we're doing very well there. As you get over towards more straightforward Class 2 or even hard Class 3, the doctors that have got the greatest confidence and have had the greatest results with Invisalign are much more comfortable offering that to an adult patient. So there's a temporal framework that goes along that opportunity. The least frequent users are the least penetrated to those indications would be most around Class 1. And the most frequent users who have the greatest confidence are doing it on much more complex cases. So it's not as simple, I'm sorry to say, I wish it was, to say there's a projection of growth or share, but both are being driven by evolutions like SmartTrack and G4 that give us both greater confidence and because they're getting better results with those tools.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then, as my follow-up, I wonder if you could give us an update on your thinking around partnerships in the world of inter-oral scanners. I wonder if there's any new thinking there? And I wonder, now that you have a relationship with Henry Schein that's expanded, if that might be a gateway, if some of the Henry Schein partnerships might be more logical for you? And then, I'll drop.
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. Thanks, Steve. The update is when there's news to talk about for interoperability, we will be happy to do so. We think it's strategically valuable. You saw we keep going up around 250 to 300 basis points quarter-over-quarter in cases coming, just with the iTero base among our customers. And we know there's interest out there. So it's in our best strategic interest to have those partnerships and you ought to assume that we're interested in doing that. But until we get there and can actually validate appropriate high quality scanners, I don't want to project.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Cooley from Stephens.
Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Could you help us think more towards gross margins and specifically, when we think about the contribution of fourth quarter and out in the '14 for more value-oriented product offerings like Express 5, how do we think about that in combination with the ramp of Realine, which I realize is still in early days right now, but assuming it has to become a bigger part of the mix, how do we kind of weigh that when we kind of think forward on the gross margin guidance? And I have a quick follow-up.
David L. White: Yes. Again, we've had a few questions about 2014, and I guess, it's not surprising given our results in Q3 and Q4. As Tom said earlier, as it relates to Realine, it's really too early to call, to put a vector on that and to give any guidance as it relates to how that product will impact overall mix. As it relates to gross margins, we've continued to comment, I think, that as we look over the long term, that the percentage of cases that we treat, particularly for simple cases with adults and so forth will increase, and that will potentially drive down margins -- drive down ASPs, I should say. And clearly, our margins are influenced by product mix. But given that we're still growing well into double-digits year-over-year, while that may have some bearing on the directional indicators for margins, these gross margins, I don't think they'll necessarily have an indication of an effect, I guess, on operating margins. So going back to, I guess, the comments I made before, I think the best guidance for '14 is, again, going to be our operating model that we talked about.
Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. And then, maybe just as a quick follow-up. When we think about the scanner business, 22.2%, I believe, the gross for the quarter, could you give us a feel there in terms of the mix, what's being placed versus what's actually being sold into the channel and how that may or may not be changing?
Thomas M. Prescott: I'll see if I can take that one, and David can pile on if he wants to. First of all, the reported gross margins are nowhere near where we want them to be or where we expect to get them over time. If I understood your question, in terms of new systems going in versus services stream, was that the question?
Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Thomas M. Prescott: I think, we spoke about roughly half and half in terms of the mix of services against new scanner placements.
David L. White: I would just add to that, as our scanners -- as we continue to penetrate the market with more and more scanners, that mix should go more favorably towards the service and licensing sides of that over time.
Thomas M. Prescott: With higher margins.
David L. White: Over time with higher margins.
Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division: If I could, Tom, just to follow on or to clarify that, when the actual system is placed, is the system sold outright or they placed early on, on a volume commitment, I'm just trying to tease out why the margin's at 22%?
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, the margin's at 22% because our build material and cost of goods, we have the best scanner in the market and we don't make money on them. We -- and with pricing that has come down over the last 1.5 years, 2 years, with a lot of competitive entries, we've met that pricing, pricing is actually stabilizing a bit in the scanner market, have raised -- coming up a little bit. And we do think scanners will be ubiquitous. We think it's critically important for us to be at chair-side in the middle of a clinical discussion with the patient right there, and then, creating advantages for our Invisalign franchise and other things we intend to do over the long term. So with that said, the gross margins aren't anywhere near where we want them on the scanner. We intend to fix that over time. The services stream is better and we think we've actually got some strategic advantage there over time. But it's just the build material that's expensive, and it's the best scanner in the market, which is a kick, but we'll fix that over time.
David L. White: Yes, and just to add to that, as I said earlier, just to make it maybe clearly, state it more clearly, that service element should grow against -- it's in proportion with the install base, and not in proportion to the number of systems we're selling in any particular quarter. The other thing, as you talk about the 22% gross margins in the second -- in the third quarter, some of that was also the result of the fact that we were selling, under promotional programs, some of our older scanners. So that had -- that promotion to kind of move some of that inventory had a dampening effect on margins in the third quarter and that's one of the reasons why the margins in that business should be up in the fourth.
Thomas M. Prescott: Chris, I just realized, I didn't answer a part of your question. You were theorizing maybe there was placements instead of sales, we really don't do that. So those are all sales. Whether there was a financing involved, we don't finance either, but whether it was financed for us, it was a net sale, period.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: All of my questions have largely been answered here, let me just ask one, Tom. I want to make sure I understand the timing comments on the DTC, I was surprised, your DTC spending may be down this quarter, I know it had kind of flared up in the second quarter as you launched some of these new programs. And so is that just kind of a normal kind of ebb and flow of that spending? How are you thinking about maybe DTC spending given that it seems to be generating some nice top line, how are you thinking about that spending over the next several quarters to couple of years?
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. I think, as David was talking about, the broader issue of the timing and mix of spending isn't always in the same cycle with volume expansion given cyclicality, seasonality et cetera. And the example, I believe, was summertime is typically our strongest media, traditional media, digital media, everything else. And it's often a softer quarter, given the seasonality, people out on holiday in Europe, and certainly in North America, where we advertise most. So in general, there is a general consistency to our program spending on consumer and that is light in Q1, heavier exiting Q1, stronger into Q2, setting up for the summer season, heaviest spending exiting Q2 into the summer, and then pretty strong through all the summer, slowing as we exit Q3 into Q4. And you probably shouldn't see us by the time Christmas advertising is on in general just because there's so much noise. That is -- and now there's a whole -- there's a parallel mix of digital PR. Again, this integrated campaign, if you see for every TV commercial that you might see on one of the -- Bravo or one of the channels we work with, there's probably 10x that activity through multiple other platforms, whether it's Pandora for radio, whether it's gaming and other things. So that's the visible part in traditional media on TV. But again, there is generally the same profile for that spending in North America. Does that get at your question?
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, that does. And I guess, last year, you had obviously some timing shifts or some fall off probably to that normal cyclicality, just given the Olympics and that, but I would assume, looking forward, nothing on the horizon we need to be thinking about that might shift that timing, at least in the near intermediate term?
Thomas M. Prescott: The Winter Olympics is nowhere near the media frenzy of Summer Olympics. We don't have an election year. There's a lot of things that you have to engineer around in the media world. This should -- I don't know what normal is in the dental industry but if we had to imagine a normal, this feels like more of a normal. Now the second thing is we were off the air a bit more exiting '12 because we were getting ready to launch a whole new campaign. And I think, when we spoke about our guidance in January for the year, we were talking about investing in new assets, a creation of new creative and materials and all the associated elements that go along on the digital side and everything else. So all that, that's where the spending was, it wasn't necessarily visible media that was part of the first half year -- first half of the year profile in greater spending. So again -- but in general, you should expect stepwise expansion investment and the same kind of impact that we expect to get for payback year-to-year.
Shirley Stacy: Operator, we'll take one more question, please -- we'll take 2 more questions, we've got time for 2.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard from Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: David, just curious if you could give us an update on where we stand on the NOLs and when you expect to have to begin paying cash taxes, whether that's anytime soon?
David L. White: So I'll say, we do pay -- I'll be clear here, we do pay some cash taxes. Typically, those are in foreign jurisdictions and in states here in the U.S.. As far as our U.S. federal return is concerned, we do have NOL carryforwards. And currently, today, obviously, we're making money here in the U.S.. Those taxes, however -- that income, however, though, the taxes on net income, we do have the benefit of R&D tax credit, which offsets that to some degree, we also have the benefit of stock exercises and the ability to deduct some of that off of it. And so it means that we use up less of our NOL than what we might have otherwise in the absence of those credits. Altogether, our estimation is that our NOLs will probably run sometime into or through around 2015.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Great. And then, just one more for you, given this is your first conference call as the new CFO, I would be curious to hear your view around how you think about capital allocation and share repurchase in general with cash building on the balance sheet pretty substantially here?
David L. White: Well, I guess, I would say, philosophically, that if a company is accumulating cash and doesn't have a need for that cash to either grow its business and just to run the business, then at some point, there should be a plan to figure out how to return that to shareholders. That said, we just finished here in line, as I'm sure you know, $150 million stock repurchase plan in the June quarter. 95 -- $93 million of which was spent in that quarter. And so we just completed one of those plans. We haven't really quite come up for air yet. I would tell you that as we kind of look at our annual plan for next year and our 5-year strategic plan, we are right now pulling together what we think our investment requirements are going to be for the company. And clearly, those investments will, at some point, are going to mean added manufacturing capacity, market expansions, we're going to have both domestic needs, as well as international needs. And at this point, we haven't really assimilated how all that's going to fit together. But at some point, we will in the not-too-distant future here. And to the extent we come to a conclusion, at least with the board, that we have excess cash that we don't need as a company. We'll figure out what plan we're going to do with it. But right now, as of today, we're just not ready to declare what that next step will be. But I think, if you can be patient with us, we'll probably have more to say about that in the not-too-distant future.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of John Block from Stifel Nicolaus.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Maybe I can just slip in 2 or 3 questions. I guess, the first one, on the investment side, and I'm also guessing people are going to stop asking if you're staying by your long-term margin guidance, on the investment side, you've done a ton in the past 12 months, APAC, you've added North American reps, you did some work in the international side, and then you're starting to obviously post a leverage. I think, in the past, the spend has been very lumpy. And so, Tom, can you just speak broadly about incremental investments from here, maybe not detailing what exactly they're going to be, but again, will you pull back at all, will they be as lumpy as they've been in the past? Any color would be great.
Thomas M. Prescott: I guess, I have to start with the word lumpy. From our perspective, the business cycle itself here in the dental industry is cyclical. Maybe use that instead of lumpy. And in many areas, these investments, it doesn't make sense to line up investment choices that are multiyear in nature and have a strategic value to fit them perfectly, maybe fit them generally, yes, but not fit them perfectly into that kind of annual cycle we see. Q3 being a great example of one that's softer. So where we choose to make investments that during a quarter or 2 would take operating margins down a little bit, as we did in Q1 when -- or into Q2 as well where we talked about it with the yearend results in January of this year, we also made the commitment that we expected to be able to generate volume growth. And I think, David said it well earlier, we think looking at the model, in terms of our annual performance is the right way to look, and so the question is going to be we know that's not how you have to model on a quarterly basis and the reports you put out, but from our perspective, we're trying to deliver an annual result with the quarters that make sense, and some of the spending, an example is consumer is going to be in advance of that volume step up. And in this case, this year, it was also on top of substantial headcount investment that we had all completed by end of Q1. All that headcount was in North American sales force on an incremental basis. And you had virtually none of the volume was coming in yet. We had a new media camp, a new consumer campaign going on yet, with very little impact felt yet. So that's great examples of where it's the right thing to do and the timing is better to get at it quickly and get it in. So simply stated, I think, we will continue to be a little more cyclical in our total operating margin profile. But where we are on the lower side of that, I believe we'll continue to articulate what the spending is going towards so that our owners can understand that the kinds of things we're investing in, we have high confidence will lead to either increased earnings, in the case of the right kind of factory, or increasing volume, and ultimately, operating margins on an annual basis.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, just shifting gears over to teen, it was up 18% year-over-year and it looks like some of that was a little bit lower on teen growth from GPs. It's certainly good numbers, but it's a second quarter in a row where you sort of had a decel into the mid to high-teen level, and then it goes mid-20s in 2012. So I'm just trying to find something to pick on. I mean, what do you think about growth in teen going forward? You mentioned, hey, they're looking for perfection. Is SmartTrack starting to give them better conviction that they can get there with Invisalign? Again, any thoughts would be great.
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. If this is the only thing we've given you to pick on, I'm really happy as CEO. Look, first of all, we're thrilled with the progress we're making. We've said for a long time that earning that marginal teen case is the hardest case to wrestle away from brackets and wires, which is still standard of care. So we have to be better than brackets and wires in many ways. And we're getting there. Now I think it was a question earlier that I answered, that was comparing where each practices and their adoption and their clinical confidence, a practice that uses a lot of Invisalign in adults and teens doesn't seem to worry about it. They'll lead with Invisalign. A practice that's more conservative that is just now maybe starting to get SmartTrack is just now starting to get more complex crowding cases on adults. And so our goal is over time, is to move practice by practice, this progression through and have them see that experience firsthand, have the patients be thrilled, get those great results. And that just reinforces their own journey. So it's literally that practice by practice process that we're encouraging. On a numbers basis, we get big enough. The denominator gets tougher, 18%, 21%. We're in the right neighborhood and we're thrilled with the process. SmartTrack is a big part of that, G4, all the rest of it. We can't do enough consumer advertising if the product -- if they're not confident the product doesn't work. So the right coverage in clinical education and clinical support, the right product evolution and the right consumer, those 3 legs of the stool go together really well for the teen market and we're very confident over the mid to longer-term, our goal is frankly to become standard of care in orthodontics. The teen market is the last place, we'll get there.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last question, if I can just jump in there David, this might be for you. International ASP, and those slides are helpful, but international ASP looked like it was down sequentially despite what I believe was an extra month from APAC in a euro that went in your favor. So what am I missing on why international ASP would just be down Q over Q?
David L. White: Well, you're right to pick up on foreign exchange. I mean, that was a benefit to us, about $1 million in the quarter. But again, back to the comment I made before, when you look at these ASPs, it's an average across the mix of products that we're selling. And so, when that mix changes, the ASP can come down, even though -- you can point to examples where the price on every single product could go up quarter-over-quarter, but if the mix changes, the overall could look like it's going down. So there's really no trend there that I think you should be concerned about. It's really more of a mix shift than anything else, I believe.
Shirley Stacy: Well, operator, that concludes our formal comments today. We thank you for joining us and look forward to seeing you at upcoming financial conferences and interesting meetings. If you have any further comments or questions, please contact Investor Relations.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy Thomas M. Prescott - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Roger E. George - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Legal & Corporate Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Karen Silva
Analysts: Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division Spencer Nam - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Jeffrey Bailin Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Align Technology Q2 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; Roger George, Vice President, Corporate and Legal Affairs, General Counsel and Interim CFO; and Karen Silva, Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller. We issued second quarter financial results, fiscal 2013 press release today via Marketwire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on April 20 -- excuse me, August 5th. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial (877) 660-6853 with conference number 411500 followed by #. International callers should dial (201) 612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements about Align's future events, product outlook and expected financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2013. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During today's call, we will provide listeners with several financial metrics, determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures where practical, are contained in today's financial results press release, which is posted on our website under Financial Releases and have furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. We've also posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our second quarter conference call slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. Finally, please note that our prepared remarks today are more concise than prior calls, and we've intentionally limited our commentary to key business metrics and financial highlights. This change in format is in response to direct feedback from a recent survey of our analysts and investors, and we hope that it addresses their request for briefer conference calls. We still include a large amount of information in our corresponding slide presentation, and we've added several new pages to this quarter's slide deck, which is posted on our Investor Relations website at investor.aligntech.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, everyone. On the call today, I'll provide an overview of our second quarter results and discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Invisalign clear aligners and the Scanner and CAD/CAM services business. We're pleased to report another good quarter with better-than-expected revenues, gross margin and earnings. Strong second quarter results were driven by higher Invisalign volumes and ASPs, with sequential growth across all customer channels. For Q2, total Invisalign case shipments grew across all customer channels to over 100,000 cases worldwide for the first time, with a total of 106,100 cases shipped. The year-over-year growth was driven by continued expansion of our customer base and increased Invisalign utilization. The sequential increase in Q2 reflects strong growth from our international doctors, as well as good growth from both North American GP dentists and orthodontists. Virtually all Invisalign products were up nicely year-over-year and sequentially. The exception was Invisalign Assist, which has been flat for the past few quarters as doctors have shifted to Invisalign Full and Teen cases more frequently. This is a natural progression as newly trained doctors become more experienced users and want to leverage the full offering. Acceleration of our new product development cycle and key feature improvements, such as Invisalign G4 and our new SmartTrack material, are helping drive increased utilization of Invisalign globally, especially among our higher volume customers. We continue to see good adoption and growth of Invisalign worldwide among more experienced customers, driven by increased confidence in the clinical outcomes, especially for more complex treatments, especially including teenagers. Q2 marks the beginning of the busy teen season for orthodontic case starts, as reflected by strong growth in Invisalign case shipments to teenage patients. Total teenagers treated with Invisalign increased to 23,500 cases in Q2, a year-over-year increase of 16% and a sequential increase of 2%. In Q2, we started to see the positive impact from expansion of our clear aligner product line, with value-based offerings like Express 5. These products are targeted to patients declining comprehensive treatment but who still want minor malocclusions treated. During Q2, we continue to see strong sequential growth from our value-based offerings, driven by better-than-expected demand for Invisalign Express 5 in North America and Invisalign i7 in Europe. Both of these offerings meet an important need for patients who want minor correction rather than comprehensive orthodontic treatment at least for now. Now let's shift to talk about customers and geographies, starting with a review of the key metrics around Invisalign in utilization and training. We continue to focus on building our customer base and driving increased utilization among new and existing practices. For Q2, total Invisalign utilization was 4.4 cases per doctor, an increase from 4.3 in Q1 2013 and Q2 2012, driven primarily by North American orthos and international doctors. In Q2 of 2013, we added 115 new active American orthos, 1,015 North American GPs and 1,020 international doctors for a total of 2,150 new Invisalign doctors. For North American orthodontists, Q2 Invisalign case volume of 39,500 cases increased 11.6% year-over-year, reflecting cases from new doctors, as well as increased utilization of Invisalign. Sequential growth of 4.1% was driven primarily by new submitting doctors, which reflects our focus on reengaging orthodontists who are Invisalign trained but have not actively used Invisalign in their practice for many years. For North American GP dentists, Q2 case volume of 39,300 cases increased 5.5% year-over-year and 7.1% sequentially, reflecting continued expansion of our GP customer base, as well as increased utilization. Q2 case shipments for our international doctors of 23 point -- 27,300 cases increased 20.7% year-over-year and 16.3% sequentially, reflecting strong growth from direct European countries while we continue to focus on product innovation and clinical education, which is resonating especially well among our orthodontic customers. All direct country geographies across Europe increased nicely despite widespread economic challenges, with notable growth in Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Spain, as well as the U.K., which appears to be rebounding. France continues to post the highest growth rate among our direct European countries, albeit off of a relatively small base of customers as making real progress in the Teen segment. Towards the end of Q2, we held our largest ever international summit in Rome, which focused on peer-to-peer learning and sharing of clinical techniques and case studies of more complex malocclusions. We believe it was the best international summit to date with over 300 Invisalign practices represented, mostly from Europe, as well as 50 doctors from the Asia Pacific region. These doctors were blown away by the complexity of cases and the quality of finishes shown. These doctors routinely treat the most complex cases and they're excited about our continued cycle of innovation and the significant improvements represented by G4 and SmartTrack, which are essential to treating these more difficult cases. I'll turn to Asia Pacific now. And prior to Q2, Japan and China were our only direct countries in the Asia Pacific region. But during this last quarter, we successfully completed the transition of countries managed by our Asia Pacific distributor back to direct sales and management by Align. More specifically, 6 country markets, including Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, Singapore, Macau and Malaysia are now part of the direct Invisalign sales region. And on May 1, we began to recognize direct sales at our full Invisalign average sales price or ASP, rather than a significantly discounted ASP under the distribution agreement. We now have an additional 47 employees in our Pan Asia operations. The remaining 7 country markets of Brunei, Indonesia, Philippines, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam will continue under the current distribution model but are now managed by our Align team. Our Managing Director for APAC, Julie Tay, is based in the middle of this important geography and has our new offices in Singapore up and running. I am very excited by the progress she's already made in building a Pan Asia Pacific organization and believe she and the team will help take this entire region to the next level in the coming years. I'll now briefly discuss our Q2 performance in our traditional direct countries, Japan and China, which continue to represent great growth opportunities for Align. In Japan, Q2 was another strong quarter for Invisalign case shipments, and we are pleased to see continued progress in this market. Growth was driven primarily by increased utilization, resulting from improved clinical confidence in Invisalign. While the Japanese market is still very early in development and small in terms of impact, we believe we can grow strongly over time. We're also starting to see increased awareness of the value of a beautiful smile that can be achieved through orthodontic treatment, including through clear aligner therapy and believe Invisalign can be a catalyst for real market growth. Q2 was a good quarter for China, with very strong year-over-year growth and increased repeat usage by doctors, demonstrating the depth of our current doctor base. We continue to gain traction in China by executing our strategy of gaining key endorsement and adoption of Invisalign from key universities and opinion leaders through professional education and clinical support. During Q2, 15 Chinese key opinion leaders, or KOLs, attended the Invisalign summit in Rome, which resulted in a very positive feedback about the product and increased confidence in what can be treated successfully with Invisalign. In addition, 75 key decision makers from 40 of China's leading private clinics attended our first Invisalign private clinic forum in Hangzhou, resulting in positive endorsement for how Invisalign can help build their practices. Finally, we are increasing our partnerships with top private practices that are actively promoting Invisalign on their own and want to build their own brands and reputations by aligning themselves with the world's leading clear aligner player, Invisalign. In Q2, we announced our first North American distribution agreement for an entry-level clear aligner product. I want to briefly recap the highlights from the launch of Realine, and initial response from our distribution partner, Henry Schein Dental. Realine is a 5-stage clear aligner product for cosmetic fixes and minor crowding and spacing issues, such as dental relapse. Realine offers GP dentists who are not currently using Invisalign to innovative technology and quality of Invisalign aligners as a competitively priced, easy-to-use product for patients with very simple treatment goals, especially among adults. There are approximately 100 million adult consumers in the U.S. alone that would like to improve their smile and are interested in straighter teeth, but many say they would never consider braces or even seek out an orthodontic consultation. Over the past 12 years, Align has driven category growth in orthodontics by offering a clear aligner solution that especially appeals to adult patients and by making Invisalign clear aligner therapy to Invisalign trained orthodontists and GP practices. We announced Realine on June 6 and launched it to Henry Schein Dental sales team at their national meeting that same week. The product and distribution partnership received a great reception from their sales team, along with management with Realine selected as best new product of the sales meeting. That enthusiasm is good to have as all marketing and sales for Realine is being handled by Schein Dental. Realine became commercially available in mid-June, and we're pleased with the initial interest received from doctors. The Realine professional website had more than 2,500 doctor visits in its first couple of weeks, and the first Realine starter kits have now shipped. Shifting now slightly to marketing and consumers. In May, we launched a completely new and fully integrated consumer advertising campaign in North America. The new campaign continues our focus on women and moms of teenagers, and its launch was timed to leverage the busy teen orthodontic season, which runs from late spring until some time after Labor Day. While our consumer advertising is always focused on great outcomes and a healthy beautiful smile is possible with Invisalign, the new Better Smile Everyday campaign is focused on the great treatment journey with Invisalign, where treatment doesn't detract from your everyday life or require you to put any part of your life on hold during treatment. Initial metrics influenced by advertising, particularly TV ads, are strong. For example, we had nearly 2.5 million visitors in invisalign.com through the end of Q2, an all-time high and a strong indicator of consumer awareness and interest in Invisalign treatment. I'd like now to shift to our Scanner and CAD/CAM services segment, where Invisalign utilization among scanner customers, particularly orthodontists, continues to grow and we expect this positive trend to continue. The drivers for this growth come from better customer and patient experience, driven by recent scanner innovations, including our new iTero scanner, which began shipping in February. In addition, the recently launched Invisalign Outcome Simulator brings a valuable patient education tool right to chair-side, to help doctors show the benefits of Invisalign treatment to prospective patients. We continue to see an increase in Invisalign case submissions from a digitally scanned impression instead of a traditional PVS impression. The percentage of Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scan, rather than PVS, rose to 22% in Q2 compared to 19% in Q1 and 12% in Q2 a year ago. This trend is positive for both Align and our customers, as most practices reported faster ClinCheck turnaround and case shipment, with less hassle to patients. And all reports to date indicate better aligner fit. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Roger for a review of our Q2 financial results. Roger?
Roger E. George: Thanks, Tom. In my comments today, I will not review the total dollars excluded for non-GAAP gross margin, operating expense and operating margin and instead, refer you to our press release tables entitled Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Key Financial Metrics and Business Outlook Summary for a complete reconciliation. Let's review our second quarter financial results. Q2 net revenue was a total of $163.8 million, which consisted of Invisalign revenue of $153.3 million and Scanner and CAD/CAM services revenue of $10.5 million. Q2 net revenue increased 6.7% from $153.6 million in Q1 of 2013 and 12.5% from $145.6 million in Q2 of 2012. Year-over-year revenue growth reflects increased Invisalign volume and higher ASPs, primarily from the transition of our APAC distributor into a direct sales region. The sequential increase in revenue primarily reflects higher Invisalign case shipments, driven by both North America and international, as well as higher international ASPs. Recall that for Q1 '13, clear aligner revenue includes $4.4 million from consolidating Vivera Retainer product shipments down to 1 per year. In addition, beginning June 15, 2013, we are no longer charging a fee associated with our midcourse correction orders. And as a result, Invisalign clear aligner revenue for Q2 of '13 was decreased by $1.2 million, which reflects the revenue deferred to provide free midcourse correction for open cases shipped between April 1 through June 15, 2013 that are now eligible for the new midcourse correction policy. In Q1 of '13, Invisalign clear aligner revenue was decreased by $2.7 million, which reflected the estimated deferred revenue for open cases as of March 31, 2013, that were expected to be eligible for the new policy. Q2 Invisalign revenue of $153.3 million increased 8.3% compared to Q1 revenue of $141.6 million, and increased 14.7% compared to Q2 2012 revenue of $133.7 million. The sequential increase in Q2 revenue reflects increased Invisalign volume and higher international ASPs. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 Invisalign revenue growth was driven by increased Invisalign shipments and higher ASPs. Q2 2013 Scanner and CAD/CAM services revenue was $10.5 million. This is a sequential decrease of 12.4% compared to Q1 revenues of $12 million and a decrease of 12% from Q2 last year. Q1 '13 Scanner and CAD/CAM services revenue includes $1.4 million that was reserved in Q3 and Q4 of 2012 for the new iTero scanner upgrade program, which was launched in Q1 of '13. This upgrade program was successfully implemented and the full reserve was not utilized. Q2 scanner shipments recognized were essentially flat from last quarter, but we had a record number of ortho scanners sold, reflecting our continued success in leveraging the Invisalign installed base of customers. Moving on to the income statement to gross margin and operating expenses. Q2 GAAP gross margin was $123.7 million or 75.5%. This compares to $112.8 million or 73.5% in Q4, and $108.8 million or 74.7% in the same quarter last year. There is no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin this quarter or for Q1 '13 but compares to non-GAAP gross margin of $109 million or 74.9% in the same quarter last year. Q2 GAAP gross margin for Invisalign was 78.4%, and scanner and CAD/CAM services gross margin was 33.9%. This compares to 77.2% and 29.3%, respectively in Q1 and 79% and 26.6%, respectively, in the same quarter last year. For Invisalign, there is no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for Q2 or Q1 2013 and Q2 2012. The sequential increase in gross margin primarily reflects higher Invisalign volume. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign gross margins declined slightly due to higher material costs for the SmartTrack aligner material. For Scanner and CAD/CAM services, there is no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for Q2 or Q1 2013 but compares to non-GAAP gross margin of 28.4% in the same quarter last year. The sequential increase reflects lower manufacturing spend. On a year-over-year basis, scanner gross margins increased due to lower training cost and scanner standard cost. Q2 GAAP operating expense was $85.8 million compared to Q1 '13 operating expense of $150.9 million and Q2 '12 operating expense of $72.8 million. Q1 '13 GAAP operating expense includes long-lived assets and goodwill impairment charges of $67 million. There is no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP operating expenses this quarter, but compares to non-GAAP operating expenses were $83.9 million in Q1 and $72.5 million in the same quarter last year. The increase in Q2 operating expense is primarily due to higher TV media and advertising spending and includes expenses for our Asia Pacific operations as of May 1. Q2 GAAP operating profit was $37.9 million or 23.1%. This compares to GAAP operating loss of $38.1 million or 24.8% negative in Q1 and operating profit of $36 million or 24.7% in the same quarter a year ago. There is no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP operating profit this quarter but compares to non-GAAP operating profit of $28.9 million or 18.8% in Q1, and $36.5 million or 25.1% in the same quarter last year. Q2 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.36 compared to diluted earnings per share of negative $0.52 in Q1 and earnings per share of $0.34 in the same quarter last year. There is no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP diluted EPS this quarter but compares to $0.26 in Q1 and $0.34 in Q2 of last year. Moving on to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including long-term investments, were $341.3 million. This is compared to $35.61 million(sic) [$356.1 million] at the end of 2012. In Q2, we generated roughly $53.3 million in cash from operations compared to $10.4 million in Q1 and $27.4 million in the same quarter last year. During Q2, we purchased approximately 2.6 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $35.01 per share for a total of approximately $92.7 million. We have now completed the remaining authorized repurchases under our stock repurchase program. Q2's days sales outstanding were 62 days compared to 64 days in Q1 and 63 days in the same quarter last year. Now let's turn to our business outlook for Q3 2013 and the factors that inform our view. The first half of 2013 is off to a good start, and our customers continued to report stable patient traffic in their offices through June and into July. For North American orthos, most Teen case starts occur in the summer months, and we expect the positive impact we saw in Q2 from teenagers to continue into Q3. In addition, busy Teen ortho practices typically means that they will have fewer adult consultations in order to accommodate the summer rush for kids before school starts. Q3 is typically a seasonally slower quarter for North American GPs and international doctors who spend fewer days in the office due to summer vacations and extended holidays. This is especially true for the Southern European countries, where offices can be closed for weeks. With these factors considered, we would expect Invisalign case volume for North American GPs and international doctors to be down sequentially from strong Q2 shipments. And we expect North American ortho volume to be up sequentially. Our new midcourse correction policy took effect June 15, 2013 and we expect the usage rate for midcourse correction orders to approximate the revenue deferrals and will, therefore, offset each other going forward. In addition, as a result of no longer charging and billing customers for midcourse correction orders, we anticipate a reduction of approximately $700,000 per quarter, a small price for improving the Invisalign customer experience and helping doctors achieve great treatment outcomes for their patients. For scanner and CAD/CAM services, we expect revenue to be down sequentially from Q2, reflecting lower ASPs and an increasingly competitive environment. With that as the backdrop, Q3 Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 103,600 to 106,100 cases, reflecting 12% to 15% year-over-year growth. We expect Q3 total revenues to be in the range of $154.9 million to $160 million. We expect Q3 gross margin to be in the range of 73.7% to 74.2%. In Q3, we expect operating expense to be in the range of $84.8 million to $86.9 million, which primarily reflects higher legal fees and delayed headcount with some hires that took longer to get on board. We expect Q3 operating margin to be in a range of 19% to 19.8%, and EPS to be in a range of $0.28 to $0.30. In Q3, we expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 24%, diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 81.6 million and cash on hand to be in a range of $370 million to $380 million. Now I will turn the call over to Tom for closing comments.
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, Roger. Overall, Q2 was another strong quarter and we're pleased with our continued progress. We have delivered solid execution on the important strategic initiatives currently underway. The economy continues to be a challenge in many geographies, but patient traffic through the dental industry remains steady, notwithstanding the summer seasonality we expect to see in some of our doctors' offices. The continued growth in Invisalign adoption and utilization worldwide is the result of continued investment in R&D, new product development, improved and expanded sales coverage and in major markets, supported by consumer demand programs. The Invisalign product and customer experience keeps getting better and better, giving doctors confidence to use Invisalign on more patients, with increasing treatment complexity. This can really be seen in our teen patient population. At the same time, we believe we're just beginning to address a real market need with Invisalign Express and i7 for patients who just want to fix minor malocclusions at an affordable price point. We're adding to this positive momentum with 2 new additions to our executive team. Today in a separate release, we announced that David White is joining Align as our new CFO, and John Graham who's joining us as our new VP of marketing and CMO. Both bring tremendous experience and energy to the organization and they are each excited about the opportunities ahead. You'll have the chance to get to know each of them as we update you on progress throughout the rest of the year. Finally, I'd like to thank Roger George, Karen Silva and the rest of the finance team for doing a great job of taking care of business while our CFO search was underway. And with that, let's get right to the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to start with Teen. Obviously, some high expectations for this category over the summer months. And in fact, it really was the only segment where you didn't substantially beat our expectations. It looks like it grew about 16%. Last quarter year-over-year, you grew 27%. I think for the full year last year, you grew about that as well. So I was just curious how the Teen growth, obviously while strong, how it's been measuring up to your internal expectations?
Thomas M. Prescott: I will, first of all -- I think we're very comfortable with where we are with Teen and with a little lower sequential, I mean, this is not a completely linear business. We're very comfortable that given that there's 2 elements to that, there's international, there is North American orthos and there are GPs. GP channel fluctuated a bit more. The ortho channel continues to have very, very good year over growth rates. And in general, we're pleased. That positions us pretty well for the summer. I think the way we think about teen is it's a key growth opportunity, but it's going to be a steady climb given that Teens are the base business for orthos and they're going to convert -- continue to convert to Invisalign more cautiously than they will for adult patients. All the initiatives we've got underway, coverage, evolution of the product with G4, SmartTrack and all those things to support that, and we're comfortable that we're going to have a good strong Teen summer.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great, Tom. And then I guess, just my follow-up would be more broad, just around the operating margin guidance 19% to 19.8%. Relative to what you did this quarter, it looks like you're also guiding gross margins to decline sequentially into 3Q as well. I guess just maybe if you could spend a little time helping us think about the drop in profitability from this point, and then maybe if you're comfortable commenting on if you're still confident that you'll exit the year near that 25% operating margin level?
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, I guess the Q3 guidance stands for itself and we're comfortable putting that out there. The fundamental driver in this business is volume. And if you take a look at the quarter we just reported, we did a little better on volume and a little better on pricing and we're getting up in that neighborhood of the low end of our model at 23% plus operating margin. So we expect volume to be down a bit in Q3, that's very typical if you look at every quarter over the last 6, 7, 8 years, it's been the case. And along -- and we're not going to just pull spending back in important strategic areas. So along the way, you're going to see a little less operating margin. But again, with the guidance out there for Q3, with our expectations that we typically build volume into Q4, we fully expect with all these initiatives coming online, that we can approach the low end of that long-term model, around that 25% range.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Tom, could you talk a bit more about what drove the surprisingly good ASP trend? Maybe if you did an apples-to-apples comparison with Asia, if you had that full in your P&L last year, what would the trend have been?
Thomas M. Prescott: I'm going to ask Karen to take that in just a minute, and I know that we didn't -- we're not modeling it for disclosure, we've modeled it internally. It was a contributor -- I'll start by saying the APAC revenue for 2/3 of the quarter, May, June, was a contributor. And probably the bigger contributor was net ASP in North America, where we had larger participation with some lower volume customers re-engaging with Orthos and some GPs and didn't participate as heavily on the Advantage side. That was a big factor. If we take that, plus some smaller factors, a little positive FX and then Asia Pacific, you've got them together. And I'll ask Karen Silva, our VP of Finance, to maybe comment a little more.
Karen Silva: Sure, Tom. Thanks. So for the quarter, we experienced several million dollars from an uptick from the Asia Pacific. They came on, we plot them as of May 1. So we have 2 months under our belt, and so we expect that will move forward in the future quarters. And offsetting that, of course, will be additional sales and marketing spend, which we took on the majority of their sales team and that continue as well.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up to that. Do you still view the longer term trend in ASP to be down due to mix or is your thinking about that changing?
Thomas M. Prescott: So, I think, over time, we would expect, as the low-end offerings grow for minor malocclusions, we expect mix to be -- to bring ASP down total. I think the team put together a couple of new slides based on a lot of questions like this, and we try to break out the elements there. I think if you look into that, you can see that stable to up. You'll be able to separate mix-driven change from what we'll call real price. But the biggest factor driving it down, in general, is going to be mix. The second factor would be probably Advantage among high-volume customers, but you can intuit that from the breakout we're giving you now.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then one last one. After the favorable ruling that you got during the quarter, from the ITC, have you seen that have any impact on volumes or market share? Would you expect in the second half of the year or is that more of a longer term opportunity in your view?
Thomas M. Prescott: From our perspective, if there's any volume, it's very small and I think this is really more about asserting the right IP so we continue to build the business for our customers and shareholders over the longer term.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Real solid quarter, so I guess I had to be picky, if you would. But North American ortho, I mean, maybe that was the only area that didn't blowout our numbers. So can you speak to what's going on with SmartTrack and how it's being received there, what it's doing to utilization? And then also, Tom, just as a function of that, are you hearing from the field that it's helping the guys shorten treatment time? We've done some work there, and if so, how is that being received from the doctors?
Thomas M. Prescott: Let me start there, John. We've got no sound clinical data at a level that we could claim it. There's a lot of experimentation going on with treatment cycles and adjunctive therapy. But, from our perspective, we're not anywhere near where we'd want to posit a change in treatment times. So I'll start there. We're very comfortable with where we are in ortho, and one of the dynamics this last quarter is that we're engaging with some really good practices that have not been customers of Invisalign for quite a long time. And they are reengaging with us, seeing what can be done and they're just sort of not really Advantage customers. They are now getting trial and usage, and some of them throw in 5 or 10 cases where we haven't seen anything before. So what you see is a tail growing on the ortho side. That actually was a contributor to less Advantage, a higher ASP. The specific answer to your question on innovations like SmartTrack and the big release or two we do a year, right, the G4, SmartTrack, et cetera, is that our core base of orthos and GPs and international doctors will get experience with that quickly, given the volume, and they will immediately start changing behavior. Doing more complex cases, doing more teens, for example, and then that steadies out over time. What's going on now is what I just spoke about the moment ago, where the less frequent ortho submitters, the doctors that are using us less, are actually trying it more, becoming more comfortable, actually seeing a change in the product. They're just not as frequent users and so they're not getting as rapid a feedback, but we're getting very good traction there. So what I'd say is that this is a very consistent transition, with the early adopters and frequent users getting the biggest bang for the buck, and then working down through the base of users. But, again, them taking longer to recognize those advantages, but leading to utilization. So it's another reason, with the base growing on GP and the active base growing a bit on ortho while utilization is flattish for both. But this is the good news story underneath that.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes. No, that make sense, and then that dovetails into my next question, which is -- I don't have the number right in front of me, but number of GPs trained, I think you said, it was over 1,000. That was well above where we were, and that actually sort of goes back to pre-proficiency noise. I hate to use that word again, but I mean where big time guys were coming on board, you were partnering with these doctors and they were excited to be part of the Invisalign story. So can you talk to like what's going on in the field? I mean, is that sort of the feeling out there and they have now allotted their disposal between Express 10 and Express 5, et cetera, where these guys realize, I want to be doing Invisalign because it's an additional revenue kicker to my practice and that's leading to a really impressive new doc numbers?
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, there's a whole set of reasons why an orthodontist or a dentist, that wasn't doing Invisalign, comes to Invisalign, and it starts with their patient interest. Patients are asking doctor, why don't you do this? It comes due to the fact that they have got good clinical reasons for not doing it. They have a busy restorative practice, yet they're influenced by friends. It fits well into a good restorative cosmetic dental practice. On the ortho side, the docs that really weren't our customers -- I'll stay on GP for a moment and come back to ortho. We did train over 1,000, and we see strong interest out there, in adding Invisalign to practice. It is one of the best practice building vehicles, today, in general dentistry for sure. On the ortho side, I think the biggest vector there is the evolution of product and the customer experience. The product just is getting better and, along with that, they're more comfortable, they don't have to make compromises on the finishes they can promise to mom and dad for a teenager or to the patients themself. But that is a journey, but we are in the process of reengaging there. We trained up almost 120 orthos, that's a big number for us, plus the number is coming out of universities which are small classes. But I'll call that a good step in the right direction.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Roger, I was hoping I could start with you, just one more question on third quarter guidance, if I could. The OpEx commentary on sales force was helpful on why that might be dragging margin down a little bit more next quarter. And, obviously, Tom's comments on volumes make sense from a fixed cost leverage standpoint. But why gross margin? Why would gross margin be down a bit next quarter with the higher ASPs from Asia Pac if you had gross margin up year-over-year this quarter? Why would gross margin go what down year-over-year next quarter? Just trying to understand that better.
Roger E. George: Jeff, thanks for the question. I'm going to ask Karen to pull the numbers out to give you the quantitative answer. So give us a second would you?
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. And maybe, Tom, before that, I'll just ask you 2 quick questions to finish mine off. Just, Realine, out of the 2,500 docs that you said have visited the Realine site so far. Any idea how many of those are new docs who have never done an Invisalign case before versus maybe past Invisalign users? Just trying to -- I don't think there's going to be much cannibalization there, but obviously, that would be a good crosscheck on that. And then on the DTC said, with you ramping that back up in May pretty aggressively, and going to continue it through the summer. Is there a lagging impact on that? Do the May and June increased DTC influence 2Q yet or are those benefits probably more of a third quarter type event?
Thomas M. Prescott: Let me take this in reverse order. I'll start with the last one. There's 2 elements of any consumer demand. There's brand building and awareness over the long term. And I'll call it excitement and energy. And, again, if you think about the integrated nature of our platform, we've got both the traditional media, with a lot of digital vehicles, social, very tied-in with PR, gaming and a whole bunch of other areas. With that, you activate interest in a whole bunch of ways. So it can start a search for a doctor, it can start a background information and all that. At the end of the day, I'd call the launch, which was timed to kind of start with the beginning of the teen season, create a lot of excitement in offices and energy and all that. But the value is really 1 quarter, 2 or 3, 4 quarters ahead and then taking that to the next level. So this is just -- we view this as more strategic than tactical, and I'd say we're in the early innings there, still, of what's possible. So that's one. Remind me, sorry, your second question. I think that was...
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just, Realine, on the 2,500 doctors.
Thomas M. Prescott: On the Realine question, the 80,000 plus customer list that Schein has, by definition, none of them are certified Invisalign customers. We've actually been asked by a few doctors, hey, could I try one, Schein calls on me occasionally. We said there's no reason why you couldn't, but it won't have quite the same features that say an Express 5 would. It wouldn't have a ClinCheck they could adjust. It will have a ClinCheck type setup they will approve, but it won't give them the flexibility to customize the treatment as much. And so we have a few doctors that said they'd be interested out of curiosity. But, by definition, we expect this to be a greenfield of doctors that are -- some of them, many of them, are already buying clear aligner offerings from a local lab or a big lab. And our view is, we ought to be able to do that better than anybody else in the world and just as cost effectively for them, brought to them by a trusted partner, Henry Schein. So that's the theory of that case. With that, I'll kick you back to Roger and Karen, and see if they're ready to talk about the elements there in gross margin.
Karen Silva: Sure, Jeff, this is Karen. So a couple of things going on with the gross margin. Some of this is related to ASPs down, being down for sure. And then we also have a slightly higher cost per case of the Invisalign side, as we are expecting a number of aligners per case to be just slightly up. Now there's a few other little small pieces to it, but we also expect a little bit more depreciation as we have some fixed assets that we'll be putting into production here in this quarter.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And just trying to understand the ASPs being down. If they were up a little this quarter and you get a full 3 months of the Asia Pac distributor changeover in the third quarter, ASPs naturally just swinging down in the third quarter for what reason?
Roger E. George: We have a number of factors. Certainly, one, we have a planned FX, we did a little better than that last year. There were a number of contributors before, on price. We would plan an Advantage, a participation with our big ortho customers and maybe plan on a little lower ASP, higher Advantage participation, which we view as a positive thing, of course. And then, finally, we're running a bit of a promo. I think there was something in the webcast slide. We're running a bit of a promotional, a little different one at some of these reengaged orthos that have not been big Invisalign customers, to get them to trust us to help them work on teen patients through the summer. And that'll have some impact on price, but we think that'll be a very valuable way to get them to get a really good experience in a shorter period of time. Get that trial, repeat usage and then hopefully sustainable adoption. So as we project that, if we're successful with it, we'll be very happy. That would have a little bit of a negative impact on ASP, but we would view that as a very good investment.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Roger, it looks like the scanner and services cost of goods fell to what looks like the lowest level since the deal closed. What drove that improvement? And any chance you could give us an update on where Cadent stands in terms of operating profitability at this point?
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. The improvement figure -- well, I'll tell you what, Karen's got the quantitative data in front of her, so I'll let her hit the gross margin question.
Karen Silva: Sure. So scanner and services margin increased sequentially, primarily because we had higher production volumes and we also had lower manufacturing spend. We also had lower intangible amortization since we reduced our intangibles last quarter as well.
Roger E. George: I'll build on that a little bit. I'll take the next part of it, on where we are with -- I'll just say not just profitability. Part of making this business an even more valuable part of the family here is it's not just profitable, it's strategically valuable. We continue to be convinced the latter. It is strategically valuable. We see leverage on the Invisalign side. But if we have stand-alone profitability at issue, we're behind where we expected to be. The installed base hasn't been growing as fast as we'd like. Pricing certainly has come down with competitive offerings, and it's taken us a little longer to get platform changes. So look, say it as it is. We still think there's great strategic value to be had. We're behind where we expect to be on profitability, but still are very committed to this business.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: The number, in terms of digital case submissions, certainly continues to ramp impressively. How should we be thinking about that business as we get into the third quarter and second half of the year, in terms of sequential revenue trend?
Thomas M. Prescott: In terms of the scanner business or in terms of the utilization of digital scans?
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: The scanner and services revenue.
Thomas M. Prescott: Again, we had 2 or 3 factors that have made the revenue growth story tougher for us. The first is that, certainly, pricing has come down per unit versus what we though about a couple of years ago. That's a reality, we're dealing with it, and we're making solid progress. The team is working their tail off. Secondly, we've turned off some of the services stream. We're trying to drive more to digital, high-tech manufacturing monoliths, all that, and we're doing a lot of that and why that is where we have better gross margins. We're working closely with lab partners and others. But we've actually turned off what was a pretty significant part of that user base, with iQ, a bracket placement tool. We just didn't feel we could scale it. So if you really look at one of the contributors to the servicer stream coming down, that was one of the biggest factors that we -- really, roughly a year ago, we gave the notice and we've kind of pulled that down. We made the decision not to reinvest, for now, into a completely new suite of tools and software, manufacturing technology. We could go back to that with better profitability in the business over time. But, in general, the restorative business has seasonality just like the orthodontic business. People don't do a lot of restorative work unless it's an emergency over summer time, vacations, holidays, dentists' office are closed for some vacations and all that. There's a little more seasonality for general dentistry in the summer. Certainly, in Europe for sure, we don't have much of a restorative base there. And then we would expect Q4 to be busy, both on the capital equipment spending side and back to the growing services again. So there's probably a bit more pronounced seasonality in restorative dentistry than orthodontics because the teen season in ortho kind of masks that.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And Roger, real quick. Any chance you could quantify the impact of the medical device tax in the second quarter?
Roger E. George: Yes, hold on, we'll pull that number up for you. $2.1 million is the answer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Cooley with Stephens.
Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I was hoping you can maybe just explain a little or give us your views. When you look at Schein agreement longer term, does that help you better penetrate the existing 10% to 15% of the market that are using independent labs or does that really scale the reach for the company over time? And then I have just one quick follow-up.
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. I think it does both of those, and then the other -- because there is some usage going on, we've seen it, we've surveyed to it, and from a variety of small, medium and large labs, they're getting clear aligner offerings, which we can do better than and give them that great value proposition, delivering it through a great partner like Schein. The second thing is there are more and more people having conversations with their family dentist, not ready to go see an orthodontic specialist yet, which we could encourage, or to go see another dentist that's doing Invisalign. Many times, dentists don't want to refer them to another dentist that is doing Invisalign, and they're simply not sure yet, if they want to go commit to the effort and practice to integrate a procedure like Invisalign. So this does give them an opportunity to at least to try very simple cases from a company they can trust and a partner they really respect in Schein. So ultimately, it gets at the widest part of the dental industry that we're not touching today, and we really don't have a meaningful way to get at. And then, secondly, I think it can help support longer term category growth for clear aligner therapy.
Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And then just as a quick follow-on. You have an enviable decision of having a very nice cash position on the balance sheet. And now that you've wrapped up the prior repurchase that was authorized, just thoughts on how should we think about the cash build there on the balance sheet, future uses.
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. A fair question. I would say this is a continuing topic, an important topic for the Align Board of Directors. And we continue to get input from our owners about their views on capital allocation, how we should think about ensuring value for the shareholders, and we will continue to share those views with our board. But I'd say we've been busy as of last quarter. Let us go back and pile up a little bit more and we're going to continue to run the business as good stewards.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Spencer Nam with Janney Capital.
Spencer Nam - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions here. Number one, in terms of your revenue guidance for the third quarter. The last year, there was a little bit of a surprise with the patient volume suddenly dropping off for whatever reason, possibly due to the dentists taking more time off during summer months. How has that -- those possibilities were included in your guidance -- with the current guidance that you provided today?
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. I guess maybe asking the question differently to myself. Do we learn anything from last year? In retrospect, and we've known this for some time though, one of the most important trends -- it has some predictive value, is patient traffic in offices in North America. And as we reconstruct Q3 and Q4 of 2012, it is very clear that a significant deceleration in patient visits started, actually, in Q2, and we didn't see it because of just how strong Q4 of 2011, Q1 and Q2 of 2012 were. Other dental players started seeing it in Q2. It surprised us in Q3, and our methods of understanding volume and activity in offices didn't yield that. It was not until, literally, the big players like Schein and Patterson were reporting widespread downturn in patient traffic and procedures, that we were able to go back and look at this. So what have we learned? We've learned to continue to be humble, and we've instituted a series of new surveys and pulses of offices, not just asking customers what their expectations are, but actually trying to determine what their patient traffic procedures volumes are month over month, and understand if there's any foreshadowing for future. So we have the same visibility we've always had in our business. We take this very seriously. This is a challenging business to forecast given the fragmentation. But all of that, to your original question, is loaded into our view of what hopefully looks like, whatever normal might be, a more normal seasonal Q3.
Spencer Nam - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on Asia. Clearly, you guys saw a lot of strength there, including ASP. That actually went up dramatically in my view. I'm curious, how much do we expect in terms of maintaining that sort of strength out there, in terms of -- China sort of hasn't opened up fully. How do you see Asian market unfolding over the next several quarters?
Thomas M. Prescott: I think, as Karen told you, if you take ASP to start with, as Karen spoke about a moment ago, the big jump, one of the big contributors to company ASP performance was the 50% step-up -- or the 100% step-up, the doubling of effective price for the biggest part of our geography in Asia Pacific through the distributors. May 1, that converted to a more normal global price for our Invisalign ASP versus giving to the distributor -- or selling to distributor at 50%. That will continue, that's persistent. As Karen also talked about, there's an offsetting OpEx step-up with 47 new employees that came in. But we know day one contribution margins are actually net positive on that very first case that came in on May 1, even with a step-up. So the second part of the question I believe you asked is, how confident are we about the longer term growth? We really are just getting started in many of these geographies. Our penetration is an order of magnitude or more or less than in North America or Europe. And in places like China, we're seeing the path towards growth in Japan. We're seeing the path towards growth. And understanding that these cases, most of the cases in Asia, are dramatically more complex than in North America. The evolutions in product technology and easier to do these complex cases makes a very big deal for them. So on balance, this is strategically very important. We believe we continue to grow there and we're in the process of making investments to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Crdit Suisse.
Jeffrey Bailin: This is actually Jeff Bailin in for Glen. So you had some pretty impressive growth in your international case volume this quarter, up over 20%, and particularly impressive in Europe, given some of the macro challenges we've been hearing about there. Can you talk about what you think is supporting your growth there and maybe how you'd characterize the growth rates in case volumes in Europe relative to how you are growing in Asia Pacific?
Thomas M. Prescott: And I just wanted to clarify, Jeff, you want me to unpack Europe specifically a bit more?
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, that would great, and just what you think is supporting the growth there.
Thomas M. Prescott: Perfect. Okay, got it. Well, I think if you may remember, as we talked about early in the year, we didn't give annual guidance but we did signal that our operating margin would have a little more drag early in the year, based on investments in new consumer demand, which we've now rolled out, based on product evolutions which we're in the middle of, and based on coverage expansion, and that happened both in North America and Europe. But if I take Europe specifically, we've changed some country leadership, where we felt it was time for that. That takes a little while to work out, and one of the things, when you struggle a bit in a challenging economy, it helps you find where you can be better. So that's the virtuous part of that challenge. We've invested in some of the geographies we weren't -- our coverage wasn't completed. We've added a number of sales reps in Germany. We've added some management structure in some of these countries where they were getting big enough. We've added coverage in the U.K., in France, incrementally in Spain. And so we've incrementally added resources alongside of this product evolution which has been better and better received by these doctors, mostly orthodontists in general, that treat, in general, harder cases and have very high standards. So as the product has gotten better, we've been more comfortable to make incremental coverage investments. And while there was a bit of a cost lead first and a volume lag second, I think that, plus all of the other initiatives we've got going, start to give us the kind of volumes we can be comfortable with. And we have reasonable confidence that, while we won't be linear, I think we're pretty confident that we can continue to grow faster in Europe and North America, and faster in Asia than Europe and North America.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And just one quick follow-up, shifting to the scanner business if they can. In the past, you've discussed potentially being open to partnerships with other scanner vendors, particularly for digital case submission. Is that something you still think could make sense and that the company is open to?
Thomas M. Prescott: Yes. We signaled that during our Q1 call, because we were going to be right in the middle of customer central, with the AAO and some other big trade shows. We still believe that it's strategically valuable. We also are realistic that we're not going to sell every scanner out there. We believe we've got the best scanner, still, in the market. And if we can qualify a couple of the leading scanners out there and bring that value to their customers, our respective customers, there's potential benefit all around.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Lewis with Roth Capital Partners.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: First, on the Express segment, that came in quite ahead of our volume expectations for the quarter. So I was hoping maybe you could maybe provide some more commentary on that segment and where that growth came from during the quarter. And then longer term, with the growth of some of the lower-priced segments, how does that impact your margins and your ASPs over time?
Thomas M. Prescott: Yes. I think the short answer for the volume growth in Express 5 is North American GP. We're still getting started in Europe with i7 and i14, but good solid traction for that very cost sensitive patient that has been presented with a comprehensive treatment and says, I'm not ready to spend $5,000 or $6,000 or $4,000 to $5,000, I really want this little space or that little crowding fixed, and this gives the doctor in the practice an opportunity to at least get after that chief complaint. The second part of your question -- so it's North America GP to start with. The second part of the question is around gross margin, I think, and at the end of the day, I think the longer discussion is contribution margin. The gross margin, in the very short term, is a little bit worse but very comparable to say, over the mid to longer term gross margin. As we continue to automate processes we'll probably be as good as or better on the simpler cases than they are on the harder cases. Fewer ClinCheck cycles, refinements, things like that. So very, very comfortable. On the contribution margin, when we net out kind of the direct cost of sales marketing, it might actually be better than that. But, again, it's early days. Our goal is to continue to build at both ends, aim for becoming standard of care someday, which is our long-term goal, which really means we have to earn our way into the specialist office and those GPs do a lot of orthodontic cases as their tool of choice. At the same time, widen the base with things like Realine, Express 5, 10, i7 and 14, hit a niche that isn't really being addressed. People, frankly, that don't want brackets.
Chris Lewis - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then turning to the international side. I was wondering if you could quantify the incremental revenue impact the direct conversion in Asia Pac had on the quarter.
Thomas M. Prescott: We're not providing that level of breakout, but I think you can maybe back into it a little, based on historical numbers we've given. But I think, when you see the ASP impact, you know it's meaningful. And the growth rates there to support greater meaning in the future.
Shirley Stacy: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings, and if you have any follow-up questions, please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy Thomas M. Prescott - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Roger E. George - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Legal & Corporate Affairs, Corporate Secretary and General Counsel Karen Silva
Analysts: Matthew Dolan - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeffrey Matthews - RAM Partners, L.P.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Align Technology Q1 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Thank you, Ms. Stacy. You may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining to me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; Roger George, Vice President, Corporate and Legal Affairs, General Counsel and Interim CFO; and Karen Silva, Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller. We issued first quarter fiscal year 2013 financial results press release today via Marketwire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. These results include a $26.3 million impairment of our long-lived assets and a $40.7 million impairment of goodwill. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on April 26, 2013. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial (877)660-6853 with conference number 411500 followed by #. International callers should dial (201)612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2013. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Please also note that on the conference call today, we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures, where practical, are contained in today's financial results press release, which have been posted on our website at investor.aligntech.com under Financial Releases and have been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. We've also posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations, and our first quarter conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, everyone. On the call today, I'll provide an overview of our first quarter results and discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Invisalign clear aligners and scanner and CAD/CAM services. In our release, I'm sure you noticed a charge we took against our scanner business. Roger will cover our Q1 financial results, including the discussion of that charge, as well as our outlook for Q2, and then I'll come back for a few closing comments and some questions. Q1 was a solid quarter across the board. We started the year out with better-than-expected revenue and earnings, driven primarily by record Invisalign case volume. Strong Invisalign case shipments in North America, especially among orthodontists, reflect stable patient traffic in our customers' offices as well as continued sales and marketing activity to encourage doctor engagement. During the quarter, we launched SmartTrack, our next-generation aligner material, which is now the standard for Invisalign clear aligners worldwide. We have received consistently positive feedback from our customers and their patients as they move beyond initial usage. We're excited about the potential for SmartTrack to help build even greater clinical confidence so our doctors who will utilize Invisalign more often and on more complex cases due to the improved control of tooth movements and the added benefit of increased patient comfort. Let's get started with an overview of key highlights for Invisalign. For Q1, total Invisalign case shipments grew across all customer channels to a total of 98,200 cases, an increase of 15.1% year-over-year and an 8.5% increase sequentially. Year-over-year growth was driven by increased Invisalign utilization, especially among North American orthodontists, as well as customer base expansion for North American GPs. The sequential increase in Q1 primarily reflects strong growth among North American orthodontists as well as good growth from both North American GPs and international doctors. The uptick in North American Invisalign case volume we saw as we ended the year continued throughout Q1, reflecting steady patient traffic in our customers' offices as well as traction from customer engagement and practice development activities. Switching briefly to our performance among the teenage patient segment. We continue to make progress here as more teams are being treated with Invisalign. This quarter, teenagers treated with Invisalign increased to 23,100, a year-over-year increase of 29% and a sequential increase of 13%, a positive direction as we head into this year's summer season. From a product perspective, the Invisalign Teen product increased 27% year-over-year and 12% sequentially, primarily driven by North American orthodontists. From an Invisalign product mix standpoint, growth was primarily driven by utilization of Invisalign Full and Invisalign Express products. This quarter, we saw positive uptake of Invisalign Express in North America and, to a lesser extent, Invisalign i7 in our direct European countries. These products to treat minor malocclusion grew a combined 47% year-over-year and 19% sequentially. Adoption of our newest offering, Invisalign Express 5, was driven by both our ortho and GP dentists in North America as many took advantage of a $200 off promotion we ran during the past quarter to spur increased trial and repeat usage. For North American orthodontists, Q1 case volume -- Q1 Invisalign case volume of 38,000 cases increased nearly 18% year-over-year, reflecting increased utilization of Invisalign as well as cases from some newly trained doctors. Sequential growth of 13% was driven by increased usage of Invisalign, especially among higher-volume orthos. We believe the interest in SmartTrack may also have played a role in this improving level of engagement among orthodontists. For North American GP dentists, Q1 case volume of 36,700 cases increased 11% year-over-year and 6% sequentially, reflecting continued expansion of our GP customer base and slightly lower utilization due to this larger customer base on a sequential basis. Q1 Invisalign case shipments outside of North America increased 17% year-over-year, reflecting growth across direct and distributor geographies. On a sequential basis, Q1 Invisalign case shipments increased 5%, a bit better than expected, with good growth from our direct countries in Europe and Asia, offset somewhat by our distributors. In Europe, we continue to make good progress in our core direct countries. Year-over-year growth was led by the Central European countries of Germany, Switzerland and Austria, as well as solid progress in both France and Spain. On a sequential basis, Spain and Italy were up nicely despite the widespread economic challenges there. Across Europe, we continue to focus on clinical education programs as a key lever to help expand our customer base and increase utilization of Invisalign. In Q1, we trained a large number of new customers and have been working to reengage doctors who had previously been trained but did not submit any cases. We've also seen good uptake from the launch of Invisalign i7, our minor tooth movement solution, which is now available in all direct markets in Europe. Early results from our pilot in the U.K. suggest that many of our existing customers adopted i7 for minor correction cases instead of using competitive products. New customers have also reported they are adopting Invisalign into practice based partly on the potential offered by i7 in their practices to treat those minor malocclusions. Turning to Asia Pacific, I'll spend a little more time in this geography than I typically do, given some significant recent developments, one being the addition of our new Vice President for the region; two, the transition of our Asia Pacific distributor into a direct sales region starting May 1; and three, with all that in hand, the formation of a Pan Asia Pacific organization. Starting with results for the region, during Q1, our direct Asian country markets of Japan and China continued to make great progress, albeit off a small base. In China, our strategy of leveraging key opinion leaders and focusing on top providers is contributing to continued strong growth in the targeted major cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Guangzhou. We continue to see growth from our most experienced providers, driven by evolution in product and technology with Invisalign G3, G4 and now SmartTrack, as well as by word-of-mouth and increasing interest in Invisalign among GPs and orthodontists. In Japan, Q1 was a strong quarter for Invisalign case shipments, and I'm very pleased to see real progress in this market. The strength in case growth is driven primarily by mid- to high-volume orthodontists as well as from the cumulative impact of training more doctors over the past few quarters and then getting these practices started with Invisalign. It's good to see this growing interest and a positive response to our continued cycle of innovation, which is essential to treat these more complex cases. Shifting now to geographies covered by our Invisalign distributors in the APAC, EMEA and Latin America regions. Q1 was up nicely year-over-year and yet down slightly from Q4. On May 1, our Asia Pacific distributor will transition back into a direct region for Align, and we are excited about becoming more directly involved and engaged in this tremendous growth opportunity. We recently announced the hiring of Julie Tay, an experienced global medical device executive from both J&J and Bayer, to run our Asia Pacific operation. Julia has already spent time pulling our teams together in the field and is focused on ensuring great execution for all aligned products and services in this Pan Asia Pacific region. This widespread set of countries represents one of the best global growth opportunities for Align Technology over the next 3 to 5 years. Now let's turn to utilization and training. We continue to focus on expanding our customer base, primarily among North American GPs and international doctors, as well as increasing utilization among new and existing practices. For Q1, total Invisalign utilization was 4.3 cases per doctor, an increase from 4.1 in both Q1 of 2012 and Q4 of 2012, driven primarily by North American orthodontists, followed by international doctors and North American GPs. During Q1 of 2013, we trained a total of 1,660 new Invisalign doctors, adding 65 North American orthos, 690 North American GPs and 905 international doctors. Pivoting to the topic of product innovation. On January 21, we announced that our next-generation aligner material, SmartTrack, is now the standard of aligner material for Invisalign in North America and most international markets. The commercialization for SmartTrack was initiated in North America, as it was announced during our Ortho Summit in Las Vegas last November, followed by -- shortly thereafter by the official launch in January. Now, with SmartTrack in use for almost a full quarter in North America, we continue to receive positive customer feedback from doctors and their patients. In a recent customer survey, 80% of respondents cited SmartTrack product improvements as the reason why satisfaction was up for Invisalign. When asked, "What new orthodontic product or trend excites you?" SmartTrack was top for both orthos and GPs. Based upon detailed data and clinical evidence demonstrating superior performance, doctors report SmartTrack gives them more confidence to use Invisalign more often and on more difficult cases. During Q1, SmartTrack was also launched outside of North America, and we're now starting to get some initial feedback from the international customers. In Europe, our doctors welcomed the SmartTrack launch, with over 870 doctors attending high-impact clinical education events across 11 major cities in February alone. Feedback from our customers confirms the benefits of delivering consistent moderate force and ensuring precise aligner fit. They also love hearing from their patients about better comfort. As a result, many customers are considering expanding the range of applicability and trying Invisalign on even more complex cases. In March, we held an Invisalign SmartTrack clinical seminar in Tokyo, with more than 150 Invisalign providers attending the event. This is the largest number of Invisalign doctors to ever participate in an Invisalign event in Japan. Our integrated consumer marketing platform has historically been focused on the North American market and combines paid media like print, broadcast and digital along with a mix of traditional PR and event marketing, all surrounded by social media outreach. The goals of this platform are to generate awareness of and preference for Invisalign and Invisalign Teen as the best options for a healthy beautiful smile among women, especially moms, and teens. Increasingly, as our business evolves in key markets like Europe, we are utilizing consumer strategies also help drive growth. Q1 was a strong start to the year in terms of traditional media outreach. We secured national broadcast coverage on The TODAY Show and The Doctors, reaching combined audiences of more than 9 million consumers. We also kicked off an exciting new program targeting the important adult female market with the Invisalign wedding campaign. This new campaign will focus on brides-to-be at a time when they're already planning how to look and feel their best on their big day. In Q2, we'll dial up our efforts in traditional media, both TV and radio, along with high-impact satellite media tours, expert spokesperson interviews and other activities designed to leverage Mother's Day media opportunities. In addition, we're continuing to reach moms and teens as we look ahead to prom, graduation and the busy summer teen season. Our social media program, including Twitter, Facebook and our network of influential mom bloggers, continues to be a great way for current and potential patients to learn about the brand and engage with one another. We'll also reach, educate and influence moms specifically this year to our Straight Talk event series, a program that combines the reach of social media with the impact of a live event. We've kicked off a multi-tiered live event program for the Straight Talk series in the top 10 Invisalign Teen markets that will be taking place in April and May. One of the ways we know these and other programs are effective and that we're reaching potential patients is by tracking visitors and activity at Invisalign.com. In Q1, site visits were up almost 30% from Q4, and we doubled our mobile device traffic from the previous quarter. Looking ahead, we are excited about the consumer campaign we're launching in Q2, with new created-for-TV, digital and mobile platforms, all focused on the journey of Invisalign treatment. We're planning to be on TV for most of Q2 to fully leverage our new campaign as we head into the important summer season. Look to see our new ads on air just after Memorial Day weekend. And turning to Europe, our smaller but strategically important consumer marketing investments continue to help facilitate market expansion and adoption growth in our direct country markets. We've seen a significant rise in awareness with increases in web traffic and social media activity across our markets, and we'll continue our investment in consumer awareness campaigns in Q2. Let's now shift to our scanner and CAD/CAM services segment. As Shirley said at the beginning of our call, in Q1, we recorded an impairment charge for a portion of our long-lived assets and all remaining goodwill related to the scanner and CAD/CAM services reporting unit. These are in addition to the charges recorded in Q3 and Q4 of 2012. Although we determined it was appropriate to record the impairment charges related to the scanner and CAD/CAM services unit, our long-term view of this business remains positive, and we will continue to execute plans to be a leader in this business. In addition, we continue to see leverage in the Invisalign business for scanner technology and maintain our belief in the long-term benefits of the scanner and CAD/CAM services business. Invisalign utilization among scanner customers, particularly orthos, continues to grow, and we expect this positive trend to continue. The drivers for this growth come from better customer and patient experience driven by recent scanner innovations, including the new iTero scanner. In addition, the recently launched Invisalign Outcome Simulator brings a valuable patient education tool right to chair-side to help doctors show the benefits of Invisalign treatment to prospective patients. Moving towards operating results of this business. North America continues to perform solidly in the top line. Among our core Invisalign customers, we are leveraging our direct sales force and also taking full advantage of our scheduled customer events like summits, forums or study clubs to help drive sales of iTero scanners. This purchase is especially attractive for our ortho customers, who are looking to differentiate or streamline their practices by integrating intra-oral scanners to completely replace the cost, mess and unpleasant patient experience associated with taking PVS impressions. We continue to see an increase in Invisalign case submissions from a digital impression instead of a PVS impression. The percentage of Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scan rather than a traditional physical impression rose to 19% in Q1 compared to 17% in Q4 and 9% in Q1 of a year ago. This trend is positive for both Align and our customers, as most of them reported faster ClinCheck turnaround case shipments -- reported faster ClinCheck turnarounds to case shipment with less hassle to patients, and all reports to date indicate better aligner fit. Looking ahead, we continue to believe there are potentially a few other high-quality intra-oral scanners that over time can be made to support interoperability with Invisalign. Before we would move ahead with this, Align will need to ensure the quality of the scan as well as the customer experience is up to our high standards. And just like we do with other R&D initiatives, we do not discuss futures. When there's any meaningful news report, we will do so. Until then, iTero is the only scanner with Invisalign interoperability. And I'll now turn the call over to Roger for a review of our Q1 financial results. Roger?
Roger E. George: Thanks, Tom. Before I go through our Q1 operating results, I would like to note that there are several items we exclude from our GAAP results. These include impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill for our scanner and CAD/CAM services business, which are detailed in our Q1 press release. Recent changes in the competitive environment, including announcements in March of new lower-priced scanners, have caused us to reevaluate our outlook for scanner revenue and profitability. Our iTero scanner offering is at a premium price due to its technology, utility and end-to-end connectivity. However, we believe that our customers may respond to lower-priced scanners with less utility offering. As a result, we reduced our volume projections, and this triggered an impairment analysis of long-lived assets and goodwill. From these analyses, we recorded impairment charges for goodwill of $40.7 million and $26.3 million for long-lived assets. Even though we determined that goodwill and the long-lived assets were impaired, this does not deter our belief in the overall long-term benefit of intra-oral scanners or in our plan to offer the best technology and utility at a competitive price. In my comments today, I will not review the total dollars excluded for non-GAAP gross margins, operating expense and operating margin, and instead refer you to our press release tables entitled Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Key Financial Metrics and Business Outlook Summary for a complete reconciliation. Let's review our first quarter financial results. Q1 net revenue was a total of $153.6 million, which consisted of Invisalign revenue of $141.6 million and scanner and CAD/CAM services revenue of $12 million. Q1 net revenue increased 7.5% from $142.8 million in Q4 2012 and 13.7% from $135.1 million in Q1 last year. The sequential increase in revenue primarily reflects higher Invisalign case shipments and, as expected, an increase in the Vivera Retainer revenue from consolidating shipments down to 1 shipment per year. This shipment change for Vivera Retainers was based on feedback from our customers, indicating that it would make their practices more efficient. Given our commitment to improving the Invisalign customer experience and helping doctors achieve the best results for their patients and their practices, this was an easy decision to make. We seek to continually evaluate and improve our products, our customer support processes and policies to support this goal. As a result, we are making an additional change based on customer feedback that also impacted Q1 Invisalign revenue. Beginning on June 15 of this year, we will no longer charge a fee associated with our midcourse correction offer -- orders. Midcourse correction provides our customers with the option of requesting a treatment correction during the active treatment if the case is not tracking to the original plan or goals. As of June 15, we will include up to 3 midcourse correction orders per case, free of charge, in our list prices for Invisalign Full and Invisalign Teen. As a result, Invisalign clear aligner revenues for Q1 of this year were decreased by $2.7 million, representing the revenue deferred to provide free midcourse correction for open cases that we expect to be eligible when this new policy takes effect on June 15. Q1 Invisalign revenue of $141.6 million increased 6.6% compared to Q4 revenue of $132.8 million and increased 14.8% compared to Q1 of last year of $123.3 million. The sequential increase in Q1 revenue reflects increased North American ortho case volumes followed by North American GPs, with international being relatively flat from Q4. Revenues were impacted by lower ASPs due to higher promotions and rebates, as well as product mix shift to lower-priced products. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 Invisalign revenue growth was driven primarily by higher volumes across all customer channels. Q1 2013 scanner and CAD/CAM services revenue was $12 million. This is a sequential increase of 20.3% from $10 million in Q4 of last year and a year-over-year increase of 2.2% from Q1 of last year. Q1 '13 scanner and CAD/CAM services revenue include $1.4 million that was reserved in Q3 and Q4 2012 for the new iTero scanner upgrade program, which was launched in Q1. This upgrade program was successfully implemented, and the full reserve was not utilized. As expected, Q1 scanner shipments were down from Q4, which is typically the strongest quarter for dentists, oral surgeons or orthodontists to purchase capital equipment. Q1 CAD/CAM services revenues were up slightly from Q4 but down 16% year-over-year, primarily due to discontinuing the OrthoCAD IQ bracket template placement product last quarter. Moving on to gross margin and operating expenses. Q1 GAAP gross margin was $112.8 million or 73.5%. This compares to $106.5 million or 74.5% in Q4 and $100.8 million or 74.6% in the same quarter last year. Q1 GAAP gross margin for Invisalign was 77.2%, and scanner and CAD/CAM services gross margin was 29.3%. This compares to 78.8% and 18.5%, respectively, in Q4. There is no difference between Q1 '13 GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin this quarter, but compares to non-GAAP gross margin of $106.5 million or 74.5% in Q4 and $101.2 million or 74.9% in the same quarter last year. For Invisalign, there is no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for Q1 or Q4 2012 and Q1 2013. The sequential decrease in gross margin primarily reflects a $1.1 million reserve of the older aligner material as we transition to SmartTrack material, which we described on last quarter's conference call. For scanner and CAD/CAM services, there is no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for Q1, but compares to non-GAAP gross margin of 18.5% last quarter and 32.4% in Q1 of 2012. The sequential decrease reflects lower volume and higher warranty costs. Q1 GAAP operating expense was $150.9 million compared to Q4 of '12 operating expense of $89.4 million and Q1 of '12 operating expense of $72.8 million. Q1 '13 GAAP operating expense includes long-lived assets and goodwill impairment charges of $67 million. Q4 '12 GAAP operating expense includes goodwill impairment charges of $11.9 million. Q1 non-GAAP operating expense was $83.9 million. This compares to $77.5 million in Q4 and $72 million in the same quarter last year. The increase in Q1 non-GAAP operating expense is primarily due to the inclusion of the medical device excise taxes, which went into effect in January; higher consumer demand spending, including development of the new consumer campaign that will launch on TV in May; as well as upcoming major customer events in North America such as the AAO meeting in Philadelphia and our European summit in Rome. Q1 GAAP operating loss was $38.1 million or 24.8%. This compares to $17.1 million or 12% in Q4 and $28 million or 20.7% in the same quarter last year. Q1 non-GAAP operating income was $28.9 million or 18.8%. This compares to $29 million or 20.3% in Q4 and $29.2 million or 21.6% in the same quarter last year. Q1 GAAP diluted earnings loss per share was $0.52 compared to EPS of $0.12 in Q4 and $0.26 in the same quarter last year. Q1 non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.26 compared to $0.26 in Q4 and $0.26 in Q1 last year. Moving on to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including long-term investments, were $377.4 million. This is compared to $356.1 million at the end of 2012. In Q1, we generated roughly $10.4 million in cash from operations compared to $50.8 million in Q4 and $7.4 million in the same quarter last year. During Q1, we purchased approximately 75,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $32.47 per share for a total of approximately $2.4 million. There remains approximately $92.7 million available under the company's existing stock repurchase authorization. Q1 days sales outstanding were 64 days compared to 62 days in Q4 and 63 days in the same quarter last year. Now let's turn to our business outlook for Q2 and the factors that inform our view. 2013 is off to good start. Our North American customers report stable patient traffic in their offices. We expect our North American orthos to benefit from increased teenage orthodontic case starts as the summer season kicks off and anticipate Q2 Invisalign case volume to be up nicely from Q1. We expect Q2 Invisalign case volume for North American GPs to be flat to slightly up from Q1. For international doctors, we would expect Q2 case volume to be up from a seasonally slower Q1. As doctors increase their utilization, we are anticipating higher advantage rebate participation. We also anticipate continued product mix shift in Europe to lower ASP products like Invisalign i7 in Q2. As a result of our new midcourse correction policy, which takes effect June 15, we will have an additional deferral in Q2 for the cases shipped between April 1 through June 15 that are expected to be eligible for the new policy. The usage rate for midcourse correction orders is expected to approximate the revenue deferrals and will therefore offset each other. In addition, as a result of no longer charging and billing customers for midcourse correction orders, we anticipate a reduction of approximately $700,000 per quarter, a small price for improving the Invisalign customer experience and helping doctors achieve great treatment outcomes for their patients. For scanner and CAD/CAM services, as discussed earlier, due to recent changes in the competitive environment for intra-oral scanners, including announcements in March of new lower-priced intra-oral scanners targeted at North American orthodontists and GP dentists, we have lowered our outlook and expect Q2 scanner and CAD/CAM services to decrease sequentially from Q1. With that as a backdrop, Q2 Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 102,200 to 104,700 cases, reflecting 7.2% to 9.8% year-over-year growth. We expect Q2 total revenues to be in the range of $153.6 million to $157.4 million. We expect Q2 gross margins to be in the range of 74.5% to 75%. In Q2, we expect operating expense to be in a range of $85.7 million to $87.1 million. The expected sequential increase in operating expense relates primarily to higher TV media and advertising spending and includes expenses for our Asia Pacific operations as of May 1. We expect Q2 operating margin to be in a range of 18.7% to 19.7% and EPS to be in a range of $0.26 to $0.28. In Q2, we expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 24%, diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 83.9 million and cash on hand to be in a range of $405 million to $415 million, excluding any stock repurchases. Now I will turn the call over to Tom for closing comments.
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, Roger. Overall, I'm pleased to see our Q1 results, especially with respect to Invisalign volume. And as indicated by our guidance for Q2, we believe we can build on this good start. These results begin with stable patient traffic in our customers' offices and are driven by good execution of practice-building activities. Heading into Q2, we expect to keep our focus on driving increased activity in offices and better customer engagement, even as GPs, orthos and their patients all kind of heading in different directions with summer approaching. Fewer patients schedule routine dental care around the summer vacation period. As a result, many GP dental offices close for at least a few weeks. Our job and our challenge is to keep those GP offices engaged and their patients interested even through the early part of summer. On the other hand, Q2 also marks the beginning of the busy summer season for our ortho customers and teenager orthodontic case starts, and we would expect to continue to gain what we call share of chair among the North American orthos this year. At the same time, full appointment books for teens during the summer can crowd out adult consultations at the ortho office, so we'll stay actively engaged with our customers and with their potential adult and teen patients as we launch an exciting new consumer campaign in late May. On the international side of the business, we are looking forward to bringing the Asia Pacific team back in-house on May 1. We've now got a strong team in place there and are excited about the growth potential this region offers. And even though the summer is typically a slower season for case starts in Europe, we'll continue building our brand awareness in core European markets. Q2 will be a busy quarter, with numerous important initiatives underway or just launching, but we know that one of the best ways we can engage with our customers around the world and earn their confidence and increased utilization is by delivering product improvements and innovations that help them deliver great treatment results. We believe our new SmartTrack material is the most impactful of these recent innovations, with the right level of constant force, improved tooth control and greater comfort for patients. This will increase the number and complexity of cases doctors treat with Invisalign. I look forward to updating you on our progress as this year continues to unfold. And with that, let's get right to the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matt Dolan from Roth Capital Partners.
Matthew Dolan - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: So you indicated you're off to good start to the year. I just wanted to touch on the volume guidance for the second quarter. If I'm calculating it right, it's 8% or 9% growth year-over-year versus a 15% rate in the first quarter and a high-teens type of number in the last couple of years. So just walk us through maybe what is difficult in terms of the comp relative to those historical numbers that you're expecting in the second quarter.
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. Well, there's a couple of different things working. I'd say the biggest part of the challenge is that, as other dental companies go out there and report, I don't think anybody is going to be describing the dental market as easy right now. We believe we're going to do better than most, and the good news is, our customers report what we'll call -- we keep calling stable traffic. Not booming. GPs are still somewhat unwilling to try and upsell a more valuable procedure, and unless traffic improves a bit, we're going to have to keep working hard to make that happen. So that's maybe the back story. We do believe, within all that, there are opportunities to go after the ortho volume and certainly set ourselves up for summer. But I think the -- and then we have plenty of economic issues around the world that keep us from being more bullish. We think we can make good continued progress, and that's kind of how we're calling it.
Matthew Dolan - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But just to clarify, sorry, has the macro environment therefore deteriorated a little bit? Or why the decrease, I guess, is what we're looking for?
Thomas M. Prescott: I wouldn't say the macro environment -- macro, I don't think it's getting any better. We tend not to overreact in the nearer term to the big macro elements like consumer sentiment, which is back down now, and others. We think the primary secular trend for us is patient traffic. If patient traffic, in general, trends up, we think we can over-perform, especially in the GP side. But I think what you're seeing is the total of all that already in market. No new trend, just the challenges of pushing that uphill a little bit. But again, I think we continue to feel solid about the overall growth story for the year.
Matthew Dolan - Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then second -- my second question has to do with the margin. I know you have some major customer events in the second quarter. But you're still in the high teens in terms of operating margin through the first half of the year. What -- where are you on the goal that you stated on the last call, targeting the low end of your long-term range in the mid-20s in terms of an operating margin by around the end of this year?
Thomas M. Prescott: Matt, setting onetime charges aside, on a non-GAAP basis, and we describe our model that way, I will continue to say we expect we can approach the low end of our -- we believe we'll be comfortably within our volume and revenue guidance. And I won't mess with every other element other than to say, on an operating margin line, we believe we can approach the lower end of that, around 25%, by year end. And we believe that's important to do so, so we're going to keep working that way.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I actually had just a follow-up to the first question. Clearly, the first quarter results, from both a case and revenue perspective, came in above guidance, so it does look like this year got off to a strong start. But if we do think about some of the macro and, more specifically, consumer data points that we've seen most recently in March, certainly things -- it looks like things maybe have fallen off a bit. I was just kind of curious if you'd be willing to share how the quarter itself trended as we try to think about 2Q. I mean, were you out of the gate strong in 1Q, and we saw things kind of level off in March? Or are you coming into 2Q on an upswing?
Thomas M. Prescott: Let me be thoughtful about how I respond, because we generally don't provide a detailed view of our pipeline. I think, as we described in the call, we -- if we go back to Q4, Bob, the evolution of our business was a pretty strong move towards the end of Q4. And that solid progress continued into Q1. Certainly, by the time we did our call, we were commenting on, in a qualitative way, about volume bouncing back. I would say the quarter generally evolved in a consistent way. Again, not tearing the cover off the ball here, but solid progress. I think SmartTrack and these other elements really helped engage the ortho community, and we're seeing that around the road as well, which is largely an ortho community outside North America for our customer base. Very responsive to anything that helps treat more complex cases, which is their norm. And then on the GP side, as long as we can have steady kind of patient traffic, our GP customers will at least stay involved. It would be helpful if it was more robust, but we can certainly work with what we've got. So again, our -- the business continues to evolve. We're not exactly linear, but I think it looks a little more predictable right now than it was during parts of 2012, notwithstanding what else could happen here. I don't think that answers your question.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No, that does. That's helpful. And then I guess just one within the categories, the Express/Lite category continues to grow impressively, certainly ahead of our expectations. I was just curious if you could comment on more specifically where you see that growth coming from, and I guess what I'm getting at is there's certainly always a fear or concern that, that growth could come at the expense of the Full line. Are you seeing these starts coming from historical cases that might have come from the Full line, or is this really purely you penetrating into a category that wasn't necessarily being fully utilized before?
Thomas M. Prescott: It's really the latter, Bob. We've actually done a fair amount of work talking to our customers, and in most cases -- and I'll set North America, where we've been dealing with Express 5 a bit longer, aside from the new i7 launch in the U.K. and Europe -- we have seen virtually no cannibalization. In fact, it's actually attracting some people that at least get started with just closing a very small space or reducing a very little bit of crowding. And what doctors are reporting for people that aren't ready to do a full treatment, $4,000, $5,000, $6,000 worth of treatment, they are in many cases getting engaged, finishing this 6 weeks, 8 weeks, 10 weeks of treatment and then saying, "Boy, when I can, I want to come back and do the rest of it, now that I'm really aware." So we think if there's any cannibalization right now, it's too small for us to measure. What it is doing is taking some share away from all the hundreds and thousands of little labs that have been apparently providing some of these very simple cases to both GPs and orthos. Or in some cases, an ortho may be doing a suck-down in their own labs. So for us, we saw this as something we could do better than most everybody else from a precision perspective. And done properly, we ought to be able to move more in 5 stages than anybody else in the world, and more predictably. So we think it's actually positive, and perhaps, it leads to a patient that only does a little bit of correction now but is now becoming much more aware of what they want, thinking about their broader treatment, they come back and do full-on. So I think it's maybe just the reverse over time. U.K. is a little differently with the austerity, and we started with -- in the U.K. for 2 reasons with the i7 pilot. One is we have a broader base of GP dentists there than elsewhere in Europe. And two, we've had, had some more localized competition there. And so we did a pilot, and we got great response for it. There's clearly a price point out there at the patient level, the consumer level, and there's an interest at the doctor level, both orthos and GPs. And so we've rolled that out across our direct geographies in Europe now, and we expect that, that'll take its place as maybe an entry offering for minor malocclusions. So we think it's upside in general. And again, I'll repeat, to the extent there's cannibalization, it's very, very small.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I actually had just a couple of housekeeping items. And I don't know if this is for Tom, perhaps, or for Karen or for Roger. But on the Vivera item that we had here in this quarter, $4.4 million as expected. Is it right that we'll have no impact from that phenomena in 2Q, or do we maybe get another potentially small impact?
Thomas M. Prescott: We'll have Karen Silva, our VP of Finance, take this one. She's the expert.
Karen Silva: Steve. This is Karen. So the Vivera release of $4.4 million was folded in Q1. And going forward, we don't expect additional pops in revenue related to the Vivera consolidation.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So that's an -- we won't see anything about that in the next quarter's release? Okay. And then...I'm sorry?
Karen Silva: I said no, that's correct.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then same question on the fourth quarter item, the return reserve release. No more impact from that as well?
Karen Silva: Yes, you're talking about the 2.9 release, is that what you're talking about?
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: In the fourth quarter, right.
Karen Silva: Yes. So in the Q1, we had a small release related to -- it was $1.4 million related to the 2.9 iTero program that we launched in the beginning of this quarter, and we do not foresee to run that program again, and we'll not have any additional onetime hits with that as well.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one for you, Tom. And I'm sorry, I saved the hard one for you. It's -- we're in a bit of an air pocket here between now and the time that we hear from the ITC. I appreciate it's a tough topic, but I wonder if there's anything you could say to help us and the investment community broadly just dimension what the commentary from the ITC means, how we should think about the process over the next couple of months and then over the longer term.
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, certainly, we can't predict the future, but our team is extremely prepared for any scenario. We are -- we certainly expect that we will prevail based on all of our insight and everything we've done. We believe the law is on our side and the facts are on our side. So with that said, we're prepared for the best case scenario, something in between and the worst case scenario. And this, we have a lot more -- if the worst case scenario were to happen, it's not our expectation, we have a lot of things we can go do, including putting our activity back in Texas back on. I guess maybe to pile on a little bit, I've Roger sitting right here, he actually is still a lawyer besides acting as our CFO. And maybe Roger, do you want to put some dimension to that?
Roger E. George: Steve, one simple thing to remind everybody of is that the remedy that is available at the ITC as a forum is exclusion from the domestic market. So the judge's determination that we will get on May 6 will tell us whether he thinks, based on the case, that ClearCorrect infringes our patent and because of that, should be excluded from the domestic market. That's what we're waiting to hear. Now that's what the judge thinks. There is a period of time after the judge's decision is published where the side that loses has the opportunity to appeal to the entire commission, the ITC itself. And the time for all of those appeals processes to run doesn't end until September. So as Tom said, we're prepared for any situation that might start with the judge's ruling. We remain cautiously optimistic that the ruling will be in our favor and that ClearCorrect will be excluded from the domestic market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Block from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Maybe the first, and maybe I can squeeze in 3. But if we can just talk on the revenue recognition or what you talked about on the course correction. So you reported $0.26 non-GAAP. You took a $2.7 million deduction, if you would. Is it fair to say -- I mean, relative to where we were and where you guided, that is $0.28 to $0.29, if you go ahead and add that back? That's part one of the question. So can we start there, and you can answer that?
Roger E. George: The answer is yes.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So then can you talk about 2Q, where I just want to be clear, because there was a lot of comments, but I don't think it was clear -- going forward, 2Q will be a $700,000 hit. And if that's the case, why is it $700,000 and not the $2.7 million that you experienced in 1Q?
Roger E. George: So the $700,000 is the amount of revenue that we will not book because we're not going to be charging for midcourse correction. For the $700k is just that, lost revenue. The revenue guidance that we've given you, of course, has the deferral for future pre-midcourse corrections built into it.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess, maybe we can take this offline. But my last one, just to clarify, is why was the hit $2.7 million in 1Q and yet I believe you're saying your hit in Q2 will be $700k?
Roger E. George: All right. Go ahead, Karen.
Karen Silva: Jonathan, so the $2.7 million is related to open cases. We're grandfathering in all those cases that are open to allow for midcourse correction.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: There you go, that's the answer. The changes, the goodwill impairments for 3 quarters in a row unfortunately just make people not focus on the fundamentals of the story, which has actually been very solid. But that's the frustration. And then the second one, Tom, is on the interoperability or possibility of one with other scanners, that was the first time I've actually heard you float that it's possible. So can you maybe elaborate a bit? You've written down all the goodwill. What are you seeing with the guys that have a scanner, and are they doing more Invisalign? And does that make you much more receptive to possibly entering into an agreement with another scanner company?
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, given your less than wonderful setup about the goodwill, we have to separate, and we're responsible for good accounting. I'm going to pull apart, as we think about the business going forward, our ability to create economic value, which very much still exists as we think about the benefits over time aside from the reality of dealing with a softening outlook in the near to midterm, which we've got do to deal with in terms of our accounting processes. So I understand it's not what we'd like to be able to report, but we're going to deal with that reality. Moving forward, we know that scanning at the front end of the process is going to be a very valuable part of Invisalign going forward. You can see from roughly a 200 basis point per quarter increase on our iTero scanners alone what's going on with our own base. And all of the effects are positive there. So as we see the ability to move high-value applications like the outcome stimulator out to those kinds of platforms, we've known for a long time that if other potential scanner platforms could be made to work what we believe is the most demanding application in dentistry today, it's not a quadrant or individual tooth, even for surgical cases, this is full-arch, interproximal space, gingival margins, everything in detail, all having to be very accurate put together. That's been a very hard job for anybody else's scanner, which is one of the things that led us to Cadent in the first place. At the time, they were only scanner that even had a shot. So with that said, I would say from a strategic perspective, we're open-minded about considering some other scanners. But I'm not going to talk in more detail about what that path might look like or what the implications might be because it is an R&D project to consider, evaluate and ]qualify such a thing, and again, when there's news to report, we will do so.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And last question, if I could just slip it in. Is there any reason why you guys were light on the share repo this quarter? Is it something where you're aggressive in the high 20s but you sort of take your foot off the gas in the low 30s?
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, I guess we have a policy of, as a company, of open-window periods. And during this open-window period, the company was evaluating impairment, and we felt it constrained us from acting on any share repurchases. The same is exactly for board buybacks or sales. So I'll just say it that way. We've been consistent in the way we look at that policy.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of John Kreger from William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just to dig in a little bit to the ASP trend. This quarter, you were down a bit year-over-year. In the fourth quarter. You were up a bit from a longer term perspective, what is your current about how the ASP will trend? I assume it's down, but could you maybe size that for us?
Thomas M. Prescott: We've actually been doing some internal modeling, John, to answer that same question. I guess we're not ready to put it out there yet. But if I could, I would expect that it's probably going to go down a bit over time. And I don't want to put tighter dimensions than that because separating everything else aside, we expect mix to play a bigger role over time with the large base of GP customers in North America and price sensitivity around the world for simple cases. So that'll -- but in our view, that's a positive reason for average ASP to go down. We certainly have FX that gives and takes on a quarterly basis, but we usually speak to FX at a high level, so you can kind of back into what that might be. We're playing around the idea of putting out like a net adjusted ASP because there's puts and takes. We've added some new complexities, certainly, with midcourse correction pricing and those kinds of policy changes, change -- have some movement on ASP over time. But in general, because of mix and because of advantage, widening advantage programs, which we look at as a positive, and to a lesser extent promotions, we think pricing will be stable but will probably drift down a bit over time. Separate aside from onetime events where we might change policies like warranty or something like that.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And just a quick follow-up. The advantage rebate in particular, have you adjusted any of the terms of that, or do you expect to as you go through the year?
Thomas M. Prescott: We consider looking at that all the time. We would certainly always reserve the right to do that. But we -- if anything, we're beefing up the value in that program, what it means to be Elite, Super Elite and Premier and making sure that value proposition is even better. We've not adjusted, to date, any of the pricing terms, numbers or anything else.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then finally, very impressive growth in the Express product line. If that continues, what -- does that have a negative impact, margin impact on your operating margin?
Thomas M. Prescott: No, if we had to stack up kind of in an activity-based cost model for our go-to-market, it's considered kind of gravy. Not a lot of effort go to those cases. These are -- in general, these are customers that have more experience with the product. So for them to go 5-stage case, it's really a scenario for them where a patient is probably declining full treatment and it may be right now for price. And they're saying, well, how about considering just a minor correction for $1,200 or $1,500. And the patient says, great. They were going to walk out and do nothing; instead, they're going to do something. Oftentimes, the conversations we're hearing may very well lead them to full treatment down the road with that doc. So our cost of that setup are roughly the same as any other case would be, and so our margins shouldn't be any worse.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Brandon Couillard from Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Tom, where do we stand in terms of incremental sales force expansion plans that you had for the year? I believe it was a 10% increase or so off the 200 base.
Thomas M. Prescott: We're right on track with that. Our goal was to make sure they were in and running well before the end of the first half, and I think -- I'm looking at Shirley for a second. I'm not sure if that'll be updated in our Q filing here for our sales force, but it probably will be. So won't give the numbers now, but if you look in the Q in a few weeks, you'll probably see the latest kind of roster numbers.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then just an update on where we stand in terms of the CFO search?
Thomas M. Prescott: Yes, good question. Well, I will say in the interim, Roger and Karen and other members of our outstanding finance team are doing a great job, and not a surprise to me, but they're doing a great job for us. We are see some real good talent. We're -- and I'm comfortable that process is progressing well.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Glen Santangelo from Crdit Suisse.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Tom, I just wanted to follow up with you on some of the comments around ClearCorrect from earlier in the call. I'm just kind of curious, assuming that the court decision ultimately goes in your favor, it seems like a pretty greenfield, pretty sizable greenfield opportunity. Is it your sense that those dentists that are using that competing product, that's all they use? And so presumably, that would be some really easy market opportunity for you to gain relatively quickly? And if you kind of agree with that, I'm also kind of curious on the negative side, I know you're not assuming it, but let's just say, for example, the binary event is somewhat negative. I mean, how do you ultimately react from something like that from a competitive perspective? And does anything really change?
Thomas M. Prescott: Yes, I want to be careful, a, not to speculate about what happens with customers and market and stuff like that, and b, I'd rather not speculate about either a good or bad outcome. The simple fact is we think roughly a year ago, they were taking a little bit of share. With think a lot of it was driven by Groupon, and they've kind of changed their model a bit where they've gone back more to a lab-based model, and I don't think they have a sales force really in place of much sorts right now. But they're working very hard and doing the best they can to make it, and we think we've retaken the share we believe we had lost. And if you look at Express 5, Express 10, it's hitting a price point where we're -- forget ClearCorrect for a moment. There's a lot of little labs producing 5-, 6-, 7-stage cases for doctors. I think that's the greenfield opportunity, more so than ClearCorrect. Again, I want to be very thoughtful about not thinking too far ahead with that or not thinking about scenarios. But we think the bigger opportunity is to engage the wider slice of dentistry over time for simple cases that are easy to do and are very clear and straightforward about what that patient -- what treatment that patient will end up with. So there's an awful lot out there, and over time, we hope to get at it.
Glen J. Santangelo - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And maybe if I could just ask you a follow-up question, then. You obviously talked about taking the Asia Pac team back in-house here in the next couple of weeks. It sounds like you are on target for that. Have you -- could you give us a little bit more details in terms of, do you think that will enhance your ability to accelerate the revenue growth in that market? And what does that -- can you give us some -- a little bit more clarity in terms of what that's going to do to your cost structure?
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, it certainly, we wind up -- as we said, we've kind of been front-running some OpEx as a way to transition this product. It's technically an acquisition, but very, very small. And the reality is we've been bridging -- without having control of the business, we've been bridging some OpEx support so that instead of kind of stepping back away, knowing there was an endpoint, the ownership could continue to build the business. And we've been bridging some of those customer events and those kind of things that were all agreed upon in advance. So we've already had some OpEx pressure and headwind as early as Q4 last year and into Q1, which we spoke about but didn't give dimensions to. We'll pick up that entire cost structure May 1, and over some months, I think, will be very comfortable that the volume will start to cover that. If you go back to our last annual report where we had a diagram, I think, Shirley, the number was 3% for our...
Shirley Stacy: In 2011.
Thomas M. Prescott: In 2011 for our distributor geographies, just mapping this, that number would now -- doubling the revenue would be, taking out Asia Pacific, would be about 6% of the international. So I think it's going to double that overnight, and we're pretty comfortable that the contribution margins will work themselves out within a couple of months. But I think the bigger thing is we have an opportunity to leverage skills and experience across Asia where, in general, they're treating far more complex cases. And we're pretty excited about the quality of the Pan Asia team with a very small team based in Singapore, right perfectly the middle. So I think that's the opportunity, and I think we can leverage what's going on so well with these distributors with what we've done well and China and Japan direct. And over time, as I think I indicated, this can become a much more significant contributor to our long-term growth.
Operator: We do have time for one last question. Our last question comes from the line of Jeffrey Matthews from RAM Partners.
Jeffrey Matthews - RAM Partners, L.P.: I wanted to follow up quickly on that last question and then switch to Spain and Italy. But have you learned anything about Asia Pacific and the opportunities there that you weren't fully aware of now that you're getting into it, or is it hands-off until May 1?
Thomas M. Prescott: In terms of -- well, first of all, we've been Asia for 5 years very quietly. Longer than that, 8.5 in Japan and 5 years in China, although we didn't have a -- because we actually set up our -- started setting up our entity in China that long ago, filing IP, et cetera. In terms of our distributor geographies, we've been very, very thoughtful and careful about everything you can imagine. And there's nothing new we've learned, and we've been -- this is as friendly a process as you can imagine, with a lot of contact with the entire -- it's a small team in total, but a lot of contact with the entire team, including all of our regulatory and compliance people, our sales leadership now with a very experienced medical device executive right there ensuring that we go do all the right things in all the right ways. But our -- when I say that a clear learning for us has less to do with the distributor team and more to do with the excitement from the customer base that they're going to be working directly with the company again, that'll just make it easier to get things done. And they are -- again, in Asia, they treat the most complex cases in the world. We have a -- I think we have 1 doctor in Japan treating a 93-stage case, which is headed towards 4 years of treatment. So they are very excited about the evolution of technology, and I think being able to more directly engage with them is going to help us accelerate their adoption. So I think we've got some work to do there. There'll be plenty more to report. But that is going to be -- that's going to be a good journey for all of us.
Jeffrey Matthews - RAM Partners, L.P.: And then if I could just ask, I'm just intrigued by -- you're doing well in calling out Spain and Italy. What is it? Is it a good sales team? Is it -- what is it about the product or its evolution or the lifetime right now that's making you do well in an area that's so economically depressed?
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, it sounds like you're actually there trying to keep the economy going, Jeff. If I heard correctly, you're in Italy. So the reality is we have very, very small penetration, and there's still a fairly significant population that cares about aesthetics and about function. We see this in Germany, we see this in the U.K, we see this in Spain and Italy. And even in areas where there's real severe austerity and challenges that you can see, there are people with wealth that want a healthier and more beautiful smile, and we're tapping into that. The more we can, in a cost-effective way, engage directly with a consumer, and there are different rules in every country around medical devices and consumer marketing, the more effective we'll be at creating demand. And we're just starting to scale that now. So I think over time, and goodness, with any improvement at all in the economy in Europe, we should we be able to continue to do well.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Jeff. Well thanks, everyone. We appreciate you joining us on the conference call today. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings. And if you have any follow-up questions, please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this that this time, and have a wonderful night.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy  VP, Corporate & Investor Communications Thomas Prescott  President & CEO Kenneth Arola  VP & CFO Roger George  VP, Legal & Corporate Affairs
Analysts: John Kreger  William Blair Steve Beuchaw  Morgan Stanley Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse Jeremy Feffer  Cantor Fitzgerald Brandon Couillard  Jefferies Spencer Nam  Janney Capital Jonathan Block  Stifel Nicolaus Jeff Matthews  Ram Partners 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Align Technology Q4 Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce, Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Im Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and Ken Arola, Vice President and CFO. We issued fourth quarter and fiscal 2012 financial results press release today via Marketwire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Todays conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5.30 PM Eastern Time through 5.30 PM Eastern Time on February 8, 2013. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 406337 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements about Aligns future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other results are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Please also note that on this conference call, we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and the reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures, where practical, are contained in todays financial results press release, which we have posted on our website under financial releases, and have been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. We have posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our fourth quarter conference call slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. In Kens comments today, he will not review the total dollars excluded for non-GAAP gross margin, operating expense and operating margin, instead we refer you to our press release tables. And with that, Id like to turn the call over to Align Technologys President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Tom Prescott: Thanks Shirley. Good afternoon everyone. On the call today, Ill provide an overview of preliminary fourth quarter results and discuss the performance of our two operating segments Invisalign clear aligners and scanner and CAD/CAM services. Ken will cover Q4 financial results and the outlook for Q1 in more detail and then Ill come back with a few closing comments and open the call to your questions. Im very pleased to report solid fourth quarter, which culminated in a record fiscal year with over 70% growth for Invisalign volume reflecting continued adoption and increased utilization. Our continuing focus on Invisalign product evolution, market expansion and share gains are the core of this growth. Q4 revenues were at the high-end of guidance. Even without the positive effects from the release of $4.9 million of previously deferred revenue for Invisalign case refinement which Ken is going to cover more in detail shortly. Better than expected Q4 revenues reflect increased Invisalign ASPs due to lower Advantage rebates driven by lower utilization in Q4 especially among our North American Orthodontists. In addition, we got some lift for international sales from favorable foreign exchange rates. Lets start with an overview of key highlights for Invisalign. And for Q4, total Invisalign case volume was 90,500, an increase of 10% year-over-year and a decrease of 2% sequentially. The sequential decline primarily reflects lower volume from North American customers. Year-over-year growth was driven primarily by North American Orthodontists and international doctors and compares to an especially strong Q4 a year ago, Q4 of 2011 which increased 30% year-over-year and 4% sequentially over Q3 of 2011. As reported previously, in Q4 we saw continued softness in Invisalign case volume due to broader market conditions as well as disruption of our customers practices from super storm Sandy. This major storm affected our customers in the Mid-Atlantic and North Eastern region with the greatest impact on the major metropolitan areas in New York and New Jersey. We saw a change in Invisalign case volume and practice patterns after the storm hit those areas which continued throughout the quarter. While fairly few practices experienced serious damage, most reported delayed or cancelled patient appointments or consultations which impacted their case starts. When we compare the affected area relative to the rest of the U.S., we estimate that we lost approximately 1,000 to 1,500 cases in Q4. Many residents in the area are getting back to normal, but we cant predict when these perspectives patients will start to seek Invisalign treatment again. Notwithstanding the impact from Sandy, overall Invisalign case submissions rebounded in December and this trend continued into the first quarter of 2013. Overall, weve seen uptick in North American case receipts reflecting increased patient traffic in our customers offices as well as traction from customer engagement and practice development activities. Weve also seen increased customer interest in Invisalign related to the launch of SmartTrack, our next generation aligner material which is commercially available now. North American Orthodontists Q4 case volume of 33,500 cases declined 7% sequentially, due primarily to the expected decrease in Invisalign Teen case starts. Year-over-year, over North American Ortho customers increased case volume by 12% driven primarily by Invisalign team reflecting our continued share gains in this very important Teenager Orthodontic segment. To top it off, weve seen strong adoption of Invisalign Express 5, our cost effective treatment for very minor fixes which was launched commercially a year ago and is targeted at our higher volume ortho customers. During Q4, we ran a promotion, a new promotion which offered doctors $200 of less price for Invisalign Express 5 which was intended to drive higher trial and repeat usage and weve seen good uptick on it as a result. Our North American GP dentists Q4 case volume of 34,600 cases was essentially flat from last quarter and reflects an increase in Invisalign Express offset by a decrease in Invisalign Teen just fairly typical coming off the summer Teen season. On a year-over-year basis, North American GP has increased 5% driven primarily by Invisalign Express. Even admitting industry slow down, our performance in this channel has been solid. For our customers outside of North America, Invisalign volume of 22,300 increased 2% sequentially reflecting a seasonal rebound in Europe. This growth in Europe was offset primarily by a decrease from our Asia-Pacific distributor which is historically down in Q4. On a year-over-year basis, international volume increased 14% reflecting growth from almost every country as well as increased utilization of all products, especially for Invisalign fall. Growth also reflects positive response to new predictability features of Invisalign like Invisalign G4 introduced over the past year or so. In our direct European geographies, Q4 sequential growth was driven by a rebound in Italy as well as growth in France and CEU countries of Germany, Switzerland and Austria. We were also up a bit in Spain albeit of a small base despite a very challenging economic environment there. Q4 year-over-year growth was led by the UK, France and CEU countries. Weve seen strong acceptance of Invisalign i7 in UK equally across GP and Ortho channels. We expect our i7 offering will also benefit from renewed interest for less complex treatments as we launch it across Europe. In terms of teenage orthodontics market in Europe, we dont see the same seasonal pattern in North America experiences and so Invisalign Teen was up sequentially and year-over-year. Our recent product technology innovation is resulting in improved clinical confidence in greater acceptance for Invisalign to treat those teen cases. In addition, we continued to successfully build on our consumer campaign called the right byte in the CEU countries. Were also now seeing increased utilization of Invisalign Teen in France which is especially the case among our highest volume customers where now using Invisalign on more of their teen patients. As you may recall, we hold large scale customer events called Invisalign Summits every other year for our channel ortho, GP in North America and then international and in between those, we hold a serious of smaller venues called Invisalign forums. In Q4, we held a series of forums in Spain, France and UK with high customer attendance and peer to peer learning focused on sharing of clinical techniques and case studies for more complex malocclusions. Turning to our direct Asian country markets of Japan and China, we continue to make great progress, both of which had very strong year-over-year growth. Growth in China has been driven by our continued focus on executing our strategy of working with key opinion in Orthodontists in the primary cities which bodes well for the long-term health of our business. In Q4, we cosponsored a clear aligner therapy meeting with Capital University, a major thought leader in China. More than 80 important orthodontists attend to hear experts present on Invisalign advancements and techniques. We have a strongly engaged customer base that is increasingly recommending Invisalign to their colleagues and their patients. Overall, 2012 was a great year of progress in China and we are excited about opportunities for continuing to build our business in 2013. In fact, earlier this month, we held an Invisalign key user meeting bringing together the top 15 Invisalign trained orthodontists in China, many of them are now lecturing and teaching their peers about the Invisalign technique. Shifting to our Invisalign distributors in the APCA, EMEA and Latin America regions, Q4 was down sequentially across all three distributors primarily due to seasonality. Year-over-year volume growth of 30% was driven by continued strength in the APAC region followed by EMEA and the Latin America regions. Our Asia-Pacific distributor region is comprised of wide geography covering 12 countries including larger more advanced markets in Australia and Hong Kong. As we disclosed last quarter, we are bringing most of this geography back in-house starting May 1. At that time, we will begin to recognize direct sales at our full ASP rather than the significantly discounted ASP under the distribution agreement. In the near-term, operating expense from assuming the direct team there will offset the uplift ASPs, but as volumes ramp we would expect to have a much higher contribution margin on this business. This means that roughly 3% of worldwide revenue that Asia-Pacific accounts for today become even more meaningful contributor to top line growth beginning in May of this year. While we often talk about the importance of product in clinical innovation to drive adoption utilization growth in North America, the fact remains that it even more important outside North America given the significantly greater complexity of cases treated. As a result, the set of innovations weve introduced over the few years really resonates with international doctors and has been a key to increasing their confidence in Invisalign. We expect this trend to continue with the recent launch of SmartTrack and Invisalign G4 feature enhancements particularly in Europe with its innovations will be the focus of numerous launch events throughout Q1 and Q2. We continue to focus on expanding our customer base primarily with North American GPs and international doctors as well as increasing utilization among new and existing practices. Year-over-year utilization was essentially flat reflecting continued adoption growth by North America orthos offset a bit by North American GPs and international doctors. Sequentially, utilization was down a bit consistent with lower volume for North American orthos. Q4 saw lower utilization among our highest volume doctors which also accounts to lower Advantage rebates paid off. In Q4 of 2012, we trained a total of 1,775 new Invisalign doctors by channel we added 75 North American orthodontists, 920 North American GPs, and 780 international doctors. For the full year, Invisalign growth was driven primarily by the continued expansion of our customer base as we trained a total 6,845 new Invisalign doctors which reflects the addition of 388 North American orthos, 3,305 North American GPs, 3,150 international doctors. For international, around 50% new doctors were in our direct country markets and the other 50% were in our distributor geographies. Moving on to product innovation, on January 21st, we announced that our next generation liner material SmartTrack is now the standard of liner material for Invisalign clear aligners in North America and it will be commercially available in all the international markets where regulatory approvals been obtained February 4th. We previously highlighted SmartTrack in the Q3 call and since many of you have reviewed the press release, Ill touch in a few key points here. SmartTrack is a highly elastic proprietor new aligner material that delivers consistently low force to improve the control tooth movements within Invisalign clear aligner therapy. Orthodontic literature sites consistent lower moderate force as ideal for ensuring predictable tooth movement. The elasticity in SmartTrack also appears to offer greater patient comfort and easier removal of aligners. In combination with our other innovation such as Invisalign G3 and G4, our customers have told us that SmartTrack is already delivering greater predictability and in turn inspiring greater confidence to use more Invisalign. A record 5,900 of our customers registered for the SmartTrack Ask the Expert webinar we held on January 18th, the largest number ever registered for one of these webinars. Following the call, we received 3,000 survey responses regarding the impact of SmartTrack and this webinar on their future use of Invisalign. The survey responded stated that based on the webinar and their knowledge of SmartTrack, 95% sense their confidence in Invisalign was positively improved and 90% said they were likely to recommend Invisalign to their patients more frequently, great feedback. So feedback in this webinar reinforces what we already learned about SmartTrack from our large scale pilot that began last May, announces of over 1,000 patients treated with SmartTrack shows statistically significant improvement in controlled tooth movements especially for the most difficult such as rotations and extrusions. And to quote Dr. Clark Colville, an orthodontist and a member of our Clinical Advisory Board, he says, The fit around the teeth from aligner to aligner is better than with any group of patients Ive previously treated with Invisalign. Without a doubt, SmartTrack is the most exciting change in Invisalign technology among the many that have been introduced in recent years. The Align team is committed to extending this continuum of product and technology innovation to improve the performance of clear aligner therapy. Were pleased with the initial response to SmartTrack and are excited about the potential to help drive continued adoption and utilization growth for Invisalign worldwide. Overall, 2012 was a year of significant investment to extend and sustain our growth in North America and internationally. Our go-to-market approach in North America is based on a team of territory managers, and to a lesser extent territory specialist which we deploy to enhance coverage in larger territories especially with the mix of lower volume GPs. Over the past couple of years, weve piloted different coverage and deployment models and found that territory specialists are particularly successful and cost effective in building our base of GP customers. We see this is the right time to invest in incremental coverage in high growth or heavily concentrated areas with a large number of low volume GP customers. In 2013, we will add sales headcount at North America and in Europe with the bulk of those in North America. In direct geographies, it typically takes several quarters to bring new sales reps up to speed and we are comfortable that well get good ROI on our investment in this coverage. In addition, well add approximately 15 reps by bringing the Asia-Pacific team back in the direct sales organization. Turning to consumer, our integrated consumer marketing platform is traditionally focused on an North American market and combined paid media like print, broadcast and digital along with the mix of PR, event marketing and social media outreach. The goal of this platform is to raise awareness of Invisalign and Invisalign Teen as the best options for healthy beautiful smile among adults especially for moms as well as teens. In addition, it is important for us to help these potential patients find a great practice that could meet their needs. Growth in activity and greater engagement on our consumer website are good measures of progress in this front as we help educate perspective patients and direct them to get more information to take an interactive smile assessment based on their own goals for treatment and search for Invisalign providers in their own area. We ended 2012 with more than 5.4 million visitors to Invisalign.com for the year, up 23% from 2011. Website leads were up over 33% year-over-year and find a doctor search were also up nicely from 2011. We continued to see increase in traffic for mobile device users with visitors to the Invisalign.com mobile site making up around a quarter of our total traffic especially when our ads are on TV. All these metrics tell us that perspective patients remain interested and learning more about Invisalign treatment and connected with providers in their local area. As of mid-January in North America, we were back on TV with advertising and expect to be consistently on air throughout 2013 with no more than two consecutive weeks off air until December. We also have a new North American consumer campaign in development that we expect to launch around Memorial Day to leverage the summer teen season. And we look forward to sharing more about that strategic initiative when ready. Within Europe, to build on the consumer marketing front, we are launching an integrated consumer campaign in all five direct European country markets this month. For the first time in Europe, well be sponsoring TV programs in France, Germany, Italy, Spain and UK/Ireland under the campaign theme Smile and the whole world smiles with you!! As part of our TV sponsorships we will also have extensive presence on each of the TV stations web sites. The TV sponsorships will be supported by campaigns across Aligns social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter, as well as online through display and banners ads and an extensive search engine marketing program. Weve partnered with one of the worlds largest publishers of monthly magazines, Hearst, to further spread our message in consumer print and online titles and will continue to engage with local consumer media to ensure our markets are educated about Invisalign. Moving to our scanner and CAD/CAM Services segment, Q4 revenue was $10 million compared to $9.8 million in Q3 and $10 million in Q4 last year. And yet reflects strong growth of scanner sales in North America offset by lower services revenues. Q4 North American scanner shipments grew 23% year-over-year and 59% sequentially, reflecting positive impact from sales at the Invisalign Ortho Summit in November as well as a $4,000 year-end promotion that was very successful. Even with this strong growth in North America, it was not enough to offset the gap in Europe. Its clear we have the right model in North America where are successfully leveraging Invisalign resources in events and customer relationships. Over time, we will evaluate the best path forward to restage growth in Europe and the rest of the world. In addition to increase scanner sales in North America, we continued to see increased synergy between our chair-side technology and Invisalign treatments. This increasing trend and a percentage of Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scan rather than a traditional physical impression rose to 17% in Q4 compared to 14% in Q3 and 6% in Q4 a year ago. We also continued to see an increase in Invisalign utilization among scanner customers, particularly orthodontists and expect this positive trend to continue. The drivers for this growth come from better customer and patient experience along with recent scanner innovations including the new iTero scanner launching next month, which is garnering great early feedback. In addition, the recently launched Invisalign Outcome Simulator brings a valuable patient education to all chair-side to help doctor show the benefits of Invisalign treatments to perspective patients. Ill now turn the call over to Ken for review of our Q4 financial results. Ken.
Ken Arola: Thanks Tom. Before I begin, I want to provide a brief update on the status of our goodwill impairment for the Scanner and CAD/CAM Services reporting unit. In Q4 2012, we finalized the step two analyses and recorded an additional $11.9 million impairment to goodwill. We had previously recorded a preliminary estimate of $24.7 million of goodwill impairment in quarter three 2012, bringing the total goodwill impairment to $36.6 million. Now lets review our fourth quarter financial results beginning with revenue. Q4 net revenue was a total of $142.8 million which consisted of Invisalign revenue of $132.8 million and Scanner and CAD/CAM Services revenue of $10 million. This is a sequential increase of 4.6% from $136.5 million in quarter three 2012 and a year-over-year increase of 10.8% from $128.9 million in quarter four 2011. The sequential increase in revenue primarily reflects higher Invisalign ASPs which benefitted from lower than expected Advantage rebates and favorable foreign exchange rates. Q4 2012 Invisalign revenue of $132.8 million, increased 4.8% compared to Q3 revenue of $126.7 million, increased 11.7% compared to Q4 2011 revenue of $118.9 million. Q4 Invisalign revenue includes the release of $4.9 million of previously deferred revenue for Invisalign case refinements. Case refinement gives a doctor the option to additional aligners typically during the final few stages of treatment if further chose movement is needed in order to meet the original treatment goals. Aligned defers revenue for case refinement when an Invisalign case shifts. In Q4 2012, we determined that the actual case refinement usage rate was lower than our estimate and as a result, we released $4.9 million of revenue deferred for the case refinements. Adjusting for this one-time favorable impact of $4.9 million, Invisalign revenue for Q4 was $127.9 million, up slightly from Q3 and an increase of 7.6% year-over-year. As mentioned, Q4 Scanner and CAD/CAM Services was $10 million, this was a sequential increase of 2.1% from $9.8 million in Q3 2012 and was flat year-over-year. Now moving on to gross margin and operating expenses. Q4 GAAP gross margin was $106.5 million or 74.5%. This compares to $100.4 million or 73.5% in quarter three, and $95.6 million or 74.1% in the same quarter last year. Q4 GAAP gross margin was Invisalign was 78.8% and Scanner and CAD/CAM Services gross margin was 18.5%. This compares to 77.6% and 20.6% respectively in quarter three. Non-GAAP gross margin for Q4 was $106.7 million or 74.7%. This compares to $100.7 million or 73.7% in quarter three, and $96.5 million or 74.9% in the same quarter last year. For Invisalign, there was no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for the periods Q4 or Q3 2012 and Q4 2011. The sequential increase in gross margin primarily reflects higher ASPs and lower manufacturing spend. For Scanner and CAD/CAM services, Q4 non-GAAP gross margin was 20.5% compared to 23.8% last quarter and 30% in Q4 2011. The sequential decrease in non-GAAP gross margin is primarily ASP driven as it reflects the $4,000 promotion for iTero Scanners in quarter four. Q4 GAAP operating expense was $89.4 million compared to Q3 operating expense of $95.8 million. Operating expense for the same quarter last year was $69.1 million. GAAP operating expense includes a goodwill impairment charges of $11.9 million in Q4 2012 and $24.7 million in Q3 2012. Q4 non-GAAP operating expense was $76.6 million. This compares to $70 million in Q3 and $56.9 million in the same quarter last year. The increase in Q4 non-GAAP operating expense is primarily due to severance cost, legal fees and a greater number of industry meetings including the ADA and Greater New York Dental Show. In addition, we hold a number of major customer events in Q4 including our North America Ortho Summit and a series of Invisalign forums in Europe. Q4 operating income was $17.1 million or 12%, this compares to $5.4 million or 3.3% in quarter three and $26.4 million or 20.5% in the same quarter a year ago. Q4 non-GAAP operating income was $30 million or 21% and this compares to $30.6 million or 22.4% in Q3 and $29.7 million or 23% in the same quarter last year. Q4 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.12 compared to $0.00 in Q3 and $0.25 in the same quarter last year. And Q4 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, was $0.27 compared to $0.28 in quarter three and $0.28 in Q4 of last year. Moving onto the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities including long-term investments were $356.1 million. This is compared to $248.1 million at the end of 2011. In Q4, we generated roughly $50.8 million in cash from operations compared to $40.3 million in quarter three and $42 million in the same quarter last year. During quarter four, we purchased approximately 1.4 million shares of our common stock at an average of $26.41 a share for a total approximately $37 million. There remains approximately $95.5 million available under the companys existing stock repurchase authorization. Q4 DSOs were 62 days compared to 70 days in quarter three and 64 days in the same quarter last year. Before I move on to the Q1 outlook, Id like to make a few comments on the full year results. Revenue was a record $560 million, up 16.7% compared to $479.7 million in 2011. Adjusting for the one-time impact of $4.9 million release of previously deferred revenue for Invisalign case refinement, revenue for the year was $555.1 million, up 15.7% year-over-year reflecting solid growth in all channels, especially North America Orthos and International doctors. In 2012, we shifted 363,500 Invisalign cases, up 17.5% compared to 309,300 cases in 2011. From a geographic standpoint, North America volumes increased 16% and international volumes increased 22.7% year-over-year. GAAP operating income for the year was $85.6 million or 15.3% compared to $90.4 million or 18.8% in 2011. Non-GAAP operating income for the year was $128.6 million or 23% compared to $104.7 million or 21.8% in 2011. GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.71 for 2012 compared to $0.83 in 2011 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.17 compared to $0.97 in 2011. For the full year, we generated $133.8 million in cash from operations compared to $130.5 million in 2011 and we bought back 1.7 million shares of Align stock for total of $47.2 million. Now lets turn to our business outlook for Q1 2013 and the factors that inform our view. 2013 is off to a good start. Our customers report patient traffic flow in their office has picked up towards the end of the fourth quarter and has continued into 2013. We expect our North America business to benefit from the increased activity and volume trends we are seeing, as well as the price increase for clear aligners and iTero scanners. At the same time, as doctors increase their utilization we are anticipating higher Advantage rebate participation and were expecting some product mix shift to lower ASP products like Invisalign Express 5. In North America, we anticipate Invisalign case volume for the GP channel to be flat to slightly up in quarter one and North America Ortho channel to be up nicely from a seasonally softer quarter four. In International, we would expect Q1 case volume to be flat to down as doctors have more days out of the office in Q1 for winter holidays. In Q1, we will begin to consolidate Vivera Retainer product shipments down to one shipment per year, compared to the current process of four shipments per year. Consolidating the shipments is something our customers have asked for as it will make it more efficient for their practice. As a result, our Q1 outlook reflects a higher amount of Vivera revenue than in the past as we will be recognizing the full Vivera case revenue upon shipment instead of recognizing it ratably over four quarters. The net impact will be a $4 million benefit to Q1 revenue. In addition, we will also begin to realize reduced freight costs as we make this change. For Scanner and CAD/CAM Services, Q4 is typically the strongest quarter for dentists and specialist to purchase capital equipment. As such, we would expect Q1 sales to be down sequentially from Q4. So with that as a backdrop, Q1 Invisalign case volume is anticipated to be in a range of 95,000 to 97,500 cases reflecting 11.4% to 14.3% year-over-year growth. We expect Q1 total revenues to be in a range of $146 million to $150.5 million. We expect gross margins to be in a range of 72.4% to 73.1%. The sequential decrease in gross margin primarily reflects a slightly higher material cost for the SmartTrack material as well as a planned inventory reserve for current safety stock of our previous clear aligner materials. In Q4, we expect operating expenses to be in a range of $82.8 million to $84.4 million. The sequential increase in operating expense relates to higher annual compensation and employee benefits, consumer programs including the development of the new consumer advertising campaign Tom mentioned and incremental sales headcount. Also beginning in Q1, operating expense will include the new medical revised excised tax. We expect Q1 operating margin to be in a range of 15.8% to 17.1% and earnings per share to be in a range of $0.21 to $0.23. In Q1, we expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 24%, diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 83 million and cash on hand to be in a range of $365 million to $375 million excluding any stock repurchases. Now Id like to provide some directional comments on full year 2013. From a revenue perspective, we believe we are focused on the right strategic levers and with our expanded product platform, we believe we will continue to grow and gain share during the year. The ASP impact from the price increase for Invisalign in North America that was effective as of January 1st, will be offset somewhat by the expected increase in Advantage rebates as were anticipating doctors will continue to increase utilization of Invisalign, as well as increased volume from lower price products including Express 5 and Invisalign i7. We believe we can maintain our gross margins in the lower end of the long-term model of 73% to 78%. Factors that can impact our gross margin structure, either positive or negative, are significant shifts in case volume quarter-to-quarter, movements in foreign exchange rates, particularly the Euro, and levels of Advantage rebates and promotional discounts attained by our customers. 2013 will be a year of investment in areas around sales coverage in North America and Europe, bringing the Asia Pacific channel back in-house with approximately 50 employees; the development of a new consumer campaign and being on air more consistently in 2013, and our continued focus on product technology and innovation. To believe, there will be some quarterly fluctuations from Q1 levels during the year due to timing and amounts of spend relative to consumer marketing, sales force expansion, and significant trade show and industry events. Given the rebound in case receipts in December, which have continued into Q1 and assuming patient traffic continues to improve, were confident about our top line growth resuming and expect operating margins to approach the low end of our operating margin targets as we exit the year. Before I turn the call over to Tom, Id like to make one other brief comment. Right now you probably seen the announcement that I will be stepping down as CFO of Align. Over the next month, I will continue in my current capacity to ensure that we complete all year-end activities and including the filing of our 10-K. Beyond that, I will transition my responsibilities and an employee through June. I have truly enjoyed being a part of great team to bring the company to where it is today and wish continued success for Align. It was also been a pleasure to have the opportunity to meet and get to know many of you over the past several years and I wish you all the best as well. Now Ill turn the call back to Tom for some closing comments.
Tom Prescott: Before I move to some closing comments, I want to thank Ken for his service over the past seven years, hes earned some downtime and as he is really going to enjoy that. Thank you so much. We have a search underway for a new CFO and expect to complete that by the end of Q2. During the interim, Roger George will formally pickup responsibility to the finance team and service interim CFO. Now to wrap up our comments. Q4 was a very solid end to a year of record Invisalign case volume and revenues. Despite slower growth in the back half of the year, our strong first half performance helped drive nearly 17% Invisalign case growth with 16% North America and 23% international. We had many significant accomplishments this past year that contributed to that growth, including entry into new market segments with the launch of Invisalign Express 5 and Invisalign i7, expansion into new emerging country markets, and the unveiling of our next generation aligner material SmartTrack, which began commercial shipments two weeks ago. We are starting off the New Year with several new products and feature enhancements including the new iTero scanner, Invisalign Outcome Simulator, and Invisalign G4 Enhancements which are all commercially available in Q1 of this year. In addition, our customers are reporting improving trends in patient traffic in their offices and for Invisalign case starts. That near term trend, along with our low penetration into the overall orthodontic market, reinforces our long-term view of top line growth of 15% or higher. Ken covered our framework for 2013 and assuming patient traffic continues to improve, we believe this will be another solid year in terms of Invisalign case starts. So to summarize; 2012 was a year of delivering solid results in a tough environment, with very positive progress for our customers and while initiating a set of important organizational changes for the company. 2013 will be another important year for us as we commercialize SmartTrack, integrate the APAC team back into Align, launch new products, and accelerate our marketing programs. We are committed to becoming a market leader in dentistry and will continue to build the team to deliver on that goal. All of these investments in product, programs, and our internal team are focused on one thing, getting us to the day when even our most conservative customers feel confident saying every case is an Invisalign case. I really look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. And with that, operator, lets get to the questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Shirley Stacy: John, are you there?
John Kreger  William Blair: I am. Can you hear me?
Tom Prescott: Yes, now we can. Thanks.
John Kreger  William Blair: Great, thanks. Tom, can you give us an update on where you think the broader orthodontic market is trending in terms of case start volumes?
Tom Prescott: We certainly arent the whole market. Were just a thin slice. Our sense is certainly in the second half of the year it was a tough place. Our orthodontists all reported softer volumes. It was a decent teen year summer, but I think adults kind of slipped away from everybody. So in general, we would target total segment growth in low single digits, us being able to take share has helped us fuel our growth. So we dont think its been healthy. We do, our customers do report increased patient traffic calendar is filling up with consult in a good way, nothing explosive in growth but solid progress. So we think that points us some improvement. In ortho total starts, and we think with that happening we can get more than our fair share.
John Kreger  William Blair: Great, thanks very much. I think the one topic maybe you didnt cover in your prepared remarks. Can you just give us an update on the IT front and then what we can expect out of the ITC trial that I think starts in a week or two?
Tom Prescott: Better than having me comment, we have Roger George here. Roger, if you can turn your microphone and just to give a brief commentary. Thank you.
Roger George: Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon everybody. As weve disclosed, the ITC trial begins next week in Washington DC. If you know much about that administrative law forum, it works differently than a typical federal court and so called Article III court under the U.S. Constitution. The administrative legal courts at the ITC have their own set of rules, live witness testimony is quite limited. Most testimony is submitted in writing for the courts consideration. So weve all submitted our briefs. Ours was about 600 pages long that staffing submitted its brief and naturally ClearCorrect submitted theirs because it contains whats called confidential business information; Im not even allowed to know much of what is in ClearCorrects brief, only our outside lawyers get to know. So the trial will happen over the course of about a week and the judge doesnt rule from the bench. He takes everything under advisement. There will be a period of time afterwards where if particular issues come up at the trial, each side will have a chance to provide some further briefing, but really there is going to be a dark quite period where were not going to know anything more from the ITC until about early May. And in early May, we may find out that they rule in our favor which will kick off another round of possibilities for appeal by ClearCorrect and acceleration of the chain to the ITC thats the commission itself. But thats what immediately is in front of us concerning that matter.
Tom Prescott: John that covers the waterfront for you there.
John Kreger  William Blair: It does. Thanks very much.
Tom Prescott: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Beuchaw  Morgan Stanley: Hi, good afternoon.
Tom Prescott: Hi, Steve.
Ken Arola: Hi, Steve.
Steve Beuchaw  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks for taking the questions everyone. Well, Ken, since you started the ball rolling down the 2013 path, I thought we should pickup the ball, because while you made a comment about case start growth and your confidence there. I think we can interpret your comment about the growth outlook for couple of different ways. I wonder I dont know if this is for Ken or for Tom, but given the comment that you think you get back to your normal growth trend. Just given what youre guiding for excluding that $4 million acceleration in the first quarter around Vivera. Is it just incredibly obvious statement to say youre guiding for pretty material acceleration over the balance of the year and is this another pretty strong double-digit year in the top line as youre thinking about it?
Tom Prescott: I think, Steve, I guess weve said what weve said along with the framework that Ken provided broad strokes, the Q1 guidance and more specific strokes. We felt that necessary to comment on our long-term financial model which both Ken and I did comment on in different ways. I think that stands for itself. We think this business can grow at that kind of level if this is a softer year for us in 2012 and we grew at 16% or so. I think most people would love the other problem. Ken, Ill let you pickup the rest of that question.
Ken Arola: Yes, I think again its dependent partly on the fact that want to make sure that patient flow is still there entirely in the office. So one of the things we made a comment on is, when we predicated on that that we see softness in the industry that that growth may not be that which we saw in the fourth quarter until we started exiting in here. So were very confident. We have the right strategic levers that were working on and have in place. Were going to be adding the sales force to drive additional growth in the business and upgrading our advertising campaigns again being on air mode to drive more patient interest. So were doing a lot of things to push consumers into the doctors offices this year as well as get after getting increased sales in Invisalign with a broader sales force and as long as patient flow is there, we think well continue to grow the business.
Steve Beuchaw  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thats very helpful. I will follow up, so. And Tom asked you, as you think about the way that the business trends over the course of the year. And we understand that around the end of 2012, it probably the real big issue that was pressuring patient starts was the macro uncertainty around the U.S., some of that might have been, lets say the fiscal-cliff, some of that might have been the election. What do you think are the two or three important levers that youre going to follow over the course of 2013 as you try to get a sense for what the patient flow looks like? Thanks so much guys.
Tom Prescott: Sure Steve. Well leave the high-end macroeconomic forecasting to folks like you. Thats hard enough to do. We try to see whats going on at a trend level and then try to understand how our customers are feeling in the office. And we know if we can keep our orthodontists customers in North America and Europe kind of an offense, with the right new products and interested and engaged and ensure they can get great results. And if we can keep and if the patient traffic is sufficient that GP offices that are more moderate users can feel comfortable to lead with the product like Invisalign then we know we can get more than our fair share. Those are the more secular trends we track closely, Steve.
Steve Beuchaw  Morgan Stanley: I appreciate that very much. Ken, all the best to you. Its been great working with you.
Ken Arola: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Dolan with Roth Capital Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: Hey guys, good afternoon and Ken congrats on the tenure there.
Ken Arola: Thank you.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: So I wanted to continue on your longer term commentary about shift over to the operating margin. Youre guiding to 16% or 14% op margin in the first quarter, which is lower than what weve seen in many recent quarters, (inaudible) growth dynamic that you might have touched in the previous question. Or is there some spend in the first quarter that isnt sustainable throughout year. Maybe just walk us through how that progression might take place.
Ken Arola: Sure, I guess I first make a comment on, if you think back to 2011 or 2012 even this year, we came in typically with the first quarter we have to step up and spending every year. So we start out the year usually in that kind of high teen range in operating margins and weve been able to grow at each quarter as we move to the year this year and be able to exit the year at 23% operating margins for the year, kind of approaching that low-end of the range on an annual basis. We are entering this year a little over base year as far as operating margin is concerned with the step up in spending that I was referring to. And that spending is going to be there for the year that might go up and down a little bit based on timing of activities and those types of things. Were really looking at driving top line revenue here and in getting the gross back into the top line with Invisalign sales getting leverage off of expanded sales force as well as lot of the chair-side apps like the Outcome Stimulator with the iTero scanner in driving more Invisalign volume. So were really focused on driving top line volume and maintaining on gross margins in that low to mid range of our long-term guidance and growing into the OpEx here.
Tom Prescott: Matt, if I can pile up for just a second. Nothing has changed in terms of our ability to kind of toggle spending, absolute spending up and down although in a given quarter it acts more fixed in general. We believe over the span of year with things improve, we can dial up things come and done a little bit, we can dial back as we proven in the past. Some of the investments were making around coverage and all that, we dont do those all the time and theyre always a little lumpy when we lay a man. Were in the mode right now of bringing more reps online in North America and that started actually in Q4. So for us weve gone through the cycle of analysis and believe thats both strategically and tactically a good choice and especially with our Q1 step typically step up in spending, it shows up a bit more. But again, just as were pretty comfortable and in general we can live with our long-term model and the top line or even through the investments weve been making. Were pretty comfortable as we at least exit the year; we can get back towards at least the low end of our long-term operating margin model as well.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: Okay. Thats helpful. And then the second question is more on the utilization side, it flattened out in the fourth quarter if anything and I know youd spoken about the summer being a little slow for adults on the ortho side. So can you give us some specifics on whats given you confidence that the volume growth youre expecting to see which is low double-digits in Q1 and then it sounds like improving through the year, which one of those utilization variables are specifically driving that trend? Thank you.
Tom Prescott: I guess maybe the clearest read is into the ortho practice. And ortho practices are a bit busier than they were. It was, they had very quite late summer, early fall, literally September October some orthodontists remarking that it was the softest theyd seen since the melt down of 2008. And they got to work and we got to work whether its  one customer asked me if it was tied to the election, because shortly after the election, traffic picked up in their office. And Ive seen, too hard to understand as Ive told the earlier caller, we dont  we read the macroeconomic forecasting, but we dont make it. We really watch patient traffic doctor behavior closely and on the ortho side, theyre engaged. Theyre more encouraged with Invisalign as a product and more comfortable theyre getting better results with it. Its easier to use and that bodes well for whatever thatll be. On the GP side, it is obviously more difficult to forecast. We have thousands of GP customers that do one or none cases on a given quarter and calling that as a forecast is probably our continuing biggest challenge, but with that said, we do multiple top down, bottom up, practice by practice forecast during each quarter and were getting better visibility in what theyre doing. If we have the traffic in the offices and we have our customers on offense were going to get case starts.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: Thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Matt. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs: Thanks for the questions. Yeah, I was just hoping you can guys help me reconcile a few items from a high level. Obviously it looks like youre calling for some very healthy case growth in 1Q and clearly ASPs were much better than what were looking for across the portfolio that is in 4Q. So I guess, just, whats driving if you could summarize for us, whats driving the lack of EPS growth in 1Q? Just trying to get better understanding of whats going on in the spending side and how we should be thinking about that throughout 2013?
Ken Arola: Yeah, this is Ken, Rob. I kind of refer you back to some of the comments that we just made on the call. So we have typically a step up in spending in Q1 sequentially related to compensation and benefit programs at the company here. That happens every year. This year, weve also had the, in the first quarter weve started recognizing expenses related to the medical device excise tax. And then we have the investments going on which weve been talking about on the sales force expansion on the consumer platform etc. So were going to see spending step up from about $76 million, $77 million in quarter four to about $83-ish million in quarter one. And those are the items that are driving the spending. When we get the headcount on board, and like Tom said, it takes about several quarters to get a sales person really at this speed in their new territories. So well start getting leverage out of those sales people as we move through the year. And as well as being on air more, with our consumer programs, we did a nice uptick in traffic to our website. When were on air, we see that pretty consistently and hopefully those turn into cases as well ultimately. Thats what driving the OpEx increase and like I said we think thats going to be relatively at that level if we take a little for the year. Given timing as a big events like AAO or ADA that occur in different quarters or maybe some of our own summits we put on for our doctors ourselves. As far as gross margin, we think thats going to be pretty consistent. Here weve got some little bit of headwind with some of the material cost coming in, but we think we can overcome that with the volumes in the business here. And from a manufacturing point of view, we actually should get less breakage on the line and better yield out of the line of material until its a little bit softer. So really gets back to top line growth and making sure we manage these expenses appropriately here. But were investing for some strategic purposes and adding in those types of resources as we mentioned.
Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs: Thats helpful. And then just if I could dig in on the team line and the pace of uptick there. Does seem like in the quarter the year-over-year growth seemed little bit light even after factoring in the 4Q seasonality and you talked positively about the express line and the expectations there. Can you maybe guys just could you share with us how the trended team has been relative to your internal expectations and how are you thinking about that penetration as we move forward?
Tom Prescott: I guess Ill jump in here, Bob. The general direction for us on teen has been very, very successful. We continue to see progress quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year and I think that if there is some market growth in the ortho segment, we get even more growth. If there is less or say even negative growth in ortho segment, we get  thats a bit of a moderating effect. But if you look, for example at our webcast slides, you see that spike in Q3 its a very consistent profile year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter with that same kind of pattern except to the amplitude its greater. So the second thing thats going on inside that that gives us confidence that we continue this direction is the types of cases were getting that are teen cases. In the earliest days, three years ago, four years ago, weve got just the simplest cases because mom and dad werent willing to kind of say, well, Ill do Invisalign if its good enough. Theyre going to get braces or Invisalign or whatever getting their teen straightened and they want perfect. So the more our doctors believe they can deliver perfect to the team, to mom and dad, the more theyre going to use our product. And so with G3, G4, SmartTrack with that we can actually score the complexity of an incoming case, we actually look at the complexity of incoming cases on teens, and that is the hardest share for us to take from traditional bracket through wires and yet we see that were getting harder and harder cases in. So that pertains well for our continued progress. Again doesnt happen overnight, but our goal is very gene sees and do better and better and get more and more than our fair share. So, again, good steady progress, even though the total amplitude I think was down, because I think thats kind of a dampening effect to the broader economy.
Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs: I appreciate all the comments.
Tom Prescott: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Tom, just two quick ones. I want to follow-up on the comments regarding gross margin in Q1. It kind of sounds like there are some type of inventory reserves thats going to be taken. Could you maybe elaborate a little bit on that? And then secondly, I wanted to also talk about the mix issue. If I look at sort of the Invisalign for this quarter, the case volumes grew only 4% which I think is a slowest quarter on record and it seems like the mix is clearly shifting towards the express categories and obviously teen grows, but teen also slowed as well. So Im kind of curious if I look at your guidance for 1Q, it kind of seems like youre guiding ASPs continuing to go down and Im wondering if that explained by the mix and is that see anything about the long-term trend or how we should be modeling margins over the longer term?
Tom Prescott: Ill tell you what well divide and conquer here, Glen. Ill take the broader kind of market mix directional question and Ill ask Ken to come in and talk about the reserve on as we transition materials. You pointed to two or different things at once and Ill see if I can then back them. First, we are trying to accelerate in a value-based area for Express 5, for i7, i14 in the UK and the few other countries in Europe and thats purposeful because we found small labs etc doing very simple cases and it was an opportunity for us to bring value at the basically the same price they were selling it for in far better results for our customers. So you should expect that to continue. The reason why it appeared to accelerate on a mixed basis had two drivers. One was that we are trying to push greater usage of say, Express 5 in North America with a promotion which did get some trial and repeat usage. At the same time, the denominator got smaller because it was a softer overall quarter on full on adult and everything else. So if we were maybe to adjust for the softness you can see a little bit of mix shift, but it wouldnt be as pronounced as maybe shows up here again, more of a softer market dynamic. The second thing is, that as we talked about it, a lot of volume came in late in the quarter that didnt necessarily were commenting on it because its important and it sets up the Q1 discussion. We generally dont comment in detail or quantitatively about receipts only to the extended points to our business flow and what Id say is that the business generally came back and as we look at Q1 there is a more normal balance, we would expect a more normal balance of adult starts and all that versus a very, very soft first half of Q4 meaning that mixed shift for express and those kinds of things were more pronounced. Ill stop there for a second on the mixed story and let Ken pickup on the inventory reserve for SmartTrack.
Ken Arola: Yeah, hi Glen. First of all, with a big transition like this going from one material to another are at the significant move for the company here. And as we anticipated that weve been planned for it, we wanted to make sure we had enough safety stock around of the current material that we have been using all to date. We plan to have 100% cut over to the new material when we turned it on, which is exactly what we did and we wanted to make sure that were recovering ourselves to make sure we had enough of the older material or current material around. In case we had a glitch for some reason, at the end of the day, the good thing is that everything has gone very, very smoothly, the transition of new material has gone really from a manufacturing perspective. So we knew we would have some inventory around. We werent sure exactly how much depending on what happens, but essentially were not going to use that old material. It has a shelf life of just a very short of period time about a quarters three to time. So well actually be writing that inventory off as we go through the quarter here.
Tom Prescott: You should consider that to be success because that was safety stock, using that inventory reserve that the transition to SmartTrack didnt go well. Not using it signaling the reserve is going to get charged in Q1 says the transition has gone very well.
Glen Santangelo  Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Feffer with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Feffer  Cantor Fitzgerald: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Most of my things have been answered, just wanted to come back quickly on guidance for 1Q. You mentioned that currency was positive in 4Q, so can we expect or at least as implied in your guidance you dont really see any future FX headwinds in 1Q?
Tom Prescott: Well Jeremy I guess it depends where it goes, I mean we have our views of it. As we know today, its running a little bit higher in euro to the dollar than it was a month or two ago. So we take views of that into account as we develop our guidance but well have to see obviously that for the quarter.
Jeremy Feffer  Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. And then just following up on that. So then the conclusion into draw from the expected revenue growth to be slower than the expected volume growth thats purely case of mix and also an improvement in utilization driving higher Advantage rebate usage? Is that correct or?
Tom Prescott: So what I would suggest you do as you look at the volume growth from Q4 to Q1, roughly 5% to 7.5% in our guidance. And if you look at the revenue growth and if you exclude the case refinement adjustments that we made in quarter four here and based on the revenue that would get you $137 million, $138 million adjusted and take that against the guidance we gave for revenue that tracks back to about 6% to 9% growth in revenue roughly.
Jeremy Feffer  Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay.
Tom Prescott: And that includes the Vivera as well.
Jeremy Feffer  Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. Thats very helpful. Thank you very much.
Tom Prescott: Sure. Thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard  Jefferies: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Ken, how does the deferred revenue benefit in the fourth quarter breakdown between North America orthos and GPs and then versus international and then any color you can give us by product line would be helpful.
Ken Arola: Well it goes across pretty much all of our products based on the volume of products that weve been shipping over the past several years here. We actually dont really disclose that on our product line basis. I can tell you from a geographic perspective the majority of the adjustment for case refinement is related to North America shipments given the volumes weve had in North America over the past several years here compared to international. So does that help a little bit?
Brandon Couillard  Jefferies: Yeah, yeah. And then could you give us an update on the Cadent facility transition, I believe that should be complete by now. And then do you still expect is this rational, but to assume $4 million of annualized savings at crew in 13 from that move?
Tom Prescott: So, weve completed the transition actually last year at the end of the year here. And coming into this year, we have a pretty much all into the new facility down in whereas. As far as the $4 million statements goes, in cost of goods sold, because of the move, yes we have seen the savings there, but I will tell you weve also had to deploy other resources against the business which offset that $4 million in savings in relations to the iTero issues we had several quarters that presses forward in technical support. So technically weve seen the savings with the move through facilities cost savings as well as overhead and labor costs, but again weve deployed some of that against other activities in the company.
Ken Arola: Weve spent it back on other activities, some of it, none of it.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Brandon. Do you have another question?
Brandon Couillard  Jefferies: Just one more, quick one, is that all right?
Shirley Stacy: Yeah.
Brandon Couillard  Jefferies: Any chance you could just quantify exactly how many Invisalign sales reps you ended 12 with? And then how many headcounts you expect to add in 13 and will these be focused on Invisalign or the scanner side of the business?
Tom Prescott: Were going to finalize that. I will take a look at that just before we file here I guess because we get a forecast from the each field as theyre making offers and bringing people and we actually want to make sure theyre on board. Ill tell you we probably had a dozen or already start with just as the year ended. So I dont know, Ken did you size it in more detail for North America?
Ken Arola: No, we did not.
Tom Prescott: So I think Ill pull up short of that but its a meaningful addition and then obviously when we feather in the support team and the sales team in APAC as well as some incremental coverage in Europe its a Europe significant expansion in our go-to-market site. So we wanted to talk about it in those terms and again I guess by the time file will rustle down absolute numbers in terms of you can see growth over last quarter.
Brandon Couillard  Jefferies: All righty, thank you.
Tom Prescott: Sure.
Shirley Stacy: Question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Spencer Nam with Janney Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Spencer Nam  Janney Capital: Thanks for taking my questions and Ken were going to miss you. Good luck to you going forward. Just quick question on the amortization of intangibles. What kind of impact you will have now that you guys not going to be taking out of the non-GAAP numbers? Whats the estimated impact for 2013 on that?
Ken Arola: The amortization of intangibles is $1 million a quarter. Weve been consistently showing that between GAAP and non-GAAP this past year, but given the fact that those charges will continue for 10 to 13 years depending on the intangible, at least thought there was more appropriate to included in the non-GAAP at this point in time, so about $4 million a year.
Spencer Nam  Janney Capital: Okay, great helpful. And then on China, Tom, maybe you could comment on this. So youre going to start seeing some numbers from China. My understanding was that you guys had been really kind of building the pack of data if you will with samples and thought leaders. Im curious how those sort of overview work, what kind of results you guys have gotten. How confident you guys are that the experience that you guys have put together so far is going to effect the adoption here?
Tom Prescott: Couple of multipart question, Ill try and give a simple answer and that answer would be, our goal is then to take the top most respected orthodontists and dentists in China have them get actual experience with the product which is why, it was essential we had G3, G4 and these other innovations in their hands when they started. Have them complete lots of cases and then be able to, with us work on developing training for all their colleagues across China in the major cities and even second tier cities. And thats happening. We now have with some of the forums I talked about recently, we have these Chinese doctors showing finished cases for very, very complex year-and-a-half, 18 month, 24 month cases, extraction cases and very complex class II and class III even some surgical cases.  And so with them showing their own results with the Invisalign product it is fairly dramatic statement. Again were trying to build the right foundation and moving slowly and still have a pretty small business. I think we identified in our annual report last year it just how small it was in total, but I think it has the potential still to be very large and thats why were going slowly and ensuring we have the support of the most respected clinical leaders in the country which is what were about.
Spencer Nam  Janney Capital: Thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Spencer. Question please.
Operator: Of course. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Block with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Block  Stifel Nicolaus: Thank guys for fitting me in. maybe one long question and one short one. And the first one, Ill apologize in event of the bluntness, but you preannounce at the low end of your 4Q and you actually end up doing the high-end even exiting out the deferred. And when I look at your 1Q guidance guys and the commentary around GP is being flat, international being flat to down slightly. What it implies is about 20% sequential growth on case volumes in the ortho channel. If I go back over the past four years, you only to that metric one time and it was right after the launch of G3. So if you can talk your conviction or how comfortably you are with that 1Q guidance and I know there was a response in that Toms question a little bit earlier, but what are you seeing in the ortho channel to give you such a high level conviction that you can see that type of sequential move in that particular channel? Thanks.
Tom Prescott: Sure, no apologize needed for a blunt question. As we commented in general about our standing guidance on December 5th with awake of a few executive departures, we felt it was important if we saw that softness to comment on us, no more no less. Literally the month of December turned on its head literally shortly after that call and we were very busy, very busy along with the offices remainder of the month. So again it goes back to forecasting, I dont know what that is, but were happy to Ken, were happy that tight came in a bit. So what gives us confidence? We see pretty good visibility into all of our high volume practices, the intentions to build their practice, someone happiness on their part. They maybe didnt get to the level they expected in the Advantage program. Detailed plans in place to market their practice, build on Invisalign, a lot of excitement about SmartTrack and then we feather that in with think we can drive a little progress in GP and again a harder channel to move quickly. And then what I will call normal internal where they take, in our eyes at least, extended holiday breaks and youre driven really by number of days worked. So with all that said, again, were still being thoughtful about broader economic environment. We feel reasonably comfortable that we can continue to build on the volume we saw that jumped really and like the second week in December. So thats how were calling it. No more, no less.
Jonathan Block  Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah. Very fair, I appreciate it. I guess it just seems a little less conservative over the past couple of years. On the second question, when I look at and I hate to burn the question on Cadent, but when I look at Cadent and I look at the sort of the service revenues not the scanner with the service, thats come down sequentially four quarters in a row. And so I guess the scanner sales are someone hanging in there especially considering Europe, but the services about using the machine once its in there, the recurring revenue should grow with the growing installed base and were seeing the exact opposite. So can you speak to, are these things being used, or are they being used effectively or why is that number coming down sequentially? Thank you.
Tom Prescott: Im deeply hurt that youre saying you burned the question on Cadent here, Jon. So were glad you asked a question about Cadent. The fact is North America is working very well. We predicted internally that services would go down principally because we decided to get out of the bracket positioning business they had called IQ and there were several hundred high volume mostly ortho that use that service a lot. We just didnt feel we can scale it as we thought about the pieces of that business moving into what as, we would had to significantly reinvest in it. So we had a very thoughtful discussion with again hundreds of customers that really liked it and have a glide ramp down. They are turning off the usage of that product thats directly related to that service stream. If we then compare those side, if you looked at Invisalign case submission and the other things theyre using in for both on GPs, you would see services growing very nicely, that isnt visible the level we disclosed at this point, but the principle issue driving that service volume or service revenue down is because of a concentrated base of customers with a product were no longer supporting and thats started really in the summer time and Id say early Q3 that that trend you probably would not have seen as early as we did, but now that thats what showing up, so over time thatll get fixed. The second part of that question is, were kicking butt in North America in terms of placing scanners and customers are thrilled with them. The new scanners coming out, it is exciting, its faster, its better, all the stuff. So were actually winning in North America, notwithstanding gross margins which we have plans to fix very significantly. In Europe, were not trying because we dont have a better plan right now and I guess stepping back if you just see year-over-year flat, that really obscures the progress weve made in North America and the progress that bring that and making sure the business is profitable in its own right. So with that, were actually pretty excited about this business and its longer term prospects, but Ill grant you the visible part youve got doesnt look as good as it should.
Jonathan Block  Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks guys.
Tom Prescott: Sure Jon.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Jon. Operator, well take one last question please.
Operator: Certainly. Our last question comes from the line of Jeffery Matthews with Ram Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Matthews  Ram Partners: Hi, great thanks. Can you hear me?
Tom Prescott: Yes, Jeff we can. How are you?
Jeff Matthews  Ram Partners: Great, good how are you?
Tom Prescott: Okay.
Jeff Matthews  Ram Partners: And Ken, good luck, congratulations.
Ken Arola: Great, thank you.
Jeff Matthews  Ram Partners: Two questions, one is, does the change in recognition of the deferred revenue. Does that have anything to do with better outcomes that the authors are seeing a change in the pattern of usage or is it simply outdated reserving methodology? And number two, you sound like you really have a lot of marketing pushes coming and Im wondering if thats seasonal or if thats a reflection of your new teen. Thanks.
Ken Arola: Okay. Ill take your first question on the case reserve planning and then Tom can comment on the marketing. Really what it is just looking at a more detailed analysis and more in-depth at the actual usage that weve seen over the past several years of case refinement and looking at the estimates we were using in relation to accruing for that case refinement. In going back and updating is very simply we were estimating too high on the usage of case refinement. With that said, I will say case refinement usage has been going up over the past several years, but we think also with the new technology in G3 and G4 and we havent probably had enough experience in the field yet because if you think a doctor has to get the patient as to complete the case, might take year, year-and-a-half and they have up to six months of used case refinements beyond that. So as we get out to year or two I think youll probably start seeing some benefit of that in relation to case refinements, we probably havent seen any material way to date.
Jeff Matthews  Ram Partners: Got it. Thanks.
Tom Prescott: Great. Jeff, Ill take the other part of it. And maybe the first framework is, we arent spending dramatically more money and I should not say dramatically at all in the sense it just were spending incrementally more, were doing better in a more integrated way. It was, for us, we felt it was a time for a good investment in a new consumer platform thats going to give us an opportunity to build on that both with traditional media, GP radio as well as a lot of other sites. So in addition, were working in a much more organized way now that we have what Ill call maturing channel coverage in at least five countries in Europe. And to a much smaller scale, wont be doing 30 or 60 seconds spots itll be, what I will call, bump ads or whatever, little small elements, but its all about raising the awareness of Invisalign especially in markets where orthodontic treatment is not broadly used for among kids, adults, etc. So again reasonably small dollars in Europe, but what Id say kind of common dollars with the investments weve made in building out the business and improving the product and making sure the distribution team is in place to take advantage of that demand creation. North America, all in were going to spend a bit more but were going to do it more effectively.
Jeff Matthews  Ram Partners: Okay. And youre obviously seeing a great potential for return on this.
Tom Prescott: We actually measure in many, many different ways and then we also survey our customers in one of the things they say consistently is, we are one of the best practice building partners in dentistry orthodontics and patients come and asking for Invisalign by name that has an outsize impact on, if we, the patients comes in and asks for Invisalign by name, and the doctor has confidence they can deliver the results they need, weve got a very good shot at getting that case start and thats our game plan.
Jeff Matthews  Ram Partners: Got it. Thanks very much.
Shirley Stacy: All right. Well thank you every one for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. We look forward to seeing you at our upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings. If you have any further questions please follow up with Investor Relations. Good bye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate and Investor Communications Tom Prescott - President and CEO Ken Arola - VP and CFO 
Analysts:  Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Jeremy Feffer - Cantor Fitzgerald John Kreger - William Blair  
Operator: Welcome to the Align Technology Q3 2012 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce, Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Communications. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and Ken Arola, Vice President and CFO. We issued preliminary third quarter financial results press release today on Marketwire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5.30 pm Eastern Time through 5.30 pm Eastern Time on October 25. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 400990 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements about Align's future product, product outlook and the expected financial results for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other results are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Please also note that on this conference call we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and the reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures, where practical, are contained in today's financial results press release, which we have posted on our website at investor.aligntech.com under financial releases, and have been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. In addition the possibility of an impairment charge which could result in a substantial reduction against goodwill and a commensurate charge against earnings could have a material adverse impact on the companys preliminary results. We have posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our third quarter conference call slides on our website at investor.aligntech.com under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Techologys President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Tom Prescott: Thanks Shirley. Good afternoon everyone. On the call today, Ill provide an overview of preliminary third quarter results and discuss the performance of our two operating segments Invisalign clear aligners and scanner and CAD/CAM services. As Shirley discussed these results are preliminary based on the outcomes of our goodwill impairment analysis which is currently incomplete. Ken will cover these circumstances and a discussion of our preliminary Q3 financial results as well as outlook for Q4 in more detail. Ill come back with a few closing comment and open up the call to questions. Q3 revenue of 136.5 million increased 8.4% year-over-year and yet decreased 6.3% sequentially. Despite a strong summer season for Invisalign teenager cases, which increased 21% sequentially and year-over-year, our third quarter revenue was slightly lower than our outlook. Q3 is historically a slower period for North American GP dentists who have fewer days in office due to vacations as well as for International doctors who typically take extended summer holidays, especially in southern Europe. This year summer seasonality was more pronounced in North America and as a result, we did not see the expected ramp in Invisalign cases for GPs and Orthodontists. This softness has continued through October and is reflected in our Q4 guidance, which despite that slowdown, still projects a healthy annual growth rate for the company overall, with volume growth of at least 16%. Were taking a complete look at our results, including demand for our products and analyzing the industry and the markets in which we operate. We are evaluating a lot of data, much of which is conflicting, and none of which supports a fundamental decrease in demand for Invisalign. On the one hand, data such as the surprisingly strong, recent consumer sentiment ratings, as well as the uptick in visitors to Invisalign.com, and Find A Doctor searches point to continued strong consumer interest. On the other hand, additional insight from our customers regarding Invisalign in their practices indicate that more adult patients were delaying or pushing out acceptance of their ClinCheck treatment plans this summer and early fall, possibly due to concerns about the economy. Several recent analyst reports based on AFG Research suggest that conditions within the dental space during the calendar third quarter were slightly less desirable than in the second quarter and AFG reports developed for Align corroborates these trends. Several weeks ago in an analyst meeting Patterson Dental discussed the slowdown for dental consumables. Beyond all of the survey work done, there remains a dichotomy between the tougher economic realities for the broader economy and the actual case starts we had in Q3, when compared to the optimistic views on Invisalign sounded by both consumers and doctors. For Q3 total Invisalign case volume was 92,500 an increase of 17% year-over-year driven by growth across all customer channels. This was especially the case for North American orthodontist and international doctors which both increased about 20% from the same quarter last year. On a sequential basis, Q3 Invisalign case volume decreased 3% primarily due to North American GPs which declined 7%.  For North America orthodontists Q3 case volume of 35,900 cases increased 19% year-over-year driven primarily from growth across nearly all Invisalign products especially Invisalign Teen. Q3 volume increased 1% from Q2 reflecting lower Invisalign Full cases offset by the growth from Invisalign Teen cases which increased 34% sequentially among North American Orthos. The Invisalign Teen product is primarily targeted at younger teens 11 to 15 years old and has specific features such as compliance indicators and (inaudible) to address the needs of these younger patients. For Q3 total Invisalign Teen case shipments were 15,300 cases worldwide an increase of 30% year-over-year and 29% sequentially a positive indication of continued progress.  As expected, both Orthos and some GPs took advantage of the Invisalign Teen/Vivera Retainer promotion we ran this quarter in North America, which includes a free Vivera Retainer subscription for every Invisalign Teen case a customer buys. Just as a reminder the objective of this promotion is to drive penetration Invisalign in the teenage orthodontic segment during the summer season and generate broader trial and use of Vivera Retainer.  During Q3 last year, when we first offered the Teen/Vivera promotion we saw a strong uptick in Invisalign Teen cases and this year we saw a similar uptick. Over the past 12 months, the doctors who participated in the promotion have subsequently grown their Invisalign Teen and Vivera case volume faster than doctors who did not participate. In addition to reporting our results for the Invisalign Teen product we also tracked the total number of teenagers using any Invisalign product which is a more complete view of our penetration in this very important segment of the orthodontic market. During Q3 a total of 24,500 teenager worldwide started treating with Invisalign, this is an increase of 21% sequentially and year-over-year and demonstrates our continued progress and share gain among teen to 11 and 19 years old worldwide.  For North American GP dentist Q3 case volume of 34,700 cases increased 12% year-over-year driven by growth across all Invisalign especially Invisalign Express. On a sequential basis, Q3 GP volume decreased 7% from Q2 due to lower Invisalign Full and Assist cases. We believe softness in higher end adult procedures like full mouth restorations, veneers, and Invisalign may have played a part. For our customers outside of North America, Invisalign volume of 21,900 increased 21% year-over-year the fourth consecutive quarter of 20% plus year-over-year growth for international. This growth was driven primarily by an increase from Invisalign distributors, especially the Asia-Pacific region, as well as from nearly all European countries that we covered directly. As expected, Invisalign case volume outside North America was down slightly around 3% sequentially, reflecting summer seasonality primarily in southern Europe. In our direct geographies Q3 year-over-year growth in core Europe was led by the UK and CEU comprised of Germany, Switzerland and Austria. Italy volumes were down compared to last year and while the signs of economic distress and austerity measures are obvious, we also had an execution miss. We have new country leadership in place and expect to find our way back to a growth posture much like what we did in the U.K. two years ago. And in Asia, Q3 Invisalign case starts in China continued to ramp while Japan continues on its growth track. We see strong business growth in China, which we believe is being driven by our strategy of working with Key Opinion Leaders, going deep with top orthodontists in core cities. We had a strong presence at the annual Chinese Orthodontic Meeting held at Peking University in September where we saw the first wave of Chinese KOLs our orthodontists customers speaking about Invisalign in a scientific sessions presenting Invisalign, the technology, finished and cases in progress. This represents a major step forward as we now have domestic, in-country Chinese KOLs carrying the message, promoting Invisalign. We will continue to execute on our core strategy, which is working; combined with ongoing tests to best understand the local levers of accelerating volume here in China. We remain very bullish on the long-term potential for this country. In Q4 we will expand our focus on clinical education we will be hosting over 20 leading Chinese doctors at the North Asia Invisalign form in Macau which will bring the other top clinicians worldwide to discuss treatment of very complex cases. And in November a handful of Chinese doctors will also attend our Ortho Summit in Las Vegas.  Q3 was another great quarter for our Invisalign distribution partners in the APAC, EMEA, and Latin America regions. Year-over-year as well as sequential growth was driven by continued strength in the APAC region, especially Australia and Hong Kong. As a result of our continued success in the APAC region and with the upcoming expiration of the distribution agreement with our partner there, we have decided to revert Asia Pacific into a direct sales region beginning May 1, 2013. We will be taking back the APAC organization as well as its entire team and operating expense structure. We will step up investments in the form of increased OPEX during the fourth and first quarters in order to ensure a seamless transition for our customers. In the near-term, this increased operating expense committed towards continued APAC growth and organizational continuity will create a little more operating margin pressure. After May 1st next year, we will begin to recognize direct sales at our full ASP, rather than the significantly discounted ASP under the distribution agreement, and will thereby quickly gain revenue and contribution margin leverage. The overall economic costs of this reversion have less than a one year payback for us. On a year-over-year basis, we saw continued adoption across our customer base in Q3 led primarily by North American doctors which is reflected in our key Invisalign metrics of utilization and new customer training.  The year-over-year Ortho volume growth was driven by both an increase in Invisalign utilization as well as an increase in the number of new Ortho submitters. The year-over-year, GP volume growth is driven primarily by an increase in newly trained GP submitters. Sequentially, Q3 utilization rates remain flat among North American Orthos and international doctors while North American GPs actually decreased due to lower case volumes and fewer submitters.  Among our North American GP base, we saw a decrease in Invisalign case starts across all customer tiers in particular our mid to high volume GPs. As expected we trained fewer doctors in Q3 as we typically hold fewer CE1 training events during the summer timeframe. Moving onto product innovation. Im excited to be talking about one of the most important innovations in Invisalign Orthodontics our SmartTrack aligner material. Over the past five years working with world class partners, we have evaluated literally thousands of polymers and a variety of other materials. And our goal was to optimize conformance and comfort for the patient with the ability to consistently deliver planned forces over an extended period of time and to ensure greater predictability for even a most complex cases.  Today we introduced a remarkable material for the world of clear aligner treatment we call SmartTrack. SmartTrack is a novel highly elastic new aligner material that delivers general, more constant force to improve the control of tooth movements with Invisalign clear aligner treatment. SmartTrack represents not just an improving in aligner material, it's a significant improvement in Invisalign system and how we leverage forced systems for more predictable tooth movement.  We have specifically engineered a flexible material to more precisely conforms to tooth morphology, attachments and interproximal spaces to improve control of tooth movement across treatment. We initiated a large scale pilot with over thousand customers in May and the analysis of patients treated with aligners shows statistically significant improvement in control of tooth movements, especially for the most difficult such as rotations and extrusions. According to Dr. Clark Colville, an orthodontist in Seguin, Texas and member of our Clinical Advisory Board, The clinical results with SmartTrack have been excellent so far. The fit around the teeth from aligner to aligner is better than with any group of patients I have previously treated with Invisalign in my practice. Without a doubt, SmartTrack is the most exciting change in Invisalign technology among the many that have been introduced in recent years. And for Dr. Werner Schupp, an orthodontist practicing in Kln, Germany said, Im very pleased with the new SmartTrack aligner material. The aligners fit better and are much more comfortable for our patients, and the tooth movement is more precise in all directions.  The feedback to-date from our pilot doctors has been very positive and we cant wait for all of our customers and our patients to experience these revolutionary changes themselves.  In Q1, 2013, SmartTrack will become the standard Invisalign aligner material for Invisalign clear aligners in North America and Europe as well as in other international markets where regulatory approval has been obtained. In the meantime we have begun previewing SmartTrack material on our customer portal aligntechinstitute.com. In addition, we will showcase SmartTrack at our upcoming Ortho Summit in November and in January we will host the extra webinar in advance of the worldwide launch of SmartTrack.  As per our integrated consumer marketing platform, activity in our consumer website is a good measure of progress in this front where a perspective patients can get more information taken interactive smile assessment based on their own goals for treatment and search for Invisalign providers in their area.  During Q3, we passed a big milestone and ended the quarter with more than 4.2 million visitors to Invisalign.com to date this year, a nice increase from the same period in 2011. In addition, web site leads are up and Find a Doctor searches are up from the same time last year We also continue to see increasing traffic from mobile device users, with visitors to the Invisalign.com mobile site, now making up around a quarter of our total traffic when our ads are on TV. All of these metrics tell us that prospective patients remain interested in learning more about Invisalign and for connecting with providers in their local area when they are ready to seriously continue treatment.  Website traffic like many of our consumer metrics is positively influenced by our on-air TV presence. In early Q3 we continued leveraging the peak teen season by running our Twins TV spots to reach moms and teens. This year we were off air for three weeks in July to avoid competition with the Olympics. However, we supplemented our TV presence during those important final summer months with radio, digital, and traditional PR and event marketing, including our second year sponsoring Radio Disneys Next Big Thing Tour, which includes elements of all of those marketing channels, including a lot of Disney radio and TV placements.  Moving now to our scanner and CAD/CAM services segment, Q3 revenue was 9.8 million compared to 11.9 million in Q2 and 11.6 million in Q3 last year and it reflects summer seasonality. In addition, there were no major industry or Invisalign customer events that would give us additional selling opportunities like the AAO meeting in May 2012 and the GP Summit in July 2011. These major tradeshows and customer events like Invisalign Summits provide a unique opportunity to present iTero scanners and close orders. The announcement we made regarding our Straumann distribution agreement (inaudible). Since acquiring Cadent 18 months ago, we have been committed to enabling a digital shift within restorative dentistry, with the iTero scanner as the center of our strategy. We have worked with Straumann over the past few years to establish a sales, services, and support model for the iTero scanner that would benefit both our companies. The global market for restorative dentistry is far more fragmented and complex than orthodontics with hundreds of thousands of labs, suppliers, general dentists, and specialists. In Europe, adoption of digital restorative technology has been further slowed due to challenging economic conditions and reluctance to invest in capital equipment. Despite our efforts, our collaboration for distributing iTero scanners is not meeting our strategic or financial expectations. As a result, Align has decided to market iTero on a more limited basis directly in Europe focusing on our existing Invisalign customers and pursue global scanner potential on a more opportunistic basis. We will continue our direct sales of iTero scanners in North America where digital dentistry is evolving more rapidly. Over the past year, weve invested in our scanner business in North America by doubling the number of direct sales representatives and in-office trainers, through ongoing improvements in scanner service and support, and through a robust product and applications development pipeline. Weve demonstrated this business model can work and we are confident we have the best performing scanner in the market. Both Align and Straumann are committed to ensuring a continued high level of service and support for our existing iTero customers in Europe and North America. Straumann will continue to offer first-level equipment support in Europe for at least the next 12 months, after which full responsibility for regional customer service will transfer to Align. We are currently working together on plans for a smooth transition and will communicate details to customers as soon as they are finalized. I will now turn the call over to Ken for a review of our Q3 financial results. Ken.
Ken Arola: Thanks Tom. Before we get in the preliminary results for the quarter, I will begin by discussing the status of our goodwill impairment testing.  The discontinuation of Aligns distribution relationship with Straumann in Europe and North America and the decline in results of operations of the Companys Scanner and CAD/CAM Services reporting unit triggered the risk that the goodwill associated with the acquisition of Cadent might be impaired. As a result, we are currently conducting a step one test as of September 30, 2012, to assess whether goodwill, which had a carrying value of $135.3 million as of September 30, 2012, is impaired. We expect to complete the step one impairment test prior to filing our Form 10-Q for the third quarter of 2012. If the results of our step one analysis indicates an impairment, we will conduct a step two evaluation to determine the amount of the non-cash impairment charge, if any. If step two cannot be completed prior to filing our Form 10-Q for the third quarter, we may estimate a range of potential impairment and may record an estimated non-cash charge in the third quarter of 2012. Any difference between an estimate and the final step two evaluation would be recorded in the fourth quarter 2012. Any difference between an estimate and the final step to evaluation will be recorded in the fourth quarter of 2012.  Before I move on to the third quarter financial results, I like to remind everybody that there are several items we exclude from a GAAP results when we report non-GAAP results. These include acquisition and integration related cost, amortization of intangible assets, and severance and benefits cost for the New Jersey consolidations. In my comments today, I will not review the total dollars excluded for non-GAAP gross margin, operating expenses and operating margin and instead we will refer to the press release tables reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial metrics and the business outlook summary for a complete reconciliation.  Now lets review our preliminary third quarter financial results which do not include the impact of any potential goodwill impairment. Q3 net revenue was a total of $136.5 million which consisted of Invisalign revenue of 126.7 million and scanners and CAD/CAM services revenue of 9.8 million. This is a sequential decrease of 6.3% from 145.6 million in quarter two 2012 and a year-over-year increase of 8.4% from 125.9 million in Q3 2011.  Q3 Invisalign revenue of 126.7 million decreased 5.2% compared to Q2 revenue of 133.7 million and increased 10.9% compares to Q3 2011 revenue of 114.3 million. The sequential decrease in Q3 revenue was driven by lower case volume primarily across our North America GP and international doctors as well as some slightly lower Invisalign ASPs. Invisalign ASPs were lower as expected compared to last quarter due to deferrals associated with the Invisalign Teen Vivera Retainer promotion and headwinds from foreign exchange rates. On the year-over-year basis, Q3 Invisalign revenue growth was driven by volume increases offset somewhat by foreign exchange rates.  Q3 scanner and CAD/CAM services revenue was $9.8 million which is a sequential decrease of 18.3% from 11.9 million in Q2 2012 and a year-over-year decrease of 15.9% from 11.6 million in Q3 2011.  The scanner volumes were down as expected as there were no major industry or company sponsored (inaudible) in which to leverage scanner selling opportunities as compared to Q2 where we have the AAO show and several customer forums. Q3 CAD/CAM services were flat in North America as compared to the prior quarter and international (inaudible).  Now moving onto gross margin and operating expenses. Q3 GAAP gross margin was $100.4 million or 73.5% this compares to 108.8 million or 74.7% in quarter two and 92.4 million or 73.4% from the same quarter last year.  Q3 GAAP gross margin for Invisalign was 77.6% and scanner and CAD/CAM services was 20.6%. This compares to 79% and 26.6% respectively in quarter two. Non-GAAP gross margin for Q3 was 100.7 million or 73.7%, and this compares to 109.2 million or 75% in quarter two and 93 million or 73.9% in the same quarter last year. For Invisalign there was no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for Q3 or Q2 of 2012 and Q3 of 2011. The sequential decrease in non-GAAP gross margin primarily reflects lower Invisalign case volume which result in under absorption of manufacturing cost and the impact from lower ASPs. For scanner and CAD/CAM services, Q3 non-GAAP gross margin was 23.8% compared to 30.3% last quarter. The decrease in non-GAAP gross margin reflects lower production volumes instead of under absorption of manufacturing spend coupled with excess training capacities during the seasonally slower summer quarter.  Q3 GAAP operating expense was 71.2 million compared to Q2 of 72.8 million and 66.1 million from the same quarter of last year. Q3 non-GAAP operating expense was 70 million and this compares to 71.6 million in quarter two and 53.8 million in the same quarter of last year. The decrease in Q3 non-GAAP operating expense in primarily due to lower media spending as we went out there during the Olympics as well as fewer industry and customer events being held in quarter three.  Q3 GAAP operating income was 29.2 million or 21.4%, this compares to 36 million or 24.7% in quarter two and 26 million or 20.9% in the same quarter a year ago. Q3 non-GAAP operating income was 30.6 million or 22.4%, this compares to 37.6 million or 25.8% in quarter two and 29.2 million or 23.2% in the same quarter of last year.  Q3 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.29 compared to $0.34 in quarter two and $0.24 in the same quarter of last year. And Q3 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.28 compares to $0.34 in quarter two and $0.27 in Q3 of last year.  Now moving onto the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities including long-term investments were $348.9 million, this compares to 248.1 million at the end of 2011. In Q3, we generated roughly 40.3 million in cash from operations compares to 27.3 million in quarter two and 41.5 million in the same quarter of last year.  DSO for the quarter was 70 days compared to 63 days in quarter two and 62 days in the same quarter last year. The increase in DSO this quarter primarily reflect less shipment linearity in the quarter and a slightly slowing of customer payments in September. Overall, our aging remains in solid shape and Id expect DSO to trend downward in Q4. Under our stock repurchase program, we bought approximately 213,000 shares of our common stock in Q3 at an average price of $34.15 per share for a total of approximately 7.3 million. There remains 132.5 million available under the companys existing stock repurchase authorization.  Now lets turn to our business outlook for Q4 2012 and the factors that inform our view.  First, we experienced greater than expected summer seasonality in North America, from both GP dentists and Orthodontists. This softness has persisted into October which resulted in lower case receipts from which Q4 shipments are generated. However, busy sales force activity and patient traffic in October points to renewed growth for the Invisalign business. Second, Q4 is historically a stronger quarter for international doctors as they come back from summer vacations and we would expect that to be the case this year as well. Third, Q4 is historically the heaviest buying period for capital equipment purchasers in North America. In order to make the most of this year-end buying cycle, we are offering a promotion of $4,000 off an iTero scanner in Q4. There are also two major events we will be leveraging in Q4, the ADA meeting going on in San Francisco this week and our Invisalign Ortho Summit in November. As a result of these sales and promotional activities, we expect North American scanner sales to increase nicely from Q3. For International, we do not expect any contribution due to the termination of the iTero distribution agreements with Straumann announced today. And lastly, given the slowdown we have seen recently, we are more cautious about consumer behavior in the near term and their willingness to move forward with higher value procedures like Invisalign. With that as a backdrop, we anticipate Invisalign case volume to be in a range of 90 to 93,000 cases.  We expect Q4 total revenues to be in the range of 134.2 to 137.8 million. Overall, we expect our revenue outlook to have slight impact from Invisalign ASPs resulting from rebates and product mix offset by not running the team of promotion in quarter four. We will be running a new promotion in quarter four for Invisalign Express 5 which offers doctors $200 off the list price and is intended to drive higher trial and repeat use. Q4 revenues also reflects lower iTero scanner ASPs due to the year-end iTero scanner promotions I just mentioned.  Now lets move onto gross margin. We expect Q4 GAAP gross margin to be in the range of 71.7 to 72.1%, and we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be in the range of 71.9 to 72.3%. The sequential decrease in non-GAAP gross margin primarily reflect expected increases in freight cost related to international shipment and an increase in training cost as we plan to train more doctors in quarter four and to a lesser extent ASPs. In Q4 we expect GAAP operating expenses to be in the range of 73.6 million to 74.9 million. We expect Q4 non-GAAP operating expense to be in the range of 72.6 to 73.9 million.  We expect the sequential increase in non-GAAP operating expense relates to a greater number of customer events like the ADA meeting, the Greater New York Dental Show and our Ortho Summit. Additionally, we will be increasing our investment for Asia-Pac to ensure a smooth transition back to address sales regions.  We expect Q4 GAAP operating margin to be in a range of 16.9 to 17.7% and GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.21 to $0.23 excluding any impact from potential impairment charges. We expect Q4 non-GAAP operating margin to be in the range of 17.8 to 18.7% and non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.21 to $0.23. In Q4 we expect GAAP to GAAP effective tax rates to be approximately 21% and the non-GAAP effective tax rate to be approximately 24%. We expect diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 84.5 million and cash on hand to be in the range of 385 to 395 million.  With that I will now turn the call back to Tom for some closing comments.
Tom Prescott: Thanks Ken. In summary, the team here at Align is as excited about the future as I have ever seen them and it's easier for me to understand why. Thats over thousand enthusiastic customer participating in a large commercialization pilot, if you are hearing the SmartTrack is the biggest innovation in Invisalign technology ever and when combined with the G3 and G4 steps which perceive them enables treatment of far more complex cases with greater patient comfort.  We are in the process of bringing our APAC distribution back in-house, gaining greater confidence and our ability to drive the business in our fastest growing geographies in the world. Where we staging growth in Europe even in regions like the UK where austerity programs and slow-to-zero growth at the norm. We continue to do well with our scanner business in North America where our direct sales model is successfully leveraging our Invisalign resources. In China, we continue to see strong Invisalign growth and remain bullish on its long-term potential. And around the world, we continue to gain share in the important teenager market.  We are not satisfied with recent quarter or Q4 guidance. We yet know they describe the business growing volume over 16% annually with huge head remaining for expansion. We intend to continue on with good execution of our important strategic initiatives and have the confidence we will deliver great results for our customers and their patients, our shareholders and our committed employees.  I look forward to seeing you at trade shows and investor events over the next few months as well as reporting back to you with our progress in the quarter. And with that lets get right to the Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Matt Dolan with Roth Capital Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: First, I just wanted to dig into what you are seeing on the growth side of the equation first, I think if we look back to I think few years ago you struggled out of the summer and there was some execution issues then, I think you may have referred to here again. Normally you guys have a lot of visibility into the upcoming quarter, so what can you tell us on a go forward basis about either stability or I think you said in your prepared remarks there is renewed interest in Q4 despite what sounds like has been a pretty slow September and October?
Tom Prescott: Well the first thing I will refer back to is the kind of this dichotomy that is existed between the channels checks, we and others have done and they are still showing strong consumer interest yet not necessarily translating into Invisalign case starts. What I say, we have seen some renewed activity now into October a bit and we believe that will start to generate. The second thing I think if you are referring back to couple of years ago, we do expect Europe to contribute more towards growth in Q4 where we did not have that outlook say in Q4 of two years ago. So, again we think the business is healthy, we wish we had all the answers, I think there is probably few maybe broader secular trends going on in dentistry that others have called out, but what we are going to try to do is just make sure that the activity in the offices turns into case starts and thats what we are focused on.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: So, I guess maybe just to clarify, I think you guys did say that you felt like there is a renewed interest in Q4 even though October was slow. Again is this something maybe did the promotions that came early in Q2 pulled some revenue that you otherwise would have thought you had into earlier in the year. What gives you that thought that things are picking up later this quarter. 
Tom Prescott: We are sitting here on the 17th and as we are managing actively, we are hearing a lot of activity in the offices, patients are coming back in the offices and I will contrast that with two year ago when we still did not have what seem like positive activity even when we went to our call in October. And that in fact did not pick up until late in mid to late November or early December. So, we see the signs f good activity. Doctors are reporting, calendars are filling up again and there are a lot of good signs. We will watch that closely, that is reflected in our view going forward. 
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: And then the second topic, I wanted to make sure we touched on was on the earning guidance side of the equation. Obviously revenues are expected to be flat, it looks like really the measure difference quarter-to-quarter here into Q4 is the gross margin. I know you mentioned freight cost, but that it seems like international has been relatively flat or even down as a percentage of sales. So, why the 200 basis point hit their which is big part of the delta between the two periods.
Ken Arola: Freight, as we ship more and more products internationally the cost of get the product over there with the volume that we are looking at on a historical basis and the growth on the international business we are expecting that to grow nicely again this year. And given where we are, we are expecting our freight cost to be up on a sequential basis over Q3. If you think about Q3, volumes were down in Europe as is typically are. So, when you go in sequential basis Q3 to Q4 you have a greater impact of freight for those international shipments. Also with the shipments that are growing faster in the Asia-Pac region again that picked up additional freight cost to get product over to Asia-Pac as appose to Europe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Tom. I just had one to talk to you about the weakness in the case shipment growth this quarter. Now if you look at kind of where the weakness was, it seems like North American GPs was clearly the worst segment down the most sequentially we actually had positive growth in on the North American orthodontic community and international did somewhere in the middle. Is there something to be said here about the trend that the general practitioner in 3Q that you think can reverse itself in 4Q or do you feel like just give us some feedback on what your sales guys are telling you about what they are seeing in the market?
Tom Prescott: Let me break that into two pieces, first about maybe what happened and second about how we see it going forward. First in terms of what we saw playing out in Q3 and I think you chronicled this pretty well. I think in the GP there was a softness, there was a slowdown, there has been reports of especially in the higher value procedures area on both LA, New York, some of the higher value procedures like full mouth restorations (inaudible) that really slowing down significantly. So, in general with GP practices even our higher volume customers which of all the groups really slowed down the most. They tend to react more to patient traffic coming in and kind of people asking for procedures rather than initiating those conversation. So, when patients are more passive or when traffic goes down, they tend to pull back and don't compensate by initiating more they literally just pull back a bit more. So, it's a different reaction, for the Ortho the specialist they are used to dealing with referral whether it came from own efforts or from a GP that they work with and they are used to jump in on those points of interest whether it's a first call or a patient coming in is really seriously considering. 
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Tom I appreciate all of that detail and we havent had the chance to work on our model but just kind of looking at the guidance that you have given for 4Q, it kind of assumes that you are looking at maybe flattish case shipment growth. So, just want to be clear on what you are saying because it sounds like October started off kind of sluggish but yet in your answer to my question you just sort of said you starting to see a little bit of a pickup in activity and so in terms of case shipment growth what are you building into expectations on a sequential basis in Q4?
Tom Prescott: As Ken described well, the softness that we saw for September and into October thats the basis of our October shipments, what shipping to patients and customers right now. And when that soft or obviously October shipments therefore revenues are little softer. We have seen in year's where Q4 can finish very strongly, the first thing that has to happen is activity in office (inaudible). It recently is stronger than it was in September as we reported and so I think there is what we cant get to September volume, that anchors October shipments for all practical purposes, but we do see building on that as we leave October with growing receipts in November and December. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company: Tom to what degree to you think coming back on the market with Ortho products may have had an impact in the third quarter in terms of the case volumes?
Tom Prescott: We actually as we look at that pretty hard we have done some survey work from a variety of sources and our data show that we are still nicely taking share from all categories of brackets, traditional, etcetera and thats in teen and adult. So, we think if [GSE] products going back on which is a good thing, they are an important part of this industry and that was a tough deal for them. But thats probably coming out of the height of somebody else in the bracket and wire side does not appear to be a factor for us.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company: Have you finalized your plans in terms of how you expect to handle the U.S. medical device excise tax that goes into effect next year, and to what degree do you think you will be able to pass that onto incremental pricing or expense reductions if at all.
Tom Prescott: Id say like every other medical device company we are working our tails off to both prepared systems and capabilities to be able to do this, even though there is no rule making in place yet at [TRF]. So, I think the simple fact is we are working on all our options and Id say that thats still process in place and we will talk about it much more fully when we do guidance and our view of how we are going to handle all this time next quarter. 
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies & Company: Any chance you can give us the inventory balance at the end of the third quarter and then what CapEx was in the third quarter and then it looks like a much bigger number in terms of CapEx for the fourth quarter that Id have anticipated given some of the facility relocations etcetera, winding down now here. Just where do we stand on two fronts. 
Ken Arola: Inventories at the end of September were basically $15 million of which about 13 million or so of that was related to the scanner business that we have been building up some inventory here in preparation for a move in Israel which we actually just completed. So, as far as your other question on CapEx, in quarter four we have about guidance was about 12 million or so of CapEx, and that has to do with some additional equivalent or buying to put down in the facility in Juarez to handle increased capacity over time here as well as some of the outfitting of some facilities cost and stuff like that improvement point of view. As far as CapEx this quarter, we spent I think there was about $6 million or so CapEx in Q3. And again that was mostly related to manufacturing equipment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: Tom, given what we are looking at now for the fourth quarter revenue, looking like it's into the single digits on an organic basis growth. Can you just walk us through the steps that get you back to the 15 to 25% growth that you are looking for over the longer term? Your confidence is clearly not shaken here, so just walk us through the macro new features any sort of recover drivers in the business that you think you can quantify to get us to 25.
Tom Prescott: I will reinforce that I dont feel were recovery mode. Certainly and thats satisfied with our results in Q3 or the guidance we have given in Q4 the profile has been running with, but we are not in recover mode at all. The drivers as we said before this business wont be perfect and it wont be perfectly linear and we have demonstrated both of those here. So, the reality is we have adoption grows, core utilization grows among say orthodontist in a non-linear way. When we bring out new technologies that the earliest adopters that highest volume user the most technique sense of users who get a chance to get after it and then they start trying those new features on more and more kinds of cases.  So, we can now really precisely deliver force systems and do it in a way thats better for the patients and doc. So, we expect over the next couple of years we expect that to reinforce core adoption and Ill remind you we have given even as where we are which we have done pretty well. We are still a very small player in unit and unit share and we have tons of head room in virtually every orthodontic indication. So, our goal is looking at a graph on our wall is making sure we grow penetration. 
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: And then just one big picture. The business it seems like year-on-year was down a couple of million on a basis on 11.5 so down 1.5. I think the expectations are just to be a real growth market but the environment is evolving pretty quickly, you have the three maybe five new competitors on the market next year, but of course you have an advantage position being one of the bigger players in the market. Is that a business that you can get to grow double-digits next year or other extreme is something like what we have seen in this quarter and with the expectations for price to come down effectively next quarter is that more of an appropriate way to think about it. Is this more of a driver for the aligner business. Can you help us parse out the different pieces there?
Tom Prescott: Two things, first of all we believe an have reinforced that this is a very strategic part of very early evolution, major evolution in the dental industry and being able to be at chair side, capture digital data, to be able to bring a wider set of applications to the dentist or the specialist is a very big deal and with few exceptions, for 27 years and they built a significant install base and can sell into that with upgrades. There are very few companies today that I say standalone on a scanner base have got big business. We have got one of the biggest install bases out there but we still think we are getting started. Overtime we believe this on its own merits can be a very successful business and return to growth. I mean it is pretty lumpy right now given uncertainty and all of those things, and even more so in Europe. But we believe that the kind of growth rates to identify data and other third parties are there to be had but we have taken a longer term view of this business.  The second part of that is you asked about Invisalign, Im not going to quote the numbers here but we continue to see a substantial amount of our incoming cases now done by scans, at the meaningful number and growing very nicely every single quarter. Id just say friction goes down for everybody involved, the patient, the doctor in a practice and Align in so many ways is faster, better, cheaper, easier, more precise. Aligner seem to fit better, the whole cycle of case to shipment is faster, and thats the trend it's continuing.  The second thing is the doctors that use, take all the Orthos that have put scanners in, there is a meaningful number of increased cases, they are doing more than every other cohort around them, whether they were of small low volume and medium volume or a high volume Ortho. On average they are doing a significantly greater number of cases on a quarterly or annual basis and thats just again from reducing (inaudible). We are in the early stages of it, but there is a lot of positive signs and we are in this for the long-term.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Feffer with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Feffer - Cantor Fitzgerald: I just wanted to come back to pricing very quickly. This is once again we saw average revenue per case down. I know lot of its tied to promotional activities, volume rebates. Where does this trend go as we look into next year? Obviously the promotions with this quarter, (inaudible) obviously done a great job in driving volume growth. Is there a point where you are worried about slowing down the promotional activities and seeing a slowdown in volume growth or how do you think about overall pricing going into the next year or so. 
Ken Arola: Id just start out by saying pricing has been very stable for us over the past number of years. We havent changed prices for a number of year's now on our products and we have chosen to do is at various points in time pointed promotions. So, over the long-term we think it's a good opportunity to be a growth driver in the business. We are run our advantage program for the doctors on the consistent basis on a year-over-year, we see doctors continuing to move up overtime in the number of cases that they are doing. Some quarters they move faster than other, this last quarter the biggest impact ASPs from a promotional point of view is certainly the teams of various promotion on a sequential basis and the other piece that you didnt mention was really the foreign exchange rates that they moved pretty quickly from Q2 to Q3. Our view is that we will continue to look at promotions at appropriate times in the year for the business on the Invisalign as well as the iTero side of the business for example the 4,000 off promotion running in quarter four that will stimulate more placements of scanners in the marketplace. 
Jeremy Feffer - Cantor Fitzgerald: And on the competitive side, are you guys seeing any pickup inactivity from any of the newer entrance in the clear aligner space?
Tom Prescott: No, not really, I mean we watched this very, very carefully and I think if there is a little, so we are more than holding share for the other small players that are out there in clear aligner and Ortho. In GP, we may have had a little leakage we think call it that against Clear Correct we think, frankly Q1 and Q2 especially among lower volume GPs. And we think most of that was price driven maybe through group on and stuff like that. But we don't see any kind of longer term trends and we have not seen a kind of traction among consistent users from any other player. We see trial from time to time and then based with the features they don't have and cant get and the capability that other players don't have the trend to revert back to Invisalign. So, thats been the pattern where obviously trying to find the balance being confident and paranoid.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
John Kreger - William Blair: Tom, we can just think about the growth that you have seen in recent months from a little bit different perspective. We certainly compare that it's been a tough environment in dental but, I think we also would have said that was probably the case a year ago or few quarters ago. So, if you think about what do you think is really going on from a broader perspective? Do you think there is less orthodontic starts going on across the market or maybe less uptick by orthodontist as the excitement on G3 and G4 as perhaps faded a bit. What is the bigger picture on market share?
Tom Prescott: So, first of all we had a very strong first half and we had a very strong Q1, and carried a lot of that into Q2 with AOO and all of that. So, I don't know if it was more patient driven or practice driven, I don't know and we struggled to find primary data in this area thats useful. So, what we are left with is the data we can get from third parties our own several times a quarter bottoms up and top down views our own qualitative and quantitative research with groups of customers and it's a pretty mixed bag, but for whatever set of reasons in the summer the late summer and into September, it was just like the offices were less engaged and there was less traffic. 
John Kreger - William Blair: So, just a quick follow-up from our perspective G3 and G4 were very well received in the market. As you think about SmartTrack since this is new to us what do you think the significant is the SmartTrack relative to G3 and G4 more or less impactful?
Tom Prescott: We have our own views and we always have a set of metrics, we applied to any new major project innovation, product innovation and we track whether quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year how we are doing against whether it's case complexity we are measuring, getting more class two cases whether we are looking at that sort of adoptions within certain practices. So, we havent started those things, setup and we will see how it does, but one of the very clear points of feedback since May, for example when we did the earlier pilots the doctors that we are treating patients said I don't want to go back to old material please let me keep this. And then some of them were involved in the commercialization pilot in May. 
John Kreger - William Blair: And then one last one, if you think about the guidance you have given us for Q4, does that guidance assume a better lift in volumes in the second half of the quarter late October into November and December. Are you assuming more of a steady state with what you are seeing so far early days in the quarter?
Ken Arola: John, we actually don't really comment on inter-quarter trend that we are looking that so what we are trying to point out in the call is that we saw the softness in September and into early October here, but on the contrary we are seeing activity in doctors office thats still being pretty active, our sales force again is still active with the doctor based in, so our view is that as Tom said with activity picking up to help us as we go forward here. 
Shirley Stacy: Thank you every one for joining us today. Well this concludes our conference call. We look forward to seeing you at coming financial conferences in industry meetings. If you have any questions please contact Investor Relations. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - VP, Corporate & Investor Communications Tom Prescott - President & CEO Ken Arola - VP, Finance & CFO
Analysts: Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners John Kreger - William Blair Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse Spencer Nam - ThinkEquity Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Brandon Couillard - Jefferies 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Align Technology Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce, Ms. Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I am Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Communications. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO and Ken Arola, Vice President and CFO. We issued our second quarter fiscal 2012 financial results press release today via Global Newswire which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Todays conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 pm Eastern Time through 5:30 pm Eastern Time on July 26, 2012. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with account number 292 followed by pound and conference number 396846 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same account number and conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including without limitation statements about Aligns future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2012. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail on our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statement. Please also note that on this conference call we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and the reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures, where practical, are contained in todays financial results press release, which weve posted on our website under Financial Releases and have furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. Weve also posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements including the corresponding reconciliation and our second quarter conference call slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Align Technologys President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Tom Prescott:  Thanks Shirley. Good afternoon everyone. On the call today, Ill provide an overview of our second quarter results and discuss the performance of our two operating segments Invisalign Clear Aligners and Scanner & CAD/CAM Services. Ken will discuss our Q2 financial results and outlook for Q3 in more detail and then Ill come back with a few closing comments and open the call up to questions. The second quarter was another great one for Align and I am pleased to report strong results for revenue, operating margin and EPS all better than our outlook. During the quarter, strong Invisalign volume grew across all products, customer channels and geographies, reflecting continued increase in Invisalign utilization. Our Scanner & CAD/CAM Services business in North America also grew nicely this quarter and continues to exceed our expectations, while scanner sales in Europe remain challenging and our disappointing results there continue. For Q2, total Invisalign case volume was 95.3000, an increase of 12% sequentially and 25% year-over-year, driven by growth in all customer channels. From a product view, Invisalign Full and Invisalign Express which includes Invisalign Express 5 launched last quarter drove sequential and year-over-year growth. Invisalign Express 5 are five stage aligner offering for very simple cases, is hitting the right value point in the market in getting some traction with patients who want to correct a little crowding or spacing, but believe current comprehensive orthodontic treatment is just too expensive for minor correction. They are primarily seeing Invisalign Express 5 usage from our more experienced customers both Orthos and GPs alike. These docs are pricing this treatment from around $1,200 to $1,800 a case which is helping them treat more patients and expand the market. For North America orthodontists, Q2 case volume of 35.4000, cases increased 10% from Q1 and 24% year-over-year driven primarily from increased utilization of all Invisalign products. We believe utilization growth is a result of an improved product efficacy from new features and functionality in Invisalign G4 as well as increased patient demand for Invisalign stemming from our consumer and marketing initiatives. We also saw a good growth in Invisalign Teen product in Q2 reflecting our continued progress in the overall teenage Ortho segment. For North American GP dentist, Q2 case volume of 37.3000, cases increased 13% from Q1 and 21% year-over-year. This quarter we saw another record number of GP submitters combined with an increase in product utilization as our base of GP customers continue to expand and use of Invisalign increased across the board. As described a moment ago, Invisalign Express was up nicely for our GP customers in Q2, reflecting the recent launch of Invisalign Express 5. The teenage orthodontic market, which for us consist of teenagers, 11 and 19 years old using any Invisalign product is the largest segment of orthodontic case starts and represents a great opportunity for us to continue taking share from existing wires and brackets case starts. Q2 was a strong quarter for teenagers using Invisalign, with the total number of teens starting treatment at 20.3000, or 21.3% of worldwide cases. This is an increase of 13% sequentially and 29% year-over-year, a nice increase from the same quarter last year when total teenagers grew 7% sequentially and 6% year-over-year. Invisalign Teen product is primarily targeted at younger teens, 11 to 15 and has specific features such as compliance indicators interruption tabs to address the needs of younger patients. For Q2, Invisalign Teen case shipments were 11.9000, cases, an increase of 19% sequentially and 38% year-over-year, very positive indications of our continued progress. Both Orthos and GPs took advantage of the Invisalign Teen/Vivera Retainer promotion during this quarter, which includes a free Vivera Retainer subscription for every Invisalgin Teen case customer buys. The objective of this promotion is to drive penetration of Invisalign in the teenage ortho segment during the summer season and generate broader trial and use of Vivera Retainers. During Q3 last year when we first offered the Teen/Vivera promotion, we saw a strong uptick in Invisalign Teen cases and since then, the doctors who participated in the promotion have subsequently continued to grow their case volumes consistently. In addition, Vivera Retainer volume has accelerated steadily as well because of the success we saw last year in case volume and doctor behavior. Given that impact we just tried to initiate the promotion in May, a month earlier than last year in order to have the offering in place for the entire teenage peak summer season. For international doctors Q2 case volume of 22.6000, cases increased 13% from Q1 and 35% year-over-year driven primarily by growth in our direct business in Europe as well as by continued strong performance by our APAC distributor. In Europe, we had good growth across all countries led by the UK where growth has resumed and where we continue to make good progress with both Orthos and GPs. During the quarter, we launched Invisalign i7 in the UK, a seven stage aligner offering for minor crowding and spacing. Much like Invisalign Express 5 in North America, Invisalign i7 increases the treatment options for doctors with a cost effective product that is specifically designed for minor tooth moving. Additionally, Invisalign team grew nicely this quarter in Europe and has begun to gain traction in teenage market albeit off a small base. We also had very nice growth from China and Japan; Q2 marks the one year anniversary of our commercial launch in China where we are successfully executing our focused strategy of working in the top four cities with key opinion leaders and leading orthodontists. Over the past year, we have successfully launched Invisalign 4 and Invisalign Teen in China. We have made great strides of those KOLs and top doctors and established a strong base of local advocate or gaining access to the pricing system of numerous major public and university hospitals. We are also seeing good traction from recent initiatives to train Chinese doctors and help them develop the skills and knowledge to build their Invisalign business. Overall, interest in Invisalign is high and we remain very optimistic about the long-term growth opportunity there in China. Q2 growth for our Invisalign distribution partners continues to be driven by our APAC partner. Our other partners in the EMEA and Latin America are also doing well and continue to expand their customer base and drive for utilization growth. Our Invisalign distribution partners represent an important long-term growth lever, but I will point out that they are only about 3% of our total worldwide revenue today. Continued adoption across our customer base in Q2 is reflected in our Invisalign metrics of utilization and new customer training. Overall, utilization rates remain strong across all channels particularly among North America Orthos. As expected, we trained more GPs this quarter typical for us as we offer fewer CE1 courses in Q1. In addition almost half of the total number of new doctors trained in Q2 were international doctors reflecting our continued growth and expansion outside North America. Now let's turn to consumer demand where our integrated consumer marketing platform combines paid media like print, broadcast and digital along with a mix of PR, event marketing and social media outreach. The goal of this platform is to raise awareness in Invisalign and Invisalign Teen as the best options for a healthy beautiful smile among adults and teens and their parents particularly moms. In addition, it is important for us to help these potential patients find a great practice that can meet their needs. Activity in our consumer website is a good measure of progress on this front; perspective patients can get more information, take an interactive smile assessment and search for Invisalign providers in their area. At the end of Q2, we had nearly 3 million visitors to Invisalign.com to-date this year up 40% from the same period in 2011. Website leads are up 45% from this time last year and we continue to see increasing traffic from mobile device users particularly when our ads are running on TV. We launched Invisalign.com mobile site at the end of June to leverage this traffic with the site optimized for mobile visitors particularly those on smartphones. Website traffic like many of our consumer metrics is positively influenced by our on air TV presence. In Q2, we began leveraging the peak Teen season by running our twins TV commercials to reach moms and teens.  We will be on air with these commercials through the end of August with a short break between the Olympics at the end of July. Our TV presence during the importance summer month is supplemented by radio, digital and traditional PR and event marketing including our second year sponsoring Radio Disneys next big thing tour which includes elements of all those marketing channel.  We began running Radio Disney spots in Q2 and officially kicked off this year's tour on July 1 in Chicago market. And with the online launch of the Disney Invisalign Teen straight up celebrations sweepstakes which will run into the tour end in December. We expect another successful year with this Disney initiative as it gives us an opportunity to reach the very engaged Disney teen audience and their parents at local market events and through Disneys radio, TV and online properties.  On the public relations front, we are continuing to target both moms and adult female audiences through editorial coverage that not only builds awareness for our brand but also educates about the benefits of treatment. One of our most recent examples from our PR effort on this front was a very nice segment on the CBS day time talk show "The Doctors" which aired on July 10 on the Hide It, Fix It, Flaunt It episode.  The segment which featured Invisalign patient and her doctor talking about treatment reached the shows audiences of more than 3 million viewers. If you would like to see the clip search for Invisible Braces for Crooked Teeth or you can reference the link in today's webcast slides.  Consumer demand initiatives have always been an important part of our strategy for market expansion and sustained growth in North America. Over the past few years, we've also been laying the foundation for direct-to-consumer advertising in appropriate markets in Europe.  Now given these economic times, it may seem counter intuitive but it's really an opportune time for us to establish our brand, build awareness and get placements in the lower cost in this area. So we have started to implement programs in select country markets such as our recent launch of TV advertising in Spain, in the UK with an integrated marketing campaign around our sponsorship of the UK version of the bachelor TV show and the continued success of the right white campaign in Germany featuring former football star Matthias Sammer.  All of these are serving to help educate teens and their parents. Combined with good PR in digital marketing activities across the EU markets, all of these integrated marketing elements are designed to help raise awareness of Invisalign as the best treatment option and is very under penetrated market. Moving on to our scanner and CAD/CAM services segment, Q2 revenue was $11.9 million compared with $11.8 million in Q1 a slight increase from Q1 which reflected strong North American scanner sales offset by lower service revenue in international scanner sales. Our scanner business continues to exceed our expectations in North America.  We are gaining leverage from the combined efforts of our scanner and Invisalign sales team, especially major in Invisalign events including the [AAO] meeting in May and several customer reforms all across the US in Q2 which were primarily for GP dentists.  All-in-all we are seeing terrific progress in North America, almost good enough to offset some of the performance gap in Europe. It appears that capital equivalent market remains soft in Europe we are just not satisfied with our execution and results in this area and are working to remedy the situation.  Given these challenges over the near-term, we are not expecting any significant improvement from our scanner and CAD/CAM services business in this region. With the majority of our New Jersey consolidation completed, we have posed most in the gaps in scanner customer service, technical support and delivery that I mentioned last quarter which were felt most acutely by legacy iTero customers.  Our continued evolution in hardware and software applications along with our maturing customer support resources we will take care of any remaining matters over the next quarter or so. Were making great progress on product, systems and technology. As our strategy evolves, our near-term focus is on maximizing Invisalign leverage both in driving new scanner sales as well as increasing adoption, utilization of Invisalign. This Invisalign inter-operability became available. Weve seen digital impressions begin to replace traditional PVS impressions.  As of Q2, 12.8% of North American cases were submitted with a digital impression from an iTero iOC scanner instead of PVS impression. This is up from 9.2% last quarter and 5.9% in Q4 of 2011. The trend towards accelerating digitization is very positive as Invisalign is one of the very few treatment modalities in dentistry that relies fully upon digital technologies. This trend also benefits our customers as it reduces cycle time, eliminates (inaudible), and results in more positive experience for their patients. As we invest and accelerate product development, we will launch high value applications like the Outcome Simulator, expected later this year along with even more applications to follow. We know its working well in the scanner business. We see everyday in North America. We have an opportunity to replicate that success elsewhere. We are committed to investing the time and resources needed and knowing to get things back on track in Europe. I will now turn the call over to Ken for a review of our Q2 financial results. Ken?
Ken Arola:  Thanks, Tom. Before I get started, I would like to remind everyone that there are several items that we exclude from our GAAP results when we report non-GAAP results. These include acquisition and integration related costs, amortization of intangible assets and severance and benefit cost for the New Jersey consolidation.  In my comments today, I will not review the total dollars excluded for non-GAAP gross margin, operating expense and operating margin and instead we refer you to the press release table of reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP key financial metrics and the business outlook summary for a complete reconciliation. Now let's turn to the second quarter financial results beginning with revenue.  In Q2, net revenue was a total of $145.6 million which consisted of Invisalign revenue of a $133.7 million and scanner and CAD/CAM services revenue of $11.9 million. This is a sequential increase of 7.8% from $135.1 million in Q1 2012, and a year-over-year increase of 21.3% from $120.1 million in Q2 2011.  Q2 Invisalign revenue of $133.7 million increased 8.4% compared to Q1 revenue of $123.3 million and increased 17.6% compared to Q2 2011 revenue of $113.6 million. A sequential increase in Q2 revenue was driven by Invisalign volume growth in all channels and products. This was partially offset by lower Invisalign ASPs resulting from advantage rebate, promotional activity, product mix and to a lesser extend foreign exchange rates. On year-over-year basis, Q2 Invisalign revenue growth was driven by volume increases in all channels and products. Q2 scanner and CAD/CAM services revenue of $11.9 million increased from $11.8 million in Q1 and was driven by North America scanner sales. Q2 2011 revenue of $6.4 million included two months of scanner and CAD/CAM services revenue as we posed the acquisition of Cadent Holdings Inc. on April 29, 2011.  Now moving on to gross margin and operating expenses. Q2 GAAP gross margin was a $108.8 million or 74.7% this compares to a $100.8 million or 74.6% in Q1 and $91.1 million or 75.9% in the same quarter last year. Due to GAAP gross margin for Invisalign was 79% and scanner and CAD/CAM services was 26.6%. This compares to 79% and 28.7% respectively in quarter one.  Non-GAAP gross margin for Q2 was $109.2 million or 75%. This compares to $101.5 million or 75.1% in quarter one and $91.4 million or 76.1% in the same quarter last year. The benefit from increased Invisalign volumes was offset by lower ASPs. In Invisalign there was no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for Q2 or Q1 of 2012 and Q2 of 2011.  For scanner and CAD/CAM services Q2 non-GAAP gross margin was 30.3% compared to 34.6% last quarter. Q2 GAAP operating expenses remain flat at $72.8 million compared to Q1 operating expenses. Operating expenses for the same quarter last year were $74.5 million. Q2 non-GAAP operating expense was $71.6 million and this compares to $71.1 million in quarter one and $68.1 million in the same quarter last year.  Q2 non-GAAP operating expenses remains relatively flat from Q1 and reflects a sequential increase in media spend to get in front of the teenage summer season offset by lower compensation related expenses, consulting expenses and some deferred headcounts. Q2 GAAP operating income was $36 million or 24.7% and this compares to $28 million or 20.7% in quarter one and $16.6 million or 13.8% in the same quarter a year ago.  Q2 non-GAAP operating income was $37.6 million or 25.8%. This compares to $30.3 million or 22.4% in quarter one and 23.3 million or 19.4% in the same quarter last year. Q2 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.34 compared to $0.26 in quarter one and $0.14 in the same quarter last year. Q2 non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.34 compared to $0.27 in quarter one and $0.20 in Q2 of last year. Now moving on to the balance sheet, cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities including long-term investments were $304 million. This is compared to $257.2 million at the end of 2011. In Q2, we generated roughly $27.3 million in cash from operations compared to $15.4 million in quarter one and $29.7 million in the same quarter last year.  Q2 DSOs were 63 days compared to 63 days in quarter one and 62 days the same quarter last year. Overall, Q2 was another strong quarter and the first half of the year has been outstanding. Our business continues to be very healthy and we are confident we will continue to build on this over the remainder of the year. Now lets turn to our business outlook for Q3 2012 and the factors that inform our view. As we enter Q3, we continue to see solid patient traffic and activity in our customers offices. Our North America Orthos are busy with new teenage case starts and we expect Q3 to be a strong teen quarter for Invisalign.  For North American GPs we expect seasonality to be a factor as we are anticipating doctors will have less in office days due to vacations. Our international doctors had a great first half of the year stronger than expected and we anticipate Q3 to be a slower period particularly for Southern Europe countries where many customers take extended summer holidays.  As a result, Invisalign case volume as it is anticipated to be in a range of 94,800 to 96,300 cases which reflects a year-over-year increase of 19.5% to 21.3%. This compares to a year-over-year increase of 25.3% in quarter two 2012 and 19.8% in quarter three 2011. Our Invisalign shipment volumes are an important metric pointing to the continued progress and strength of the business. For Q3, we expect the scanner and CAD/CAM service business to be down sequentially from quarter two, give summer seasonality for capital equipment purchases. In addition there are no major industry or Invisalign customer events in quarter three that would give us additional selling opportunities like we had in Q2 with the AAO in May as an example. We also expect Q3 scanner sales in Europe to be flat. With that as a backdrop, we expect Q3 revenues to be in a range of $136.8 to a $140.8 million. Overall revenues reflect lower Invisalign ASPs resulting from deferrals associated with the Invisalign Teen/Vivera Retainer promotion, Advantage rebates and headwinds from foreign exchange rates. Now let's move on to gross margin. We expect Q3 GAAP gross margin to be in a range of 73.4% to 73.8% and we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be in a range of 73.6% to 74.1%. The expected sequential decrease in non-GAAP gross margin reflects lower Invisalign ASPs as just mentioned. In Q3 we expect GAAP operating expense to be in a range of $71.7 million to $72.4 million. We expect Q3 non-GAAP operating expense to be in a range of $70.6 million to $ 71.3 million, slightly down from Q2. We expect Q3 GAAP operating margins to be a range of 21% to 22.4% and GAAP earnings per share to be in a range of $0.26 to $0.28. We expect Q3 non-GAAP operating margin to be in a range of 22% to 23.5% and non-GAAP earnings per share to be in a range of $0.27 to $0.29. In Q3 we expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 25%, diluted shares outstanding to be approximately $83.5 million and cash on hand to be in the range of $345 million to 355 million. With that I will now turn the call back over to Tom for some closing comments.
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Ken. Overall Q2 was another outstanding quarter for Align. As you can see from our results there are a lot of good things going on in our business with visible progress in virtually every area of the company. Our doctors' offices remain busy and while we are anticipating the combination of a slower summer period and some promotional activity lowering Q3 revenue a bit, our outlook for Invisalign volume growth of 20% plus year over year is even higher than reported in Q3 last year and demonstrates our continued growth and adoption and utilization worldwide. We continue to be content about the future due to our low market penetration, outstanding offerings and solid execution of a winning strategy. We are committed to tracking towards our long-term financial model with the right combination of revenue and earnings growth. I look forward to sharing this continued progress with you at the end of Q3. And with that I will open the call to questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from the line of Matt Dolan with Roth Capital Partners. Please go ahead.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: So the first question is looking at the Q3 guidance. You know I think you mentioned a survey on the last call; clearly the teenage segment is building here into the summer season. Last year we didn't see as much seasonality as you're implying with your guidance. So maybe you can talk through what's new on the international side and the GP side that would make this year unique?
Ken Arola: Yeah, I guess. I will start with Matt is if you think back a year ago, coming off of quarter two particularly in International, we typically see some nice growth Q1 to Q2. Growth was a lot less in quarter two last year which growing off that base into the summer months, we actually had an increase in revenues during that summer month with international business. Its different this year in the fact that we had what I would call more of normal Q2 for us, as far as the volume was there from the doctors. All quarter long, we saw some long good strength in Europe this last quarter and now rolling into the summer, we are looking at going back to what we would normally see or typically see which is doctors being at the office on holidays and not seeing that same growth we saw last year. So that was the main part of it.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: Okay and then domestically?
Ken Arola: Domestically GPs, depending on the summer they have been up and they have been down. Last year was some nominal growth in GPs on a quarter-over-quarter basis and this year we are again expecting it to be kind of the same.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: The second question is on China. We get this a lot, so wanted to relay it on to you on this call. It seems like you know International is healthy, can you quantify or give us any type of direction to how much is coming you know beyond Europe?
Tom Prescott: You know I think Matt I will take that. Qualitatively first, China is a very small part of our  its small today in revenue. It's large in terms of opportunity and so this idea of going very, very slowly to build the right base, so we can go faster later is still a very important theme. It's still a very small contributor to top line that will change say over a five-year period substantially. You know I am just trying to find a right way we describe this. In general those smaller geographies outside the US are growing more rapidly than International in general which is growing more rapidly than North America. If I would stack it up that way, is that good to answer your question?
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: Yeah, sure and we will follow up later. And then the last one on your duplicative costs with this transition in New Jersey, are those stripped out of your non-GAAP results, are those, would those be a further cost reduction, I think about down the road and if so maybe you can help us understand how much those might be on a go forward basis?
Ken Arola: Yeah, so costs in relation to duplicative costs of employees and those types of things. Those are in our non-GAAP numbers. The only thing we pull up from a GAAP to non-GAAP are severance associated costs and the like. As far as the consolidation is concerned itself, New Jersey consolidation. We talked a while back about being able to enjoy about a $1 million cost savings per quarter, about $4 million a year as we complete that transition. It looks like we are right on track with that as far as the cost reduction with the move itself. What we will see coming into play here is the fact that in the scanner business as it's been growing in particular in North America very nicely, we've had to add more trainers in to do the installs of the units in doctors' offices and that's going to be an offset a bit to the cost savings we've seen with the New Jersey consolidation. And then with the more recent issues we've been dealing with the Ichiro system and doctors in the marketplace with a customer service point of view, we've actually had to layer in some additional resources to get after that from a customer care and a technical support point of view and that will be also some offset to the savings that we are (inaudible) enjoy.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from the line of John Kreger from William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger - William Blair: Can you just review what's driving the lower ASPs both in your second quarter results and what seems to be implied in Q3 guidance?
Ken Arola: That was one of the, there is a couple of drivers here in Q2 and will continue into Q3. It has to do with our Advantage rebate program and also the Teen/Vivera promotion more specifically and then in Q3 there's also the impact of foreign exchange rates more heavily on the business. That we can't do a lot about obviously. I will come back to the other two.  So the Advantage program is a program we've been having, we've been in place for a number of years now and it really rewards the highest point in doctors and its a good ROI for us because doctors submit more cases to us, but they enjoy a little bit of rebate associated with that but in all reality we don't put a lot of effort into supporting those particular doctors as we do a low volume doctor who needs a lot of customer care support and technical support in getting to the case. So from an ROI perspective, it's a very positive program for us and it returns a nice profitability in relation to even doctors who are not getting any rebates. More specifically sometimes we run programs like the Teen/Vivera promotion to drive volume and get doctors moving up in their number of cases there has been. We again as we said on our call, very successful last year and running the Teen/Vivera promotion and we are running it again this year. We started it a month earlier, that's very specific to the summer months here and as the doctor turns the case into us, a Teen case into us they will get to use a Vivera case between now and the end of March next year. There are some associated revenue deferrals with that because we are offering a Vivera case to the doctor along with the Teen part, so there's a bundling effect and we differ a portion of that revenue and we will get that revenue back as the doctor takes the Vivera case.
Tom Prescott: Hey John, if I can pile in for just a second. In general pricing is very stable for us globally, with the exception of that Baxter moment; most of the changes that are happening in ASP are because we are pulling on certain levers. Ken laid out a few of them. Overtime we will expect ASP to go down a bit more as mix evolves and with product like Express, and i7 and Express 5, those are incremental cases we probably wouldnt have gotten. They come with the roughly equivalent gross margins, but our market is expanding for us and will, so the visible ASP may go down. We are going to help you unpack that overtime. So you realize, its not us necessarily losing price, its an evolution of business.
John Kreger - William Blair: Question flipping over to the scanner and CAD/CAM services business, can you just update us on whats driving the declining gross margin and as you complete the integration, can we expect that to start trending up again?
Ken Arola: Yeah John, so Q1 to Q2 gross margin decline had to with a couple of specific items. First of all, we revised our standards on the scanners. In fact at the end of quarter four and we had units shipping in quarter four that we actually didnt recognize revenue, till quarter one they had lower standard costs associated with them and thats because we do the install with the doctor and thats the point in time we recognize revenue. With the revised standards, we have actually increased a little bit. We had an additional manufacturing resources would increase the standards a bit. We see that coming through and shipments we made for the remainder of quarter one and into quarter two now that scanners are getting installed at just a little higher costs. The other piece of it is, we have been adding resources and trainers over the past few quarters and you see the impact of that and that has to do with making sure we can support the number of scanners were placing in North America and getting the doctors trained on that system. So those two things are some of the bigger drivers.
John Kreger - William Blair:  And then finally, can you just comment on the macro environment in Europe and how it might be impacting your business. It seems like the core Invisalign business continues to do surprisingly low, but Cadent faltering a little bit; either those really being impacted by the tougher backdrop?
Tom Prescott:  I am not going to hide behind the economy for a minute, lets talk Invisalign for just a moment. What we focused on Europe over the last year, year and a half is execution that we could control and if you remember, a year plus ago, we were struggling in the UK and in some other geographies, weve in some cases reconstituted the sales team or the leadership of that country, re-looked at programs, in some cases like i7 have rolled out new products and were growing again very nicely. UK led the international team this year in terms of individual country markets in Europe, and its great to see. The UK economic environment hasnt gotten better in the last year. So I would say that we have the benefit of better execution using that as an example and still a really low penetration. We saw lots of headroom for growth. And you know the example of Spain; were growing very nicely in Spain and these are -- were all watching the news everyday. So I think accepting the calamitous kind of financial outcome there, I believe in general we can continue to motor through this and find opportunities for growth with good execution. Doesnt mean things can't change. On the scanner side, on the scanner side its real hard to move the rock uphill because principally there is a piece of capital equipment that practitioners dont need to buy today. Theyre doing physical impression, PBS and other impression materials today and this is about productivity and in a period of time when there is great uncertainty, the easier default is not to invest in this kind of new capital. So I think that is a factor, but in addition, were not where we want to be and were working very hard with our partner on that and I believe overtime were going to be able to make that better; but I think there is also different from the Invisalign business, there is execution that hasnt turned it around yet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Glen Santangelo from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: I just want to follow up for a minute on Johns ASP question; you know because its clear that you have laid out a whole bunch of issues whether it be the FX issue, the rebate issue or the promotional opportunity; I was wondering Ken would you feel comfortable just kind of maybe isolating this FX issue to give us a sense for big it is so we can think about maybe whats within your control and not within your control as we model ASP up in the next couple quarters?
Ken Arola: Sure; if you think about FX, the impact to us this last quarter, if you look at the international business it was probably in that you know $5,00,000 to $600,000 range, so pretty small overall to the revenue base. But going forward looking at FX rates in particular for the year I am talking about that had been running around low 130s over the past several quarters and now bouncing around on the low 120s it will have a more pronounced impact on us from Q2 to Q3.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Okay, can you care to quantify that at all or.?
Ken Arola: Well, we havent given you specifics on our revenues for international, so I dont want to make a comment specifically on that.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Okay, can I may be assume that based on the guidance youve kind of given us today you kind of assume that the year remains in the low 120s?
Ken Arola: You know I think thats a fair call; what we look at is where the rates have been running as we come into the quarter just before earnings and we are looking at our guidance for the quarter and we make the best call we can, so I would say that's probably a fair range to be in.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: Hey Tom, could you maybe talk a little bit more about the scanner business, you mentioned that you are starting to see some of the benefits of integrating the sales teams here in North America, you know could you quantify that or are you starting to -- could you elaborate a little bit more and the leverage you are seeing as a result of combination of the effort of those two sales forces?
Tom Prescott: Sure, I mean, we've got, we're headed tremendous 200 total people touching customers in North America and we are 30,000 plus customers in North America that we have good credible relationships with and it provides an opportunity to do some qualification and assessment of opportunity and then we really rather than dragging a scanner around individual offices, we use these events when we get them all together, study clubs, workshops, CE1s, CE2s, forums, summits and obviously trade shows where all the other vendors are in the room. We've done a very good job of cross selling and working and the first job I think all of our owners said is don't take your eye of the Invisalign ball, so I think we've demonstrated, we didn't do that; but in addition we've got attention from our Invisalign customer base and quite a few of them are either having discussions or have already bought a scanner. So that's our best opportunity. As we build the scanner sales force, we have roughly one scanner rep per region in the country and in large areas like LA or New York kind of two-ish or so; two or three. So they are very much a part of the daily rhythm with the Invisalign teams and a lot of open communication, a great amount of partnering. So with kind of very little cultural effort the two teams have grown very close together and we are pretty efficient about finding opportunities and then using these environments where we've got a group of customers together that demo and close sales. We expect that to continue and I think if you look at the good start we had off for selling scanners last year we just expect overtime thats going to continue. On the opposite side, the Invisalign side, we are just trying to get real leverage out of these accounts whether they be orthodontist or GP dentist that are now increasing utilization of Invisalign because its easier and patients are happy and all those things. So thats just for interoperability and you see whats going on with the number of increasing cases from that. When we start putting tools like the outcome simulator which we showed a little piece of during the Chicago mid-winter which will be out later this year, this is testing incredibly strong with our customers. They literally, when we demo with them to get some user interface information they dont want to take it off their scanner when its time to leave. So there are other tools coming out that will make it much, much easier to interact with patients to case assessment and openly submit cases too I would say that its really going to just reduce friction around the entire Invisalign experience. And then on the whole restorative side there is a whole host of opportunities for us to leverage great enterprise environment; we have got it Invisalign, Align Technology where we literally communicate with 30,000, 40,000 customers everyday on a very robust external facing environment and we are starting with the best scanner in the world. So from our perspectives, we have gotten past all the table stakes issues, now at a point as we start bringing out a flow of software and new hardware evolutions and capabilities that just gets better and better. So again, setting Europe aside there is whole set of issues we are working on, we are pretty excited by the broader set of opportunities that are evolving.
Glen Santangelo - Credit Suisse: And thats helpful, Tom if I can just ask you one last question then Ill hop off. I just want to quickly touch on the competitive landscape, as you guys kind of moved down the market a little bit towards i7 or the Express line, you start to get a little bit more in direct competition with where maybe [donor] or dentist like clear correct those guys are. Are you worried at all about the competitive landscape and the impact of that on pricing? Just what are you seeing in the market place?
Tom Prescott:  Well, first of all, Andy Grove said it best in "Only the Paranoids Survive" a great little book but if there is a combination of being confident and paranoid at the same time, maybe that definitely its schizophrenia, thats where we are. The great thing is why would anybody given a choice add a certain value point in the market settle for anything less than a best aligner product in the world.  For any five stage or seven stage product, we should be able to move more efficiently to create the greatest and most predictable amount of movement for any inclusion youre trying to fix and so our view is were not pricing our value products any different than what the market already has and (inaudible) told our variable cost per unit is probably lowest in the world.  So we have a great deal of flexibility, the margins in those products are sound. These are market expanding and I think its a good thing if other manufacturers are moving in this area, growing its just going to make it more acceptable for people to use clear liners, skills and we think thats market over time when. So, obviously were paranoid about much bigger and better equipped players but the same talking we're completing through innovation and cycle time and speed and all that.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Spencer Nam from ThinkEquity. Please go ahead.
Spencer Nam - ThinkEquity:  Just a couple questions here. On the pricing, in the pricing side, I can understand why US pricing is coming down because of promotions and all that. But I also see your pricing coming down on the international market. Its been coming down fairly steady over the last couple of years and I was just wondering what's driving that?
Tom Prescott:  I have a couple of things driving, Spencer. First of all, foreign exchange rates. If you go back a year ago, the year was running in the low 140 to 144 to the dollar. Today it's running in the low 120s, 122, 123. That has a big impact on the year-over-year basis on the international side of the business. The couple of components, ROE introduced new products this last quarter called Invisalign I7 into the European market. So as volume there grows instead of lower price point. So we will have some mix going on and also our distributors have been growing very nicely as we pointed to over the last several years and overall, the pricing point there is basically have the half list price in essence because theyre selling a distributor pricing and theyre taking care of all the customer issues. As a mix of the distributors grow internationally and that some of the lower price products grow over time, you well see more of an impact to ASP for a mix.
Ken Arola:  Hey, Spencer, on a kind of a net profitability perspective, our international partners even with the discounts for that. You know we dont have the offsetting support cost. So that falls through nicely as volume and then the second thing is that margins are comparable on these lower end offerings to our full teen and those other products. So those are, other than FX which you would call a negative effect, everything else fits into our P&L nicely and the one expectation would be say, promotion in North America, or Europe were we run it which we would look at payback from that but in a period it might look like thats negative.
Spencer Nam - ThinkEquity:  And then on the promotions going on in the US, I think you guys are mindful of your competitive landscape but I was also wondering whether you guys, the part of the promotion was related to the competitive aspects that you know that you are trying to ensure their high volume, Invisalign physicians, dentists remain within Invisalign instead of jumping over to competitive so on and so forth. Is that calculated in your strategy of aggressively pushing the rebate program?
Tom Prescott: Every program, every promotion has its own rational and we look at what we trying to accomplish with it. In the Teen/Vivera promotion it was not so much for competitive reasons, it was to expand the value and accomplish two objectives. The first I think I mentioned two minutes ago was if we can --- teen is the hardest share to gain because no orthodontist or dentists treating teens wants to do anything other than perfect for outcomes.  They dont want to sacrifice any clinical advantage or leverage. So as we evolve Teen and the teen product in G3 G4 etcetera, we are cracking that more complex case now and helping that doctor deliver perfect their definition of perfect with mom or dad.  The goal of anything we do to accelerate teen usage usually is a persistent effect office by office where they take advantage. So if we can get a good ROI on a program like Teen/Vivera program and they do incrementally more teen cases during that busy season when they have got the highest patient flow for those teen starts, that utilization level remains and they move up from there.  So when we look back a year ago, this is a persistent effect and therefore it is very virtuous, the payback is very positive. We get revenue deferral from that which we pick up couple of quarters later. The second thing that's really positive is we are trying to widen the base of repeat the very usage and so many of these orthodontists that bought Teen/Vivera promotion or bought teen get Vivera, they hadn't used much of Vivera as they start getting really good feedback from patients they start ordering more Vivera. So the Vivera usage is also persistent and our goal is to widen the base of Vivera users which is happening so that program had two objectives both are being met and it was targeted right at the busy summer season, less so a competitive kind of dynamic.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley:  Tom, I wanted to drill down a bit more and a number of users in the quarter and the growth of the user base. We've talked about this before. This growth rate is very high and as you've commented before this is clearly borne out. You guys are doing a terrific job training not just more users but getting to people that are really going to fair very well with this system. How do you at this point to mention the sustainability of the growth of that user base, how long can that hold up and is there an upper bound in the US and in terms of the right base of users?
Tom Prescott: Let's break this into two pieces, Steve. The first is Orthos. We are, we think there's 9,000 to 10,000 practicing Orthos in North America and we are not, we are now just have 5,000 number in front of the submitters on an annual basis you know, it's taken us 13 years to get there.  So we've got half of the active orthodontists in North America, we are not doing any business with and some of those practices are very desirable practices with you know high end, big volume and all that so that represents a long-term opportunity that where going to crack through continue to evolve the product in delivering great results, what we call predictability and all that.  And that's just a long journey towards acceptance and adoption. Our view is standard of care some day. That's our hope. So we can train them, but the tougher journey there is not a training dynamic, it's acceptance and acceptance of clear line of therapy, the standard and then secondly us getting that chair. The second one I think, may be where your question was specifically targeted around GP customers and with a 130,000 to 140,000 GPs, we've just trained a slice of them and we have this long journey with them going on, where it usually takes two or three years to, with some exceptions, it takes two or three years to get them to where this is starting to become routinized. Even with the practice that's interested and engaged. So you know from seeing our utilization, we have this long tail of lower volume practices that are slowly percolating along you know doing their thing. So for practical purposes we could probably, you know we have done some segmentation in the GP base. There's probably a practical number, but even if we wanted to say maybe half of the GPs wouldn't be appropriate for Invisalign in the next five years. That still leaves us with more than double the install base we've got of users today. And so from our purposes, as we recruit for new doctors, we are really trying to qualify that they really want to bring something different into practice and put effort into it. So could we step on the gas and train 10,000 a year? Sure, I am not sure we get to a better place, but the head room is there to do that.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: And then one on your, what you are hearing from the sales force now that we have another quarter under our belts here. Specifically what are you hearing from the sales channel in terms of broader orthodontic patient flow in the US, I mean given your results and what we heard from one of the big diversified players this morning, it sounds like ortho in the quarter very solid, would you take any issue with that, was it solid throughout the quarter and what are you assuming in the third quarter in terms of the sustainability of that strength? Thanks so much.
Tom Prescott: Well sure I mean Danaher Ormco, we think is part of the share leader in North America and worldwide in terms of case starts. So they are probably defining what we probably call the market dynamics in a complete way. I think you have to look, you have to unpack that a bit and success or not success, I guess is probably defined more by products and whats being used. So from our perspective, Q2 was a great quarter for us without those. In fact Q2 was a great quarter in virtually every area, we channel every product. So Q3 is typically a strong quarter, but again we are up against these really good competitors like Danaher and Dentsply and 3M and their divisions and they are doing everything they can with their offerings and products to hold traditional or even more modern bracket offerings. We believe we will continue to be able to wrestle share away from them overtime and we would expect that we will have I think as Ken described in his outlook, we will have a lot of contribution from orthodontists especially in North America in Q3, thats pretty typical. So I think the offices are pretty active, the summer rush is on, moms and dads are taking kids in when they are out of school and its a shopping season for the orthodontic industry at least in North America. So I think all that portends, we have got to go get more than our fair share in Q3 and see what it looks like when we talk in a quarter.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Steve. Operator we will take one last question please.
Operator: Sure. Our next question is from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies: Tom, could you speak to the demand trend you experienced intra quarter and may be into early 2013 and I am particularly interested in how June may have fared mostly in the US relative to your expectations? And then secondarily to what degree if at all do you perceive the Invisalign product is less sensitive to say the winds of consumer confidence or discretionary spending?
Tom Prescott: If I can take that, I will make the first one easy because we typically don't talk about flow of business. What we do talk about is the things that give rise to flow of business and what I would say is activities in office with our team promotions and programs and consumer, all those demand drivers are running well and we expect to whatever is possible to do as best as possible. Again, so I am not going to comment specifically on the details inside a quarter, the shipments and our performance have to kind of speak for itself and we give a lot of detail about that. The second part of your question, I completely lost it. I totally apologize. I was doing pretty well till I got there. I will also try to say blithely, I'm not going to answer your question. Please ask your second part again.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies: Just to what degree, you think the product may be less sensitive to consumer confidence or discretionary spending relative to history?
Tom Prescott: Thanks, you are very gracious. We actually test this a fair amount and we still know that cost is one of the primary reason why a consumer says I am not going to do orthodontic treatment right now. They're rated very highly, but they say not right now. $5000, $6000 to $7000. We have got a few examples going on to test that a little bit with low end offerings and interestingly we have doctors that are saying with Express 5 for example, they are treating a patient with Express 5. As a result they believe they are going to get the patient back in two or three years for a full treatment, fixing a little bit of crowding or a little spacing has that patient more excited about making this a priority. And so it's an interesting step one towards comprehensive treatment. The second part of your question is called recession proofing. There is no such thing I think in the real world. I would say that in general, teen and pediatric orthodontics is when it comes time for that; families really try hard to make that fit. We have spoken externally about the size of North America for consumers and we kind of peg that around 23 million to 24 million people in general are interested, available, capable of paying and getting a better smile very high. If we took, if we go back and look at some testing we did in 2008-2009 in the middle of the meltdown, with consumer confidence being shattered, if we lost half of that potential in terms of willing and able, we still are dramatically under penetrated. So A; orthodontic treatment is under penetrated, B; our product with its value proposition which is a more expansive than orthodontic treatment in general is really under penetrated. So the best thing we got going for us right now relative to your second question which I completely forgot a minute ago is that under preparation is a wonderful thing. We have got lots of headroom for growth.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies: Thanks and then Ken, on the cash flow side, were there any one-time items that may explain the year-over-year decline in the operating cash flow and then if you could explain you know just how D&A was down year-over-year; that would be helpful?
Ken Arola: Okay so the cash question. This year, well actually we exited last year and moved into this year, we have actually had some more capital purchases in relation to getting the factory up and running in Juarez and that had some impact to us there and also and things like we benefited related to the tax provisions and stock-based comps, those types of things. So I think that answers most of that question. The other one on DSOs, DSOs have been pretty consistent at around low 60, 62, 63 days. We don't anticipate that changing a whole lot. You know customers are you know paying us pretty routinely here. You know our terms are 60 days with the doctors in North America, so having DSOs hold in there, we feel pretty good about that.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies: You know I meant depreciation and amortization.
Ken Arola: Depreciation and amortization, sorry. So depreciation and amortization will pick up a little bit here. It already has started a little bit and the reason being is we put new equipment into the Juarez facility as bought new facility down in last year, outfitted it and the equipment that we had in and we have been running with for many years is fully depreciated. So you are going to see more depreciation coming from that equipment.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, operator. That concludes our call. We appreciate your time today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can reach Align Investor Relations. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-23 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Align Technology First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 It is now my pleasure to introduce, Ms. Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin. 
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Communications. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and Ken Arola, Vice President and CFO. We issued our first quarter fiscal 2012 financial results press release today via Globe Newswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com.
 Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on May 1, 2012. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with account number 292 followed by # and conference number 391936 followed by #. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same account number and conference number.
 As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2012. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other results are set forth in more detail on our Form 10-K for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2011. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.
 Please also note that on this conference call we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and the reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures, where practical, are contained in todays financial results press release, which have been posted on our website at investor.aligntech.com under Financial Releases, and have been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items.
 Weve also posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our first quarter conference call slides on our website at investor.aligntech.com under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information.
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom? 
Thomas Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon everyone. On the call today, I will provide an overview of our performance in two operating segments, Invisalign clear aligners as well as scanner and CAD/CAM services and comment on a few highlights from each during the quarter. Ken will discuss our Q1 financial results and our outlook for Q2 in more detail and then I will come back with a few closing comments and open the call for your questions.
 I am pleased to report a very strong quarter and a great start to the year. Strong Invisalign volume particularly from North American Orthodontists drove better than expected revenue, margins and EPS, and we achieved a major milestone, our first $100 million quarter in North American sales. In addition, our scanner and CAD/CAM services business was up nicely this quarter. I am very proud of our team and the great results they delivered, which reflect on their continued focus and execution of our strategic growth initiatives.
 I will start with an overview of Invisalign performance by customer channels. For our North American ortho customers total case volume for Q1 was 32.2 thousand cases, an increase of 8% from Q4 and 20% year-over-year, driven primarily from increased utilization. Our ortho customers continue to report increased confidence in using Invisalign because of the clinical improvements from Invisalign G3 and Invisalign G4, and from our ever improving ability to create patient demand for Invisalign. These drivers are especially important in helping increase use of Invisalign for teenage patients.
 For our North America GP dentists, Q1 case volume of 33,000 was basically flat from a strong Q4 and up 17% from the same quarter last year. Year-over-year growth among GPs reflects continued expansion in our customer base as well as utilization growth across all tiers, low, mid and high volume GPs. Our GP customers continue to report solid patient traffic in their offices along with increased interest in higher value procedures, both of which are important contributors to their positive outlook.
 A recent dental industry survey of 200 doctors by AFG reaffirmed this view as GPs reported positive trends for practice activity, procedure volume, appointment calendars, and increased patient inquiries for elective procedures.
 For our international doctors, Q1 case volume of 20,000 cases increased 2% sequentially, bucking typical seasonality in Europe, which tends to be down a bit in Q1 given that many practices close for extended winter holidays. Our core European countries which make up the majority of international revenue continue to perform well despite economic concerns. Growth this quarter was driven primarily by Italy and Spain and we are making progress in the UK where we are reestablishing growth.
 On a year-over-year basis international volumes increased over 23% reflecting growth across all core European countries as well as through our Invisalign distributors. We continue to make good progress with our distribution partners in the numerous smaller emerging country markets as their growth rates continue to outpace those of core Europe and North America. Continuing this progress requires us to integrate all our strategic initiatives, particularly technology and product innovation. The prevalence of more complex cases in an ever demanding and evermore demanding clinical environment outside North America increases the importance of key features in Invisalign G3 and G4 that are designed to make challenging tooth movements easier for doctors to achieve. We believe this type of product innovation should continue supporting growth in these geographies.
 This continued adoption growth across our customer base really shows up in our key Invisalign metrics of utilization and new customer training. Overall, utilization rates remain strong and continue to increase reflecting the positive effect of adoption of improved clinical features in G3 and G4. We are also on track with new doctor training which was down slightly in Q1 as expected, as we typically offer fewer CE-1 training courses during the first quarter of the year.
 Now I would like to provide a brief update on our continued progress with G3 and G4 and the very important teenage orthodontic market as we head into the busy summer months. In October we launched Invisalign G4, our next generation of clinical and product innovation. New and improved SmartForce features in G4 help doctors achieve even better clinical results in more difficult clinical situations, including treatment for open bite cases which is really gaining traction with our doctors. G4 expands on the success of G3 which introduced new aligner and software features to make it easier to use Invisalign when treating Class 2 and Class 3 patients.
 Customer response to G4 features has been very positive. To more fully make this point I will share some new findings from a recent quantitative survey we did, covering over 1,300 North American doctors. The findings clearly indicate that G4 is having a significant positive impact on doctor perceptions and usage of Invisalign in North America. The objective of this survey was to help us gauge doctor awareness of G4 features and benefits as well as the impact G4 is having on their perceptions in use of Invisalign.
 While we have a lot of feedback from both orthos and GPs, I will focus primarily on ortho responses as they are more likely to use and benefit from the features designed for complex treatments. These results included, awareness of G4 is high. Over 99% of preferred, premier and elite doctors, both ortho and GP are aware of G4. Doctors believe they will get better clinical outcomes because of G4 and are now more likely to Invisalign for complex cases. Specifically, 93% of elite and premier orthos, and 84% of preferred orthos believe G4 will help them achieve better clinical outcomes. And 80% of elite and premier orthos say, that because of G4, they will treat more complex cases with Invisalign then they would have treated in the past.
 And finally, these survey results indicate that the innovations in G4 are increasing doctors clinical competence with Invisalign and their likelihood to recommend Invisalign to patients. There is a lot of rich detail in this research which will inform our continuing product evolution strategy and gives us lots of confidence that our progress should continue.
 Now I will move on to the teenage orthodontics segments, which for us consists of teenagers 19 and younger using any Invisalign product. The teenage market is the largest segment orthodontic case starts and represents a great opportunity for us to continue taking share from existing wires and brackets case starts. In Q1, the total number of teenagers starting treatment with Invisalign products decreased slightly from Q4. Teenage cases grew sequentially among North American orthos but were offset by fewer starts among North American GPs and international doctors.
 On a year-over-year basis, teenage use of Invisalign increased 21%, and was up nicely across all customer channels, especially North American orthos which grew 26%. This is solid progress considering approximately 40% of teenage starts are initiated during the summer months. Overall, we are seeing orthos using Invisalign on teenage patients more often. In an additional piece of market research of over 500 customers, like the previous research I described a moment ago, we reaffirmed that increased utilization for teens among orthos was based on improved perceptions of Invisaligns clinical efficacy and our ability to create patient demand for Invisalign.
 A few key takeaways from this study include the following. 55% of orthos said they increased the use of Invisalign with teenage patients in 2011. 47% of orthos cited Invisaligns improved efficacy as the primary reason to why they increased their usage of Invisalign with teenage patients. 30% cited greater patient demand, respective patients asking for Invisalign by name as the primary reason why they increased their usage with teens. And finally, looking at the remainder of the year, 63% of orthos said they expect to increase usage of Invisalign among their teenage patient population.
 Use of the Invisalign teen product which is primarily targeted at younger teens, 11 to 15, and has specific features such as compliance indicators and eruption tabs to address the needs of younger patients, grew slightly sequentially and 25% year-over-year, positive indication of our continued progress. We are very pleased with our results in the teenager segment. It remains very competitive and its not easy to win share from the traditional wires and bracket suppliers, they still own most the case starts in this area.
 The clinical standard for excellent finishes is even higher for teenage patients then it is for adults. And doctors and parents are unwilling to make clinical trade-offs, which is both our greatest opportunity and challenge. That said, we are confident that we will continue to make steady progress increasing Invisalign share, especially among the teenage population.
 Now let's shift to our Invisalign consumer strategy. Our goal for this important series of initiatives is to raise awareness of Invisalign and Invisalign Teen as the best options for a healthy beautiful smile among adults as well as teens and their parents, particularly moms. On that basis, our consumer strategy supports continued share gain among the teenage segment as well as driving long-term category expansion of orthodontics, especially among adults.
 We were on TV for much of the Q1 with our ads focused on women along with complementary radio ads in key markets, as well as online media. In Q2, we will continue to focus on the adult audience using TV, radio and print and will also leverage our media placement to reach moms and teens ahead of the busy summer season for ortho case starts. Earlier this month we began airing our Twins TV commercial which will run for 14 weeks through August. It will be supplement by radio, digital and traditional PR and event marketing.
 On the public relations front, Invisalign was featured in the April issue of InStyle, one of the most popular womens lifestyle magazines. We are also focusing PR efforts on the release of our new consumer smile survey including media interviews with beauty and health experts. Finally, we are gearing up for the 2012 Disney Next BIG Thing Tour sponsored by Invisalign Teen. This is our second year working with a leader like Disney and has been a very successful partnership for us in terms of reaching teens and their parents at a local market level. This years tour kicks off in six cities starting in July so the Align team is looking forward to another successful summer with Disney.
 Generating consumer demand is important for sustained growth in North America as well as to build long-term brand equity. Increasingly, albeit on a small base, it is both strategically valuable and tactically useful to raise the level of our consumer efforts in Europe. Over the past few years, we have laying the foundation for direct-to-consumer advertising by helping customers in key markets get ready for increased consumer demand. This quarter we launched our first TV ad in Spain, focused primarily on Madrid and Barcelona, and expect to run through the end of this month. Similar to North America, the focus of our advertising is to raise awareness for Invisalign, principally among women, as the best option.
 Moving out to our scanner and CAD/CAM services segment. Q1 revenues for both was $11.8 million compared with $10 million in Q4. The sequential increase was primarily driven by increased scan fees in ortho CAD services. In addition, we recognized subscription revenue that had previously been deferred for the iTero dual scanner software upgrade that became available in January. The new iTero dual scanner allows multi-specialty practices to utilize one iTero scanner to service all their scanning needs including crown and bridge, implants and orthodontic treatments. Existing iTero customers who want to add the IOC orthodontic functionality can also upgrade their scanner software.
 As we come upon our one year anniversary of the Cadent acquisition next week, I am proud of our team and the integration of business milestones we have achieved. I would like to briefly recap our progress and update you on the key areas of focus going forward. Our goal from the beginning was to continue solid execution of the Invisalign business while managing through the Cadent acquisition and integration. As you can see from our results, the core Invisalign business remains very strong. 
 As we originally set up our products for integration, the key objectives were: One, to drive growth with Invisalign through interoperability with Cadent scanners and by using Cadent Intra Oral scanning systems as a platform for chairside Invisalign applications. Two, to accelerate adoption of intra oral scanning in dental practices through Aligns global sales and marketing reach and our large customer base. Three, to accelerate development and delivery of unique chair side digital tools for a range of procedures, such as real time Invisalign case treatment planning. And four, accelerate the key Cadent product and technology programs already underway. Overall, we are executing well and the majority of our goals and objectives are on track. In many ways we are ahead of our original key milestones. Interoperability for iTero and IOC is available in market. The Invisalign Outcome Simulator is in beta test mode and is expected to launch later this year.
 Additional chairside applications are in development and a whole series of scanner enabling technology is in the pipeline. At the same time, this progress has not been achieved without some challenges. Over the past year, we have been working to integrate the Cadent business into Aligns larger global infrastructure. Unfortunately, in the course of creating a more integrated business we have negatively impacted several important customer-facing functions like customer service, tech support, and even delivery schedules in some cases. We are disappointed to have inconvenienced our customers and their patients and are committed to getting that back on track.
 We continue to be very bullish about the scanner and CAD/CAM services business and the enormous opportunity for bringing digital technology and treatment to chair side, and helping to improve the practice of dentistry. And I will now turn the call over to Ken for a review of our Q1 financial results and I will see you in a minute or two. Ken. 
Kenneth Arola: Thanks, Tom. Before I get started, I'd like to remind everyone that there are several items we exclude from our GAAP results when we report non-GAAP results. These include acquisition and integration related costs, amortization of intangible assets and severance and benefits costs for the New Jersey consolidation. In my comments today I will not review the total dollars excluded for non-GAAP gross margin, operating expense and operating margin, and instead we refer you to our press release tables, reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP key financial metrics and the business outlook summary for a complete reconciliation.
 Now, lets review our first quarter financial results beginning with revenue. Q1 net revenue was a total of $135.1 million, which consisted of Invisalign revenue of $123.3 million and scanner CAD/CAM service revenue of $11.8 million. This is a sequential increase of 4.8% from $128.9 million in quarter four 2011, and a year-over-year increase of 28.8% from $104.9 million in Q1 2011. In Q1 Invisalign revenue of $123.3 million increased 3.7% compared to Q4 revenue of $118.9 million, and increased 17.6% compared to Q1 2011 revenue of $104.9 million.
 The sequential increase in Q1 revenue reflects increased North America ortho case volume, with international being up slightly and North America GPs being essentially flat from quarter four. This volume growth was partially offset by lower international ASPs driven by the successful uptake of our promotion targeted towards lower volume doctors in Europe and foreign exchange rates. On a year-over-year basis, Q1 Invisalign revenue growth was driven primarily by higher volumes across all customer channels. In Q1, scanner and CAD/CAM services revenue of $11.8 million increased from $10 million in quarter four and was driven by the CAD/CAM services with scanner revenues slightly up from quarter four.
 Now, moving on to gross margin and operating expenses. Q1 GAAP gross margin was $100.8 million or 74.6%, this compares to $95.6 million or 74.1% in quarter four and $82.2 million or 78.4% in the same quarter last year. Q1 GAAP gross margin for Invisalign was 79% and scanner and CAD/CAM services was 28.7%. This is compared to 78.7% and 20% respectively in quarter four. Non-GAAP gross margin for Q1 was $101.5 million or 75.1%. This compares to non-GAAP gross margin of $96.9 million or 74.9% in quarter four. There was no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for Q1 2011.
 For Invisalign, there was no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for Q1 2012 or Q1 and Q4 2011. For scanner and CAD/CAM services Q1 non-GAAP gross margin was 34.6% compared to 30% last quarter. The sequential increase in Q1 non-GAAP gross margin primarily reflects the increased Invisalign case volume which resulted in greater absorption of manufacturing costs. In addition, the scanner and CAD/CAM services segment also drove better than expected absorption of manufacturing costs.
 Q1 GAAP operating expense was $72.8 million and this compares to Q4 operating expense of $69.1 million and $61.2 million in the same quarter last year. Q1 non-GAAP operating expense was $71.1 million. And this compares to $66.9 million in Q4 and $59.7 million in the same quarter last year. As expected, the sequential increase in Q1 non-GAAP operating expense was primarily driven by increased media spend after being off air for much of the fourth quarter and as expected, annual increases in employee compensation and benefits programs.
 Q1 GAAP operating income was $28 million or 20.7% and this compares to GAAP operating income of $26.4 million or 20.5% in quarter four and $21 million or 20% in the same quarter a year ago. Q1 non-GAAP operating income was $30.3 million or 22.4%. This compares to $29.7 million or 23% in Q4 and $22.5 million or 21.5% in the same quarter last year. Q1 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.26 compared to $0.25 in quarter four and $0.20 in the same quarter last year. Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share on a diluted basis was $0.27 compared to $0.28 in Q4 and $0.21 in Q1 of last year.
 Now, moving on to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $257.2 million and this compares to $248.1 million at the end of 2011. In Q1, we generated roughly $15.4 million in cash from operations compared to $42 million in quarter four and $17.2 million in the same quarter last year. Q1 DSOs were 63 days compared to 64 days in Q4 and 63 days in the same quarter last year.
 As you may recall, last quarter we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program of up to $150 million. During Q1 we repurchased approximately 100,000 shares at an average price of $24.68 per share for a total of $2.5 million. We have $139.7 million remaining under the authorization.
 Now let's turn to our business outlook for Q2, 2012. As we come off a strong quarter one and enter quarter two, our Invisalign doctors in North America continue to report steady patient flow in their offices. In international the Invisalign business showed solid Q1 performance especially in Italy and Spain, and we have begun to restage growth in the U.K. For scanner and CAD/CAM services North America had a good start for the year and we anticipate building on this in quarter two.
 Internationally, we continue to see a more challenging environment for scanners and CAD/CAM services. With that as a backdrop we expect Q2 revenues to be in a range of $140.2 million to $143.7 million. Invisalign's case volume is expected to be in a range of 91.3 to 93.3 thousand cases, year-over-year an increase of 20.1% to 22.7% when compared to Q2, 2011.
 Let's move on to gross margin. We expect Q2 GAAP gross margin to be in a range of 73.5% to 74.2% and we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be in a range of 73.8% to 74.5%. The expected sequential decrease in non-GAAP gross margin reflects a full quarter of depreciation associated with bringing our new facility in Juarez online and we will be training more doctors in Q2. Remember, training revenues carry virtually no gross margin.
 In Q2 we expect GAAP operating expense to be in a range of $74.8 million to $76.3 million. We expect Q2 non-GAAP operating expense to be in a range of $73.5 million to $75 million. This sequential increase in non-GAAP operating expense reflects increase in TV media spend as we get in front of the teenage summer rush, continued international investments, and our participation in a number of dental conferences including the upcoming AAO meeting.
 We expect Q2 GAAP operating margin to be in a range of 20.1% to 21.1% and GAAP earnings per share to be in a range of $0.25 to $0.27. We expect Q2 non-GAAP operating margins to be in a range of 21.3% to 22.3% and non-GAAP earnings per share to be in a range of $0.26 to $0.28. In Q2, we expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 25%. We expect diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 83 million and cash on hand to be in the range of $272 million to $280 million.
 With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Tom for some closing comments. 
Thomas Prescott: Thanks, Ken. Well, it's a great feeling to get 2012 started off with such a strong quarter. It's also very gratifying to see our hard work pay off in the form of great results for our customers and their patients, as well as our shareholders, employees and business partners. While proud of these accomplishments, I am mindful of the importance of continued focus and effort on execution of our strategies and plans so that we can continue on our path to become a leader in orthodontics and digital dentistry.
 We fully intend to use this momentum as we head into a business time of the year with our major orthodontic industry trade-show AAO, here in a week or so; a series of other dental conferences; forums around the country; a busy training calendar both in North America and Europe; and in short, it's a great time to be out with our customers.
 In addition, we're on track to bring further new products, technology and key initiatives to the market over the summer months and we'll build on our highly successful consumer marketing programs. This team is focused on execution of a winning strategy, committed to delivering on these results and passionate about bringing positive changes to this industry. We continue to set tough goals and I look forward to sharing more of our progress towards them during our call this time next quarter.
 And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for some questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. 
S. Brandon Couillard: Ken or Tom, could you speak to the second quarter revenue guidance? It appears to assume, at least from a case volume perspective, a little bit stronger sequential growth from the first quarter to the second than we have seen historically. Anything else underlying the strength there whether its international or in the U.S. that maybe stronger than usual? 
Kenneth Arola: I guess what I would point to is that some of the comments we just made which has to do with the clinical innovation in the products to get doctors to use the products more frequently in the practice and recommend it more frequently. That coupled with the fact that patient flow seems to be there and pretty steady in the doctors offices. Its certainly contributing to that overall volume as well. And if you go over to Europe, weve certainly seen, coming off a strong fourth quarter, Europe had a very strong first quarter even though it was only slightly up typically they are down. And we see the U.K. starting to resurge there a bit as well. So, I dont know, Tom, anything else you want to add? 
Thomas Prescott: I think you covered it, Ken. 
S. Brandon Couillard: Thanks, that helpful. And then the Cadent demand appeared to be much healthier in the first quarter than sentiments seemed when we were here back in February. How do we think about the outlook for that business going into the second quarter? Can you quantify the impact of the deferred revenue booked in the first? 
Kenneth Arola: Yes. It was about $500,000 roughly that we took, it was purchase - came in as part of the purchase accounting that we did with the acquisition, and we had to deliver dual scanners to the doctors with that capability. And once we did, we had about $0.5 million of revenue deferred. There is  a little bit more coming in the next quarter or two as we continue to upgrade a few other systems out there in the field. 
Thomas Prescott: Brandon, just to pile on that, I think we are, as I said, we are bullish about this business over the long-term and notwithstanding some softness in Europe on capital. And then secondarily we see - were very early in the process for this whole segment, but we see real strong interest out there among potential buyers. It doesnt mean its going to turn on its head and grow like a rocket, it just means we see the opportunity to build an installed base and start to leverage that over time. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. 
Glen Santangelo: Tom, could you kind of comment a little bit on ASP in terms of what you saw this quarter? I think if I go back to your comments last quarter, I think you guys were expecting that the ASP would be down on a sequential basis and yet it was obviously a little bit stronger on a sequential basis. So Im kind of curious was it mix or was it less of the rebate program or was it something change with respect to FX? And then how should we think about that as we look out over the next quarter or two? 
Thomas Prescott: Im going to say yes and let Ken answer it. 
Kenneth Arola: Yes, this is Ken, I will respond to that. So, during the quarter here we saw a little bit of ASP in North America with -- we saw doctors overall increase in doing business with us. A number of doctors, so the base of doctors. Overall we thought we would see higher levels of rebates from all doctors in general. So the good thing is we saw more doctors participating in driving more volume in the business, but they were lower volume doctors this quarter as supposed to some of the higher volume doctors achieving high levels of rebate. So that had a favorable impact to ASPs. There were other miscellaneous discounting programs in North America that were probably a little favorable as well.
 On the international side, FX came in a little bit better than we were anticipating from an ASP perspective also. And then looking at quarter two, coming into quarter one, we are looking at FX rates around 1.28, 1.29 to the dollar for the euro. They seem to be a little more stable right now I guess, like 1.32, 1.33-ish range. So, we take into account where we think FX is going to go. And then the program I referred to has had an impact on ASPs in international, in my prepared comments had to do with a program we are running on a very focused basis in basically January and February to get lower volume doctors to utilize Invisalign more in their practice. And that was again targeted, its not going to be necessarily repeated every quarter. It was successful so the team is evaluating that. 
Glen Santangelo: So, Ken, just to follow-up, so it doesnt sound like, and I didnt get a chance to go back through all the different product lines in the back of the press release, but it sounds like it wasnt so much mix. It was more that there were less rebates that you had to payout versus kind of what you thought? 
Kenneth Arola: Thats correct. 
Thomas Prescott: Glen, this is probably, I think the largest number of docs participating we have ever had in our history, ortho in North America, GP North America as well as international. And as our customer base gets wider, it is mix in a way, its doctors that arent yet necessarily in advantage yet or arent participating at the same levels of advantage. So, on a total basis, more of the case volume and the shipments came from those doctors that were low volume customers. So, thats a positive ASP effect, not one thats simple for us to forecast. 
Glen Santangelo: Okay. And then, Ken, maybe if could just kind of follow up. I mean it seems like you backed off the share repurchase a little bit this quarter. What are you anticipating as you look out to the remainder of the year given the cash build you have? 
Kenneth Arola: So, at this point, Glen, I mean we look at it from an opportunistic point of view and when we feel that its right to buy in the marketplace, well be out there and Id probably just stop at that. 
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Glen. Next question please. 
Operator: Our next question is from line of John Kreger with William Blair. 
John Kreger: Could you just give us a little bit more of an update on the New Jersey consolidation progress for Cadent? 
Kenneth Arola: Sure. We are actually about mid-way through the transition here with our goal of being completed by the end of quarter three. We are making some good progress. We are on track with the various aspects of the transition. We are in the process of hiring folks down in Costa Rica as well as in Juarez for the transition and started the cross training. Weve actually started a while back as we manufactured a fair amount of volume for the restorative side of business out of Juarez this quarter that we just completed. So, things are on track and anticipating at the end of Q3 we should be able to complete the transition. 
John Kreger: Excellent. Thanks. And how about an update on the sales strategy across both your core products and Cadent? How have the sales force handled the second product line? Have you seen any signs of distractions there? 
Thomas Prescott: Well, as I said, our first criteria to our shareholders, our board was, dont take eye off the Invisalign ball, so I think thats the first place you should look to make sure we maintain focus on our game plan. The second is that we wanted to use the relationships we had with 20,000 plus customers in North America -- 25,000 customers in North America to at least introduce them to the idea for an intraoral scanner. Cadent had, I think, at the time of acquisition eight or nine reps, and weve more than doubled that now. But more importantly they are deployed in a way that has them working closely with each region for our Invisalign business. And so, instead of driving around demoing individual offices we use literally hundreds of Invisalign focused events, study clubs, workshops, training events in a very efficient way to introduce scanner and CAD/CAM services technology to GPs and orthos. Thats working very, very well.
 The Invisalign reps dont have quotas for scanners and scanner reps dont have quotas for Invisalign but we find little ways to -- little spiffs and stuff to keep them interested and more importantly they love kind of keeping score as a team. So, I think were still in the early days. Were just -- next week it will be a year in. But this is one area where were - what Id say were ahead of our original plans. I think over time as we are able to scale what Cadent had for OrthoCAD services and those kinds of things, then we can start putting effort into building out the suite of other orthodontics opportunities, the OrthoCAD products and elsewhere. Cadent was in a place where they really couldnt scale that business. They didnt have capacity and I think as we bring Juarez and Costa Rica resources online and get through a few growing pains here, well be able to think about how to drive not just scanner placement growth but the services around that. So, still very interested in doing that. 
John Kreger: Great. Thanks. And just one other question. Its been a few months since you launched the Express 10 product. Can you comment on the competitive traction that youre seeing there versus the new I think clear guide entrance. 
Thomas Prescott: We literally shipped our first Express 5 case at the end of January and feedback were getting is very, very positive from the docs. Its still small but its growing nicely. In general, were not seeing this to be so much of an entry level product. Instead its a more experienced customer that says I have a very, very mild malocclusion of space, a little bit of crowding. I can comfortably offer a very cost effective treatment to this patient that doesnt want comprehensive treatment or might have a very subtle relapse. And so thats more of the initial uptake. I guess I dont want to go into a lot of detail about how it lines up against Ormcos product offering. We have a lot of respect for Ormco as a company and well able to shout at each other next week at AAO. But I think were pretty comfortable with our overall offering with -- for any five stages you can get, we should be able to do more treatment than anybody else in the world. 
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, John. Next question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Matt Dolan with Roth Capital Partners. 
Matthew Dolan: So clearly, the numbers look great and this question partially depends on your sequential outlook for Cadent, but now that we have the first quarter results in hand, it would appear your guidance for Invisalign growth on a year-over-year basis is a little slower. So maybe you can comment, Tom, on what youre seeing in the environment there on a month-to-month basis throughout the year so far that leads you those Q2 numbers. Kind of following up on that earlier question about the sequential growth? 
Thomas Prescott: I guess maybe Ill ask Ken to jump in with a few details; Ill come back and maybe make a few overarching comments about specific guidance on Q2. 
Kenneth Arola: Yes, Matt, I guess my view of it is we are showing some I think pretty strong growth Q2 to Q2, 20% plus on a year-over-year basis. And coming off of a strong quarter one into quarter two and even sequential growth was stronger than normally where you might look back and see Invisalign volumes growing 5% or 6% sequentially. Guidance is more in that 7% to 9% range. So, from my perspective, again goes back to the technology, the clinical efficacy of the product now, and things we are doing on the advertising front going into the teen summer. Building up for the teenage case starts that start in the month of June basically and getting ahead of that and educating parents and moms and kids about Invisalign. So, from my perspective I think 20% growth is pretty respectable on a year-over-year basis. 
Matthew Dolan: Yes, okay. And thats kind of the first part of the question surrounding what Cadent was doing which we dont have, so, thank you. And then secondly on the operating expense side of things, it looks like last year your spend kind of came off in Q3. I know you have talked about entering into the Olympic season and so forth this year. Can you walk us through the pacing of spend into the back half of the year, what we should expect after Q2? Thanks. 
Kenneth Arola: Yes, let me just kind of frame it for you a little bit here. Last quarter we talked about adding in scanner sales force and weve got the scanner sales team fully up to speed and up and running now. So that it will level itself out as we move through the remainder of the year here unless we add in on a spot basis someone here and there. The Invisalign sales team will be looking at expanding a couple of characters as a business. It has grown pretty significantly. It got reps and territories that are twice the size of what they were several years ago. So, well have a few sales people who will be feathering into the business over the second half of the year. And the way with our advertising, we will be pretty heavy in Q2 here in advertising. Much more than we were in quarter one and in quarter three well keep relatively strong with our advertising and fall off more in the fourth quarter again. 
Thomas Prescott: Matt, just to pile on, with advance purchases and a much more integrated media platform than just TV and not in the old days having to buy remnants and spot, we are more buffered against a once every four year event like a summer Olympics. If I go back eight years or even four years, it was easy to displace us. We have a much more integrated program now and we are working with different kinds of programs like Disney, where we get access. So, certainly ad rates go up, and theyll go up at the end of the year with the election, but we have a much more integrated platform and we are a little more buffered against that effect. 
Matthew Dolan: So I guess just to clarify, the pattern we saw last year, should we not see that again this year? 
Kenneth Arola: So the couple items that occurred last year if you recall, Matt, were we got behind in some hiring in the summer months, and that impacted some of our spending in relation to some of the marketing programs that we are trying to accomplish over in Europe specifically. I think this year weve gotten back on track with some hiring like I had mentioned and I would hope that we dont get surprised on the short side of spending because we just havent added the right amount of people at the right timing. But its always a matter of finding the right person at the right time to bring on board. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. 
Steve Beuchaw: I wanted to drill down just a little bit on the number of users in the quarter and the growth of that base. The growth rate for that user base is, as far as I can tell, its at or near a historic high. But can you speak to the sustainability of that rate of growth of that user base? Can we see more double-digit growth over the balance of the year? 
Thomas Prescott: Yes, its a good question. We are not as -- thats a bit more of an outcome than a design criteria for us. Let me explain what I mean by that. The number we focus on a little more is new doctors trained and we have to work around when they want to be trained. We delivered CE1 training to interested new doctors at a time when theyre willing to travel and go for place for a weekend etcetera. So, for example, early in Q1 or late in Q4 not available, parts of the summer not available. So, every year we kind of budget, if you will, a number of courses and number of new doctors and then we market to them and sign them up and were on track with that in general. The second part of that is and then we train doctors in their dental schools or coming out of ortho departments or whatever.
 And then the second part of that is, how quickly were able to engage doctors to start doing cases and these lower volume doctors might be out of it for a couple of quarters and then come back in with two or three cases. So, in this case, there is two effects. One we can control which is the new doctor training and by pointing them towards Assist and giving them incentives to do more cases soon. Meaning we want them to get some repetitions and get to use the product, so theyll know how to do it. Thats working better and better. The docs that are coming back to the game are that their patients are asking about. Those are all positive things but we cant necessarily predict that as well as we can with new doctor starts.
 So, as true sustainability were going to get variability quarter-to-quarter. We worry less about that and more about the core utilization in the repeat customers that we have and those are all going in the right direction. So, all these newer doctors and less involved doctors for us, thats just gravy. Its wonderful. Well take it and now were going to build and implement them. 
Steve Beuchaw: Thats really helpful. Thanks, Tom. And then one question on the broader dental markets in the quarter. I mean, thinking about this very broadly, outside of just the clear aligner space. I wonder if you could spend a little bit more time on your views on patient flows in dentistry in the U.S. And I ask the question because one of the major dental players last week gave a more conservative view of the volume picture there. So any color you could give that would help reconcile the comments would be really helpful? Thanks, everyone. 
Thomas Prescott: Sure. Well, weve referenced a series of things, two of which are proprietary, one is available out there with a third party. The third party piece thats available out there talked about you have both. Dentists will be the first to admit they arent the best forecasters in the world. But the way to get at that is to look at their calendars and their schedule books, their appointments and then the actual volume of procedures theyre seeing against, say, a period a year ago or a quarter ago. And when those elements collectively are positive, their attitudes are fundamentally different. And thats probably the most important secular trend for us in dentistry is, are customers or the doctors more confident that their business is going in the right direction. The patients are coming in and theyre more amenable to considering higher value procedures.
 All of the indicators were seeing, these arent sharp lift, but theyre directionally up and thats all a good thing. And the reason why there is more leverage for us there compared to say more of the traditional consumables players, is that it doesnt take much of a move around attitude for the dentists and their practice to be much more comfortable. The patients are already there, but for them to be much more comfortable in offering these higher value procedures. And so, again, the first secular trend we watch is relative attitudes and outlook and confidence about the future state. We know that our GP dentists and our orthos will be more likely to offer higher value procedures like Invisalign if their attitudes are positive. And its just the opposite on the downside. Again small changes, up or down, have a pretty big impact the way they behave.
 So, again, I think well know more. Well get a re-through when DENTSPLY reports, when [Pedersen & Shine] reports. We arent the proxy for broad dentistry, but again we are extremely underpenetrated and the first trend for us especially among our dentists is when they have positive attitudes about the quarter ahead, the year ahead, and thats what gives them the most confidence to move forward. 
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Steve. Next question please. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Spencer Nam with ThinkEquity. 
Spencer Nam: Just have two quick questions for you guys. First one is, if we didnt have G3 and G4, I know thats a hypothetical situation as you guys have those, how would the Invisalign, the original if you will, would the case volume would look like year-over-year? How would you characterize that volume growth if there is any? 
Thomas Prescott: I guess I am just thinking about the best way to deal with it hypothetically. Hypothetically, we had a basis for looking at growth years ago and the reasons why doctors didnt do certain cases was because they didnt think they could get the right finishes. Removing those reasons by giving them the ability to get those -- treat those more complex cases, get those finishes, is exactly whats driving utilization growth. So I guess if you look back three, four, five years and say, while there is still an appetite for consumers and patients there were good reasons for practices not to do more complex cases and we were taking those down. So G3 and G4 are the latest, there is going to be a lot more of that to come and we intend to be a brutally efficient competitor here at bringing technology like this forward. 
Spencer Nam: So, are you seeing, still seeing increased growth in the regular Invisalign cases relative to previous year? 
Thomas Prescott: Well, yes. Ill remind you Spencer that G3 and G4 is embedded completely into every product whether its Express 5 or whether its Teen or whether its Full or Assist. And so, the question came up earlier about competitive pressure with another product is, for any length of treatment we are going to bring the best technology possible, which should give you the most movement per stage, the most predictable case, the best finish. So, we literally have, we want our best technology, G4, G5, whatevers coming next, into every single case. Thats whats creating greater predictability. Thats whats giving confidence to docs, and thats whats leading to increased utilization. 
Spencer Nam: I see. Thats helpful. And then just a second quick question. Any update on China, kind of where its at, what kind of stage you guys are in terms of pushing the product through the markets out there? Any update would be great. 
Thomas Prescott: Sure. Ill keep it simple. China is one of the few countries we think, individual countries that offers the same kind of size potential as say the U.S. does. So we are taking a very, very thoughtful, careful approach to building the right base. Ensuring that our research and clinical education, partners at the major universities there are treating a lot of cases and getting that case experience. By definition there are much more complex cases and many of them are two, two and a half years long or more. And as we get that foundation built over the next year or two, I think we are going to be in a position to step on the gas a little bit, but we believe this will be a contributor to growth in the mid to long-term not in the near-term. But again, we are taking a thoughtful and very organized and disciplined approach to building the business there. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Block with SunTrust. 
Jonathan Block: Maybe the first one, just on gross margin. I think your Invisalign gross margin of 79% I believe was the highest, I dont know, in the companys history, but maybe the past four or five years. So, if you can give some comments there. You are doing more complex cases, you think that would be more aligners and maybe somewhat cap the margin, yet we see it continue to trend higher. Where do these go or can you talk directionally once you conclude most of the ongoing initiatives thats taking place in Juarez right now? Thanks. 
Kenneth Arola: Yes, Jon, this is Ken. So, one of the biggest factors here really of overall gross margin is the volume of the product going through the factory. As we are doing more complex cases, you may have a few aligners per case of an increase but that gets compensated when we saw the volume that went through the factory this past quarter, to actually drive gross margins up a bit here. And thats what you see in the business pretty routinely. If volumes move up pretty significantly in a quarter, were relatively fixed cost in the factory overall at least in the near term. So, you see the leverage on that showing up right away in the P&L. And on an ongoing basis, Jon, I would say the operation guys -- they are continuously looking for ways to optimize the manufacturing process, continue to get costs out. Theyve obviously done a great job over the last four or five years, but there is still more opportunity. 
Jonathan Block: Okay. And then just my follow-up question there. Ken, well just to be sure Im making sure that Im understanding it correctly. There are duplicative costs right now that youre carrying in your non-GAAP gross margin from the Juarez initiative. Is that correct? 
Kenneth Arola: Thats correct. We still have people in New Jersey and we still have -- I mean were hiring people in Juarez and in Costa Rica for that transition. We have duplicative costs not only in people but in facilities costs. 
Thomas Prescott: And the same thing for Invisalign. Yes. 
Jonathan Block: Okay. Great. And then maybe just to shift gears for a second. You just talked to China and still think about that as longer term but youve done a great job ramping a lot of your trained doctors in the various EMEA countries. And maybe if you can speak to whats going on over there, how thats been ramping up and even if you can provide us with maybe an EMEA growth rate or Europe versus non-Europe growth rate would be very helpful? Thanks, guys. 
Thomas Prescott: So just to play it back, make sure I got the question. Youre passing China, youre wanting to go look at Europe versus our distributor geographies specifically? 
Jonathan Block: Exactly. I want to know whats going on from a case volume perspective. I mean youve gone from just a handful of trained docs, I got to look at my file, but 400, 500 trained docs in EMEA over the past several months. So, how do you see that business evolving over the next 12 to 24 months? Thanks. 
Thomas Prescott: Well, first of all, not just EMEA, we are just starting with an existing business and ramping up in Russia and other places. But we expect Asia-Pacific has basically been outstripping all of them to continue to grow very nicely. Weve got critical mass in a whole set of countries and we expect that to continue. Their volume is growing faster than even Europes volume or North Americas. So, in general between the three of them Asia-Pacific, Latin America and EMEA, we expect collectively the volume to grow to outstrip by a little or a lot what we are seeing in Europe which is healthy.
 So, if you just lay that line out five years, we would say that the non-direct volume outside U.S. is going to continue to take a larger piece of the total volumes and we expect - but we expect net order distributor rates to grow faster than international than U.S., and yet all of them collectively are growing pretty nicely. So, we dont see a reason why that would continue, part of that is new doctor training. But Ill remind you that a lot of that is the cases that get treated outside the U.S. are generally far more complex than what gets treated in the U.S. In Asia specifically and parts of Europe we are dealing with far more complex facial, structural change and Class II and Class III cases. So the G3, G4 etcetera really plays to that. Thats part of whats helping us pick up incremental volume. 
Jonathan Block: Okay. So the follow-up to that one will just be real quick. Over the next one to two years think about more of distributor impact on incremental from an international standpoint, China would be more a year, two-year, three and beyond? 
Thomas Prescott: I think what you are seeing right now is exactly what you should expect in the nearer term. The volume growing faster and certainly with the discount that revenue grows a little slower, but volume growing faster in distributor geographies and then Europe growing faster. I think we are going to restage growth in Europe as we are already seeing and then North America continuing to do pretty darn well. So, its high quality problems. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeffrey Warshauer with Sidoti & Company. 
Jeffrey Warshauer: I was just hoping you guys could add a little more color to your international scanner revenue, looking at the first two quarters you had the business versus the last two? 
Kenneth Arola: Well, the scanner business, we have - as far as volume is concerned we are continuing to work through our third party distributors Straumann with them. And like we said last quarter, we are working with them to try to get growth going again in Europe with scanners. On the services side of the business, it has been a little bit slower as well last couple of quarters. And that has to do combination with the economy and also just a fact that scanner placements are a bit slower in Europe then they have been in North America. Where North America we have been right on track with our -- maybe even ahead of our view of whats going on with scanner placements in North America and getting some good traction with the sales force. 
Thomas Prescott: I would maybe amplify that a little bit. The network of labs and the services flow around a scanner, many of the scanners we have sold to this date at this point have been orthodontically focused in Europe, and the lab infrastructure is different country by country and its certainly different from the North American. So, we think the stream of services around the scanner varies. It can be maximized in North America and some European countries. In other countries, the same lab opportunities dont exist. So, Id say that part of the reason why we put most of the focus on go to market initiatives and bundling initiatives was directly for that reason in North America.
 For every installed base unit in a GPs office there are more opportunities to drive value to help the dentists office drive productivity and for us to get rewarded for that by getting some more revenue and margin out of it, in North America versus other geographies. Thats still where most of our effort it is. We are very supportive in working with our partner Straumann through in a difficult environment to place more capital, but also mindful that the services stream around those scanners is a bit lighter. And as we scale the business better on the former Cadent side, we think we will be able to grow the services side which is a bit of a perpetuity over time, even faster. But as I said, we are coming up on year one here and weve got a lot more work to do. 
Jeffrey Warshauer: And looking at just Q1 Cadent revenue, the deferred revenue aside, how much of that do you think was pushed out from Q4? 
Thomas Prescott: You mean decisions to defer capital purchase? 
Jeffrey Warshauer: Correct. 
Thomas Prescott: Well, I dont know. Its too early. I think wed have false precision calling that. We dont get great information from a customer if they decided to close and take possession in January or February versus November or December. Maybe weve been at this for a while longer well have a better view of that, but I dont know that wed have any commentary on it at this point. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jose Haresco with JMP Securities. 
Jose Haresco: Firstly, I think a very good quarter. Secondly could you give us a sense for where you think you guys are in terms of having penetrated the teenage market with Invisalign team. I know you talk about Invisalign as a teenagers who are using those lines. But particular around Teen as a product and where do you think got to go on penetrating that market right now? 
Thomas Prescott: Well in terms of units the numbers we use have pretty been consistent. And again once we waterfall out the cases that are too complex for us to even to be in the discussion for or the younger kids where we come back with a unit share of around 3% for Teen worldwide. So we really view that we have a lot of headroom for growth there for Teen. This is probably the reason for the focus. 
Jose Haresco: Sure, can you break that 3% U.S. versus O-U.S.? 
Thomas Prescott: Its more -- today, its more U.S. then not. And again we are disadvantaged a bit more O-U.S., because in many of those countries there are formal reimbursement programs, which only reimburse brackets and wires or traditional treatments. Some of those are going away over time, but again I think the 3% in terms of unit share is a number that we always get to. 
Jose Haresco: Okay. Talking about some of the advertising spend and you continue to work with Disney. We have seen your advertising get a lot more effective since the product first launched. So could you kind of walk us through whats working for you out there in terms of across all your marketing efforts? And where have you seen the need perhaps to recalibrate what you are doing and who youre marketing too, with regards to the teenage market and driving demand there? 
Thomas Prescott: So I think you have seen us adjust over the last year or two, maybe two years. As few years ago in terms of events, in terms of which is part of our platform, in terms of ads we were, based on some research, were going much more after the Teen as decision maker, and the fact is for this purchase, for many purchases teens arent decision-makers. For this purchase, mom typically is still the decision maker. And so, we are advertising to moms and teens and that changes your tone on a lot of things. Along the way, we can still advertise to mom, appeal to her own interest in having a better smile and also position Teen. So thats one adjustment and that plays out through a lot of different programs and a lot of different approaches and pieces of the mix.
 Secondly, we are far more balanced. If I go back three years, certainly five years, we were much more push versus pull. We have a very complementary and balanced mix of PR and traditional advertising and radio and optimized search and social media and a whole range of other tools that allows us to make this sum more effective than the parts. Five years ago we were pretty much media and now we even have some high end print and all those things together. So, for every incremental dollar we can get a bigger kick than we would if we were just using one part of the platform. And then finally, we track this internally for cost per lead, cost per qualified lead, conversion rates and all that, and all those elements continue to get better and better. With advertising and marketing you always know youre leaving money on the table, but our net effectiveness continues to get a lot better. 
Shirley Stacy: Operator, we will take one last question, please. 
Operator: Certainly. The next question is from the line of Jeffrey Matthews with Ram Partners. 
Jeffrey Matthews: So, what do you ascribe the pickup in low volume doctors last quarter? Is it something you have done to the -- what you have done to the product or is it more about Invisalign becoming a standard of care or is it random noise or something else? 
Thomas Prescott: I hope its not random noise. I think its a set of things Jeff. Someone asked a question earlier about primary demand. What we do know is that when the fundamental conditions get better in dentistry, it really helps us. And maybe the way I would say this is, when things are lousy we do better than most. When things are good we do better than most. Thats an okay kind of outcome for us. But in this case especially with GPs, if you saw the number of say lower volume GPs that came in, they are having the confidence to come in and start cases that if they bring up this topic, their hygiene staff, the doctor if their patients are more willing to engage with them in that idea about treatment, or if patients raise the topic with them they are more comfortable moving forward.
 Second thing is, and we hear this from some of our research, is that when the orthodontist -- years ago, when the orthodontist said, Invisalign doesnt really work, it really -- there is a negative halo effect for the GPs that took years to dig out of that. Orthos, even those orthos that dont choose to do much with us are saying, this product is actually really working. I am not sure its for me, this thing actually really works. I am amazed with what I am seeing. That has a huge positive halo effect for a GP that mostly worries about messing something up and losing a patient.
 So, I think - and then the third thing is, we have had a lot of recommitment to more training and webinars and our low volume, medium and high volume customers, orthos and GPs, are all very aware of the technology and they are becoming more comfortable that this is a very predictable product to use. Its still very technique sensitive, but I just think those things together are taking us to the right direction. 
Jeffrey Matthews: Great. Thanks. And then, it has been a year since the Cadent deal was announced and two questions related to that. One, is you identified some customer-facing issues at Cadent that cropped up as a result of the integration. Has Cadent been hurt by those and what are you doing about it? And then related to that, its been a year since the deal, and if anything, the move to digital seems to be more compelling now than it might have looked back then. What has surprised you about the deal, positively or negatively? 
Thomas Prescott: Well, let me take the negative first because we came to a logical -- first of all we decided to fully integrate this business, not run it as a standalone business. It was too much like us and they did such terrific things and we had such complementary skills. We were kind of landlocked. We didnt have any more capacity to put milling and customer support and tech support in New Jersey, and given the opportunity we decided to accelerate moving all of that to Juarez or to Costa Rica. We gave the employees there a year notice and more in some cases in retention and thought this is how we would talk to our own employees if we were going to make a change. On the way we found as we were disconnecting some things, that we hadnt quite rebuilt capabilities in the new place yet. Not everything was documented and so I think in the areas of customer support and access to a skilled person to answer our question, and a few other things, we underperformed there. And I am being just brutally candid here that thats an opportunity for us to do better.
 Weve tripled the number of resources there. Weve got a great team in Costa Rica and Juarez, they are pulling that. And within a month or two I think were going to be well past that, moving past it. So, I think that was a little harder than we thought and there were some pieces we didnt understand as well as we could have. And in retrospect, if I had to play that back, we probably would have moved slower to make that happen. But again, I think if you do this a lot the risks of moving too slow are often greater of moving too fast. So, we erred on the side of moving fast. On the positive side, there are so many -- the acceleration weve actually had in the technology and product side, the impact from our small efforts by our large sales team and marketing teams with great relationships, weve been far more effective at moving scanners and placing scanners in the Invisalign base.
 And I think at a strategic level, we were a little afraid that we were ahead of the party too much. Our customers really get it. And I think as we start bringing on these tools that improve their work flow and make them more productive and feel like the patient, thats going to just start -- those things will start to be multiplicative. I think we are couple of months away from feeling the leverage for the Cadent customers and well get through it. Well, Im talking all of our lab customers and everybody else, but Im being brutally honest here. We can do better here and we are. But the rest of it is just so positive, were extremely excited about the long-term here. 
Shirley Stacy: Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming financial conferences and industry meetings. If you have any questions, please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-30 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Align Technology Q4 2011 earnings call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin. 
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Im Shirley Stacy, Senior Director of Corporate and Investor Communications. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and Ken Arola, Vice President and CFO.
 Before we begin, let me cover some housekeeping items. We issued our fourth quarter and fiscal year-end 2011 financial results press release today via Globe Newswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern time on February 6, 2012. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial (877) 660-6853 with account number 292, followed by pound and conference number 386750, followed by pound. International callers should dial (201) 612-7415 with the same account number and conference number.
  As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements about Align's future events, product outlook, and the expected financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2011. These forward looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail on our Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2011.
 These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates, and predictions as of today and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Please also note that this conference call we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. 
 Most of these items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and the reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures, where practical, are contained in todays financial results press release, which weve posted on our website at investor.aligntech.com under Financial Releases and have been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items.
 Weve also posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our fourth quarter conference call slides, on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information.
 With that, Id like to turn the call over to Align Technologys President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom? 
Thomas Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon everyone. On the call today, Ill briefly recap Q4 highlights, review our performance by product and customer channel, and update you on our strategic growth initiatives, including the activity and investments surrounding our scanner and CAD/CAM services business. Ken will discuss our Q4 financial results and outlook for Q1 in more detail and provide some qualitative commentary on how we view 2012. Ill come back and summarize a few key points and open the call up to questions.
 The fourth quarter was a strong finish to the year for Align, and were pleased to have delivered better than expected revenue and earnings, driven by increased Invisalign case volume and lower than projected operating expenses. We continue to see solid performance of Invisalign across all customer channels and believe that our continuing focus on Invisalign product evolution and market expansion is at the core of this progress.
 Ill start with an overview of key highlights for Invisalign, where our record Q4 Invisalign case volume of 82,600 cases increased 4.1% sequentially and 30.1% year-over-year. Like I said earlier, a strong finish to a good year.
 For North American GP dentists, Q4 case volume increased 6.4% from Q3 and 31% year-over-year to a record 33,100. During the quarter, we saw solid growth of Invisalign across our GP customer base, particularly with Invisalign Full and Assist.
  Results of our recent customer survey, which included 300 GP practices, show that GPs attribute increased use of Invisalign to better marketing of their practices, increased clinical confidence with Invisalign, and increased patient demand overall. The survey also found that overall satisfaction with Invisalign has increased among GP dentists over the past year, particularly among newly certified doctors. We believe this is due in part to the improved Invisalign doctor site and ClinTec software user interface launched with Invisalign G3, that has proven to be far more intuitive and easier to use.
  North American ortho case volume for Q4 was 29,890 cases, a slight decrease of a few hundred cases from Q3 as expected, due to normal seasonality in orthodontic case starts. Recall that more teenagers begin treatment in the summer than in the fall, and our North American ortho starts are typically down somewhat in Q4.
 On a year-over-year basis, Q4 ortho case volume increased 36.3%, reflecting increased penetration of Invisalign across our ortho customer base from all products. Since the launch of Invisalign G3 in October of 2010, we have continued to see strong growth among ortho customers. The customer survey I just referenced also included 200 orthos who attributed increased use of Invisalign to a number of factors, starting with higher patient demand created by our consumer advertising, along with clinical improvements that have resulted in improved predictability, delivering better outcomes and giving them increased confidence with Invisalign. This input is consistent with other feedback regarding Invisalign G3 that weve heard from customers all year. We believe the additional new features and innovations launched in Invisalign G4 will continue to build on the progress weve seen to-date with Invisalign G3 and help doctors gain greater confidence and achieve even better clinical results when treating more complex cases.
 On the international front, Q4 case volume of 19,600 cases increased 7.9% sequentially, driven by our core European countries. Specifically, we saw an uptick in Italy, France, and Spain as they rebounded from their seasonally slower Q3 summer period, while Germany and France continued solid growth. On a year-over-year basis, international case volume increased 20.3%, reflecting that good growth from Germany and France, which are benefiting from increased sales force coverage and marketing program investments over the past year. In addition, growth from our distribution partners in the Asia-Pacific, EMEA, and Latin American regions continues to outpace the rest of the world and contributed to strong year-over-year growth.
 Now lets review the key Invisalign metrics that measure our customer penetration: utilization rates, or what we call same-practice sales of our product; as well as the number of new doctors trained as we continue to grow our base of submitting practices.
 Overall, Q4 utilization increased to 4.1 cases per doctor. Utilization among North American GPs increased to 3 cases per doctor. Utilization among North American orthos decreased slightly to 7 cases per doctor, reflecting the seasonality in their teen case starts, and international doctor utilization increased slightly to 4.1 cases per doctor.
 During Q4 we trained a total of 1,925 new doctors, compared to 1,585 in Q3. In North America, we trained 955 new docs, an increase of 30% from last quarter, as we typically train more GPs after the summer months.
 Across our international geographies, we trained 970 new doctors, up from the 855 we trained in Q3. And of the newly trained international doctors in Q4, several hundred were trained by our distribution partners in anticipation of full commercial Invisalign launches in Russia and the Middle East. It also reflects our direct efforts to support the continued ramp in China by training some new doctors. 
  Ill now turn to an update on our key strategic initiatives and discuss progress in each area. To do that, Ill start with product and clinical innovation by providing a brief update on the launch of Invisalign Express 5. Ill touch on our continued progress in the teenage orthodontic segment using all Invisalign products, including Invisalign Teen, and increased use of Invisalign Assist with newly trained GPs. Ill also touch on our efforts to accelerate development for our scanner technology, including new software releases as well as some of the new offerings announced by Straumann and BIOMET 3i.
  Lets get that started with Invisalign. We recently announced Invisalign Express 5, a cost-effective treatment option for very minor crowding, spacing, or orthodontic relapse treatments requiring 5 or fewer stages of Invisalign aligners. We believe that many patients want to correct a little crowding or their minor malocclusions but dont actually pursue or accept treatment because they believe orthodontic treatment is too expensive for those minor corrections.
 Invisalign Express 5 gives doctors a new option for these patients, and unlike lab-based, manually produced aligners, Invisalign Express 5 has all of the cutting edge technology of Invisalign and delivers the benefits of straighter teeth at a price consistent with those minor fixes. Invisalign Express 5 is a shorter-duration option to Invisalign Express 10, and is available to our North American customers beginning this week for $549.
  This product ensures that Align can be a more complete competitor in clear aligner therapy by addressing a growing segment with a best-in-class product at a very competitive price. Since announcing Invisalign Express 5 in early January, initial feedback from customers has been very positive, and we are excited about the potential for Invisalign Express 5 in the market. 
 Now moving on to the teenage orthodontic segment, which for us consists of teenagers 19 and younger using any Invisalign product. Teenagers are still the largest segment of new orthodontic case starts, and they represent a great opportunity for us to continue taking share from existing wires and brackets case starts to increase our share of chair. 
 In Q4, the number of teenagers starting treatment with Invisalign products was 18,140, or 22% of total case volume, as compared to 20,170, or 25.4% of total case volume in Q3. As expected, teenage cases declined sequentially, reflecting normal seasonality in the orthodontic market. Q4 teenage case starts increased 32% year-over-year compared to 8% in Q4 last year.
 We had similar trends with the Invisalign Teen product this quarter, which declined sequentially but still grew 41% year-over-year to 9,805 cases. For the full year, total teenagers using Invisalign were 68,885, an increase of 18% from 2010. Overall, were very pleased with our results in the teenager segment. 
 Our estimates of current orthodontic market growth imply a low single-digit growth rate, and against that framework it appears we are continuing to gain share while helping the increased category growth over the long term. Were confident that well continue to make steady progress increasing Invisaligns share, especially among the teen population.
 Usage of Invisalign Assist, which is designed to help newly trained and lower-volume GPs gain confidence using Invisalign, continues to increase steadily as well. In Q4, Invisalign Assist case shipments were 5,695, an increase of 9% sequentially and 50% from the same quarter last year. 5-0. 50% from the same quarter last year.
  Our integrated consumer marketing platform combines traditional print and broadcast media with a balanced mix of PR, event marketing, and social media. The goal of this consumer platform is to raise awareness of Invisalign and Invisalign Teen as the best options for a healthy, beautiful smile among adults and teens. In addition, this platform enables us to help prospective patients find a great practice that can meet their needs. 
 One of the ways we measure progress on this front is through activity on our consumer website, where prospective patients can get more information and search for an Invisalign doctor in their area. In 2011, we had more than 4 million visits to invisalign.com, with a growing number of leads and ever-improving conversion to patient starts. In Q4, we continued building awareness and demand for Invisalign with this integrated platform, although with a significantly lower profile in TV advertising due to typically pre-holiday competition for airtime and consumer attention. 
 On a public relations front, Invisalign was featured in 2 of the nations most popular womens lifestyle magazines, Womens Day and Womens Health, in articles about best treatment options and age-proofing your smile. October provided an opportunity to reach more than 17 million consumer households by focusing on the benefits of Invisalign Teen in 2 Halloween tips and treats satellite media tours.
  On the digital and social media front, we continued our campaign to develop valuable online advocates and social media content through our Invisalign Mom advisory board and blogger events across North America, including a successful Invisalign Teen campaign targeting Canadian moms.
 As for event marketing, in December we wrapped up the Disneys Next Big Thing tour, sponsored by Invisalign Teen. The tour gave local doctors and Invisalign reps in each market the opportunity to engage with thousands of parents and kids at each event and created millions of media and online impressions through its related traditional PR and social media aspects.
 Moving forward into Q1, we are stepping up our media spend with national and cable TV advertising primarily focused on moms and teens, and expanding our presence in top markets with radio advertising to complement our TV ads.
 Turning now to international. Our continued growth in these geographies requires us to integrate all of our strategic initiatives, particularly technology and product innovation, which helps doctors treat more complex cases. In addition, we are very focused on enhancing the customer experience, sales effectiveness, and professional education programs across all our direct geographies.
  The good news here is that Europe and other regions are even more underpenetrated than North America for both Invisalign and orthodontic treatment, and the cases they treat are more complex. For that reason, we believe that Invisalign G3 and G4 will continue to support growth into these markets with those more-difficult cases.
 When we factor in the economic headwinds in Europe into these opportunities, it has motivated us to accelerate some of our planned evolution in sales coverage, sales and marketing efficiency, clinical education, and the Invisalign platform itself that we went through several years ago in the U.S. Were still early in this process, but are seeing positive signs of progress and are confident we can drive growth here.
 Outside of Europe, Japan continues to exhibit solid growth, albeit on a small base. In China, our newest direct country market, we continue to make progress on executing our strategy of working initially with the key opinion leaders and leading public and private doctors. To that end, the fourth quarter capped off a very successful inaugural year for Invisalign in China. During Q4, we hosted several well-attended Invisalign orthodontist lectures in the key hospitals for our 4 core target cities, and we held additional Invisalign training courses for opinion leaders and other key doctors. We also made advancements in getting Invisalign entered into the pricing system of major public hospitals. Finally, while still on a very small base, we received more initial and follow-on cases from early influential users.
  In Q1, well continue to focus on execution of our KOL-focused [ph]strategy and continue heavy clinical education and support for our practitioners. Overall, the level of interest and encouragement and engagement among doctors who are advocating for Invisalign is strong, and Ill keep you posted on our continued progress there.
 We also continue to expand our base internationally through entry into new countries using distribution partners to cover these smaller, but still very important, country markets of Asia-Pacific, EMEA, and Latin America. Collectively, they continue to make very good progress and represent 14% of international Invisalign revenue, with growth rates outpacing those of Europe and North America.
 We recently launched Invisalign in the Middle East and received regulatory approval in Russia, which we announced earlier this month. And on a smaller scale, we have good efforts going on in Brazil and Argentina, places that should be a good fit for the Invisalign value proposition, for both practitioners and patients. We have great opportunities in these other regions, and while individually these are smaller in scale, collectively they represent great long-term opportunity. And while were still far behind North America in terms of orthodontic and Invisalign penetration, it just means we have greater head room for future growth in all these geographies.
 Moving on to our scanner and CAD/CAM services products, Q4 revenues for both was $10 million, compared to $11.6 million in Q3. Q4 scanner sales were $5.2 million, compared to $5.4 million in Q3. Q4 CAD/CAM service sales were $4.7 million, compared to $6.2 million in Q3. The sequential decrease in Q4 revenue reflects lower than expected scanner sales in Europe based on lower procedure volume and lab activity as well as lower scanner-related CAD/CAM services.
 In North America, scanner sales continued to benefit from leveraging our sales and marketing resources, including Invisalign and industry events, to introduce scanners to our customers. We generated a lot of interest for iTero scanners at the American Dental Association meeting in Las Vegas in October as well as the Greater New York Dental Show at the end of November. Overall, we are doing better than our original expectations in North America but yet not enough to offset the softness in Europe.
 Part of the reason for that solid performance was our progress with the technology. In December, we announced a significant software enhancement for the iTero 3D scanning system using dental practices for a wide range of restorative dental procedures. The latest version of iTero software includes the Invisalign scanning protocol for full interoperability with Invisalign treatment, including links to the Invisalign doctors site and the Invisalign case gallery for patient education. It also includes the important enhancements to software tools that will help deliver faster, more accurate 3D impressions of the patients dentition and greater efficiency for iTero customers.
  The value proposition for inter-oral scanning for GP dentists remains compelling. As weve described before, GPs primarily do restorative work that makes up the majority of their day-to-day workflow. When it comes time for GPs to start an orthodontic case, they have to kind of switch gears to ortho mode. They stop what theyre doing in all the restorative work, and recalibrate their office and staff on a procedure they still do infrequently.
  To help make it easier for them, we are developing chair-side applications to run on our inter-oral scanning systems for use with Invisalign treatment. The goal is to enhance Invisalign case assessment and treatment planning by bringing digital tools chair-side in the practice. Providing real-time chair-side applications on our scanners will make it much easier for GPs to set up an Invisalign case, discuss the scope of treatment, and set expectations with the patient.
 During 2012, well start rolling out these chair-side applications to begin helping our lower-volume doctors integrate these tools into their practices in a way that complements their existing workflow in the office. Our first chair-side application is currently in beta testing with a small number of North American GPs. Well start to wrap up this beta test soon, and begin collecting and analyzing feedback in preparation for commercial launch this summer.
 Among our core Invisalign orthodontist customers, we are leveraging our direct sales force and also utilizing established customer events like our series of Invisalign regional ortho forums to help drive sales of iOC scanners. This is especially attractive for those ortho customers who are looking to differentiate their practices by further integrating digital technologies such as inter-oral scanners and replacing the cost and unpleasant experience of PVS impressions altogether.
 This trend toward accelerating digitization is very positive, as we have been one of the very few treatment modalities in dentistry that rely fully upon digital technologies. As the Invisalign process has improved for our customers, more and more initial Invisalign case submissions are transmitted to us on a digital basis, including digital records like x-rays and photos and treatment plans, except for the physical PVS impressions themselves. Approximately 80% of our incoming Invisalign case submissions now are fully digital, except for those PVS impressions, which patients consistently report as the worst part of their otherwise wonderful Invisalign experience. 
 Since making interoperability with Invisalign available on IOC in May, weve seen digital impressions begin to replace traditional PVS impressions among ortho practices with our scanner. In fact, of the 80% of the cases I just referenced, 6% of them now are fully digital and include that iOS digital impression instead of a PVS impression. This trend is positive for both Align and our customers, as they get their clin check and final cases faster, with less hassle for patients, and all reports to-date indicate aligner fit is even better.
 Straumann, our distribution partner in Europe, and BIOMET 3i, are both leaders in dental implants. They each provide custom dental implant abutment solutions on the iTero scanner, and because we have an open architecture platform, anyone can use what we call our STL files. That means that customers can export our STL digital files to any third-party lab of choice for additional restorative options.
 Weve entered into a limited market release for the Straumann implant analog digital workflow. This workflow allows oral surgeons, periodontists, and general dentists the ability to take an iTero scan of the Straumann scan body and utilize a stock Straumann repositionable analog and abutment to complete the restoration. This new digital workflow gives the clinician the open choice to utilize the Straumann digital workflow with custom in-stock abutments. We expect the analog workflow to be in general availability in the near future. Beyond these product initiatives, we continue to work with the Straumann team on restaging growth in their European territory.
  We are also continuing to actively collaborative with BIOMET 3i to support their Bella Tek Encode digital workflow with the iTero scanner. Our collaborative educational and marketing events are providing exciting opportunities for BIOMET 3i implant customers to adopt the new digital workflow with iTero. We expect this collaboration within our field sales and marketing teams to grow over the coming months with expansion of our iTero field sales teams.
 Ill now turn the call over to Ken for more detail on our fourth quarter financials and outlook for Q1, and Ill come back for a few closing remarks. Ken? 
Kenneth Arola: Thanks, Tom. Before I get started with the financial results, Id like to comment on a few items. First, to provide greater transparency to the underlying performance of Invisalign and the scanner and CAD/CAM services, beginning this quarter, we will include in our earnings release a breakdown of revenue and gross margin for both segments of the business. Second, Id like to remind everybody that for comparative purposes, our 2011 financial results include 8 months of scanner and CAD/CAM services.
  And finally, there are several items that we exclude from our GAAP results when we report non-GAAP results. For 2011, these include acquisition-related costs, amortization of intangible assets, integration costs, and severance and benefits costs for the New Jersey consolidation. 
 For our discussion today on the conference call, I will not review the total dollars excluded for non-GAAP gross margin, operating expenses, and operating margin, and instead will refer you to our press release tables, Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Key Financial Metrics and the Business Outlook Summary, for a complete reconciliation.
  Now lets review our fourth quarter financial results, beginning with revenue. Q4 net revenue was a total of $128.9 million, which consisted of Invisalign revenue of $118.9 million and scanner and CAD/CAM services revenue of $10 million. This is a sequential increase of 2.4% from $125.9 million in Q3 2011 and a year-over-year increase of 38.8% from $92.9 million in Q4 2010. 
 Q4 Invisalign revenue of $118.9 million increased 4.1% compared to Q3 revenue of $114.3 million, and increased 28% compared to Q4 2010 revenue of $92.9 million. The sequential increase in Q4 revenue reflects increased North American GP and international case volumes. This volume growth was partially offset by lower ASPs driven by foreign exchange rates as the dollar strengthened against the euro and increased Advantage rebates as a record number of doctors received rebates and are moving up in the program tiers. On a year-over-year basis, Q4 Invisalign revenue growth was driven primarily by higher volumes across all customer channels. In Q4, scanner and CAD/CAM services revenue of $10 million decreased slightly from $11.6 million in Q3.
  Moving on to gross margin and operating expenses. Q4 GAAP gross margin was $95.6 million or 74.1%. This compares to $92.4 million or 73.4% in Q3, and $71.8 million or 77.2% in the same quarter last year. Q4 GAAP gross margin for Invisalign was 78.7%, and scanner and CAD/CAM services was 20%. This compares to 78.6% and 21.5% respectively in Q3.
 Non-GAAP gross margin for quarter 4 was $96.6 million or 74.9%. This compares to non-GAAP gross margin of $93 million or 73.9%, in Q3, and there was no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for Q4 2010. For Invisalign, there was no difference between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin for quarter 4 and quarter 3 of 2011 and quarter 4 of 2010. 
 Q4 non-GAAP scanner and CAD/CAM services gross margin was 30% compared to 27.1% last quarter. The sequential increase in Q4 non-GAAP gross margin primarily reflects the increased case volume of Invisalign, which was partially offset by foreign exchange rates and Advantage rebates.
 Q4 GAAP operating expense was $69.1 million. This compares to GAAP operating expense of $66.1 million in quarter 3 and $57 million in the same quarter last year. Q4 non-GAAP operating expenses was $66.9 million. This compares to $63.8 million in quarter 3 and $55.7 million in the same quarter last year. The sequential increase in Q4 non-GAAP operating expense was primarily driven by the full quarters effect from additions to our sales force, including North American scanner sales headcount, the implementation of marketing programs in both North America and international, and costs to commercialize Invisalign G4.
 Q4 GAAP operating income was $26.4 million. This compares to GAAP operating income of $26.3 million in Q3 and $14.8 million in the same quarter a year ago. Q4 non-GAAP operating income was $29.7 million or 23%. This compares to $29.2 million or 23.2% in quarter 3, and $16 million or 17.2% in the same quarter last year.
 Q4 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.25 compared to $0.24 in Q3 and $0.13 in the same quarter last year. Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.28 compared to $0.27 in Q3 and $0.14 in Q4 of last year.
 Now lets move on to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $248.1 million. This is compared to $312.4 million at the end of 2010. In Q4, we generated roughly $42.3 million in cash from operations. This is compared to $41.6 million in Q3 and $32.5 million in the same quarter last year. In Q4, DSOs were 64 days compared to 62 days in Q3 and 63 days in the same quarter last year.
  As you may recall, last quarter we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program up to $150 million. At the end of quarter 4, we repurchased approximately 300,000 shares at an average price of $24 per share for a total of $7.8 million. We have $142.2 million remaining under the authorization. 
 Before I move on to the Q1 outlook, Id like to make a few comments on the fiscal year results. On a full-year basis, revenue was a record $479.7 million, up 23.9% compared to $387.1 million in 2010. Recall that 2010 included a one-time favorable impact of $14.3 million for previously deferred Teen revenues.
 Invisalign revenue of $451.7 million was up 16.7% year-over-year and reflects growth across all customer channels. Scanner and CAD/CAM services added $28 million for the 8 months of 2011. GAAP operating income for the year was $90.4 million, or 18.8% compared to $102.7 million or 26.5% in 2010.
 Non-GAAP operating income for the year was $104.7 million or 21.8%, compared to $85.1 million or 22.8% in 2010. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.83 for 2011 compared to $0.95 for 2010, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.97 compared to $0.80 in 2010. For the full year, we generated approximately $130.7 million in cash from operations, and this is compared to $120.5 million in 2010.
  Overall, we are pleased with the continued progress in the business and financial performance for the year. The solid non-GAAP operating margin of 21.8% reflects continued strong underlying performance of the Invisalign business while investing in the scanner and CAD/CAM services business to deliver long-term value. Despite a challenging economy in Europe and North America, we have continued our focus and execution of our strategic initiatives and demonstrated our ability to grow the top line. 
 Now lets move on to our business outlook for Q1 2012. 2012 is off to a good start, with patient flow in North America doctors offices remaining healthy. For Q1, we expect revenues to be in a range of $125.4 million to $127.9 million. The Invisalign case volume is expected to be in a range of 82,500 to 84,000 cases.
 Id like to take a moment here to point to a few factors that inform our view of quarter 1, as well as how to compare Q4 to the Q1 revenue projections. For Invisalign, the typical seasonality we see for both North America orthos and GPs is for case volume to increase sequentially. For international, Q4 is generally their strongest quarter and Q1 is typically down a bit, especially in Europe, with fewer in-office days for doctors due to holiday schedules. 
 In addition to these seasonal trends in the business, we expect recent movements in the euro to have downward pressure on international ASPs. Also, with continued progress in utilization growth, we expect to see higher levels of Advantage rebates in Q1.
 Finally, while customers in North America and Europe report steady patient flow in their offices, we continue to be thoughtful about near-term consumer sentiment and the potential impact on dental visits and high-value procedures like Invisalign, particularly in Europe.
 On the scanner and CAD/CAM services side of the business, while it is newer to us and we have not experienced a full annual cycle, Q4 is typically the strongest quarter for dentists and specialists to purchase capital equipment. As such, wed expect Q1 to be down sequentially. In addition, we continue to focus on how to restage growth in Europe and are working with our distribution partner to make that happen.
  Now lets move on to gross margin. We expect Q1 GAAP gross margin to be in a range of 72.1% to 73.3%, and we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be in a range of 72.7% to 73.9%. The benefits to gross margin from Invisalign case volume are expected to be offset by the anticipated impacts from foreign exchange rates and Advantage rebates just mentioned.
 In addition, we are continuing to incur transition costs in cost of goods sold and operating expenses as we move scanner and CAD/CAM services operations from New Jersey to Juarez and Costa Rica. In Q1, we expect GAAP operating expense to be in a range of $71.4 million to $72.7 million. We expect non-GAAP operating expenses to be in a range of $69.7 million to $71 million.
 The sequential increase in non-GAAP operating expense reflects increased media spend in Q1 after being off-air for much of the fourth quarter and annual increases in employee compensation and benefits programs.
  We expect Q1 GAAP operating margin to be in a range of 15.2% to 16.4% and GAAP earnings per share to be in a range of $0.17 to $0.19. We expect Q1 non-GAAP operating margin to be in a range of 17.1% to 18.4% and non-GAAP earnings per share to be in a range of $0.19 to $0.21.
 In Q1, we expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 26%, diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 81 million, and cash on hand to be in the range of $250 million to $255 million, excluding any stock repurchases during the quarter.
 Now Id like to transition to provide some directional comments and perspective on the full year 2012. From a revenue perspective, we plan on continuing to execute on our Invisalign and scanner and CAD/CAM services strategy. We believe the evolution of the Invisalign product platform, including Invisalign G4 and Invisalign Express 5, we will continue to make progress in adoption growth and drive Invisalign volumes and share gains during the year.
 We anticipate this expected increase in adoption and utilization will lead to higher levels of participation in the Advantage rebate program. We also believe well be facing stronger headwinds from foreign exchange rates in 2012, which, along with increasing Advantage rebates, will impact ASPs.
 Weve also been implementing an aggressive plan to enhance our scanner and CAD/CAM services business. As part of that plan, we have now completed the hiring of the North American scanner sales team and delivered Invisalign interoperability for the IOC and iTero scanners. We believe scanner sales in North America will continue to be solid, and as Ive already described, expect Europe to be off a bit.
 Moving on to gross margin. As mentioned, we are in the midst of moving the scanner and CAD/CAM services operations from New Jersey to Juarez and Costa Rica, and will be incurring transition costs and cost of goods sold and operating expenses now through the third quarter of 2012. Until we complete the New Jersey consolidation and the move of the aligner fabrications to our new facility in Juarez, we would expect gross margin to remain at the lower end, or slightly below, our long-term range of 73% to 78%.
 In addition, other elements that can impact our gross margin structure, either positive or negative, are significant shifts in Invisalign case volume quarter-to-quarter; movements in foreign exchange rates, particularly the euro; and levels of Advantage rebates and promotional discounts obtained by our customers.
 Turning to operating expenses. We expect some quarterly fluctuation from the Q1 levels during the year due to timing and amounts of spend relative to consumer marketing, international expansion, our R&D investments, product commercialization efforts, and significant trade show and industry events.
 In summary, we believe we can continue to drive Invisalign volumes and adoption growth to build this business. Were pleased with the better-than-expected progress in scanner and CAD/CAM services in North America, but its not enough to offset softness in Europe for now. Against that, with this exciting business, we remain committed to investing strategically in the same areas where you saw us deliver value in 2011. And to put a finer point on it, as we complete the transition out of New Jersey and bring up our new manufacturing facility in Juarez, we would expect operating margins to return to the low 20% range in the second half of 2012.
 With that, Ill now turn the call back over to Tom for some closing comments. 
Thomas Prescott: Thanks, Ken. Well, overall, Im very pleased with our results this past year. The strong performance is the result of good execution of our plans and strategies, and Im extremely proud of the Align team that worked so hard to deliver these results.
 We had many significant accomplishments in 2011, including the acquisition of Cadent Holdings, followed shortly after by the introduction of interoperability with Invisalign on both the IOC and iTero scanners as well as other improvements. 
 When we put together the strategic rationale for the Cadent acquisition, we believed that Invisalign interoperability on iOS scanners would improve utilization, and while its still very early, were already starting to see greater Invisalign case utilization among our busier orthodontist IOC scanner users. In fact, while on a small base, those practices are up more than all of the other orthodontist offices by about 10%. And on the GP side, Invisalign interoperability became available on the iTero scanner last month. Once its more broadly in use across our installed base, we should get a better read on the leverage we can expect to see for Invisalign cases going forward.
  These early results are more positive than we expected, especially since chair-side applications arent available yet. These early trends in this positive direction reinforces our confidence in our strategic direction as well as our long-term growth rate targets.
 2011 also represented the biggest evolution in the Invisalign platforms history with the rollout of Invisalign G3 internationally, launch of Invisalign G4 worldwide, as well as the introduction of Invisalign Teen and Vivera retainers in Japan. We also continued to gain share in the very important teen orthodontic segment in existing markets while expanding into new geographies including China, Turkey, the Middle East, and Russia.
 Finally, we continue to make progress in establishing the Invisalign brand more strongly among dental practices and consumers alike. Invisalign has become one of the most recognizable brands in dentistry, and while were still in the early stages of our growth, were well on the way to establishing Invisalign as one of the more valuable product franchises in dentistry or devices.
 All in all, one of the most outstanding years of overall performance in the companys history. And as I said before, Im really proud of the Align team that delivered these results and Im very thankful to our customers and their patients that have allowed us to be part of that treatment.
 Now were off and running in 2012, and over the past few weeks, Ive been on the road meeting with our domestic and international teams. Our gang is optimistic about recent trends in volumes and believes well continue solid execution of our current plans. Well also continue to focus on our top priorities and actively manage the business while making appropriate investments to support these strategic initiatives.
 With all the signs of progress in this business, Im confident that these are the right drivers for continued growth. Im also confident that well make progress in operating profitability as we go through the year and look forward to sharing that with you as the year unfolds.
 And with that, Ill turn it back to the operator for some questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matt Dolan with Roth Capital Partners. 
Matthew Dolan: First question, Tom, maybe on general environment. It looks like Invisalign has been accelerating over the last 2 quarters in terms of its year-over-year growth rate as opposed to Cadent now here in Q4 showing some softness in Europe. What are you seeing generally in your business? Are you seeing kind of an inflection point in the Invisalign business and Cadent is something thats company-specific, just needs to be kind of managed through? Or how should we think about what weve seen in the last 2 quarters? 
Thomas Prescott: Let me break those into 2 pieces. First of all, were pretty excited with where our business is in general. We like our problems. The Invisalign business continues to evolve. I dont know that theres an inflection point there, but we continue to make progress. And I think youve seen if we get the product evolution right, and provide the right support, and can create demand for these doctors, theyll take advantage of that. So over time, wed expect to see continued adoption. It looks differently among orthos and GPs, but wed expect to see that continue and then play out differently around the world. On the Cadent side, certainly this is our first year of owning this business. As Ken said, we have not been through the full cycle. Again, it was a young company without a lot of resources, and we had to move quickly to build a sales force in North America and we believe were getting really good traction there, again, leveraging a bigger Invisalign base. Were getting great traction in North America. That in itself hasnt been enough to offset softness in Europe, and its too soon for us to tell whether thats secular and wide in dentistry and the economy in general. But we are committed with our partner Straumann to restage that growth, and I guess thats where Id leave it. 
Matthew Dolan: And then, Ken, maybe on your operating margin commentary, weve gone through a couple quarters here where youve had similar thoughts. And now the margin actually comes in, in the low- to mid-20%, depending on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis. Could you just give us the outlook into 2012? Are these added expenses year-over-year? Or is most of the margin impact due to maybe a lower gross margin, and just trying to weigh that with some of the new things we have like legal and some of the marketing programs, et cetera. So just help us understand the moving parts there. 
Kenneth Arola: Sure, Matt. I guess Ill start with gross margin, which is the comment I made on the call here, which is that we think were going to continue to run at the lower end of the range, maybe slightly below. And thats going to certainly be dependent on Invisalign volumes as we go over the quarters here. But once we complete that transition, we should start seeing margins move up on the scanner side of the business in particular. And then also as we continue to fill out the new factory with volume as we move through 2013, well see that start to improve as well. On the operating expense side of the business, what we see with relation to the comment on employee compensation and benefits-related programs, each year in the quarter 1 timeframe we go through annual review cycles, salary adjustments, and those types of things, and benefits programs people get signed up for in the quarter 4 timeframe, about halfway through the quarter. And that starts taking effect in the New Year as well. So those are a bit of a step up in spending on a year-over-year basis. And then in the consumer marketing area, we were off quite a bit in quarter 4 with the holiday season, off air. And when you come into quarter 1 here, were actually stepping up our advertising. We typically do in quarter 1 off of quarter 4. And I guess the other comment Id make on media spending is this past year we stepped it up in quarter 2 and quarter 3 with the teen season. And I would expect this year wed do something very similar to that, probably the only difference being working around the Olympics a bit. Well probably be a little heavier on spending in quarter 2 in relation to some of the media, and maybe more so than we had in the past. But well be looking at that to drive teenage case starts as we move through the summer months. 
Matthew Dolan: So just to clarify, if we hold gross margin constant for 2012, are you seeing leverage in the operating expense line, or are some of those examples you went through above and beyond the growth of what we should anticipate on the top line? 
Kenneth Arola: If you step back from it all, and you look at the top line growth on Invisalign on a quarterly basis here, and you look at where FX rates were a year ago even, or you look at where they were last quarter to this quarter, and what we see now coming in -- last quarter to this quarter being Q3 to Q4, and where they are coming into Q1, there certainly is an impact on top line, which is having some impacts on gross margin. Now as far as -- yes, we think well get some leverage in our spending. As Tom mentioned, were more efficient and effective in our advertising and lead generation. Well be feathering in a few headcount in the North America sales team on a smallish basis, to look at supporting the continued growth. But I believe, as we move through the year, and you see top line continuing to grow, well start seeing the leverage again in the operating expense line. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. 
John Kreger: Just kind of coming back to the situation around Europe, from your comments, does it seem like your Invisalign shipments have really not been impacted yet in Europe, but the scanner shipments have? And if thats true, why do you think youre seeing the difference? 
Thomas Prescott: Well, let me -- this is Tom here, John. The businesses are really in 2 very different places. With our partner, literally, Cadent was just getting going with the relationship, with a very new technology and kind of getting early adopters going. With Invisalign, weve been at it for the better part of 10 years in Europe, and in the last several years have made substantial progress in gaining adoption support, et cetera. So I think you can take a snapshot, and these are technologies and products -- Invisaligns maybe in the second inning, third inning, and our scanner business is literally kind of -- theyre just still warming up. If I come back to whats going on there, difficult for us at this point to sort out the large secular trends in dentistry, given the very kind of early penetration of scanner technology, from general economy, to capital equipment purchasing. There are some signs that dentists and specialists are being conservative about capital spending and a variety of other things. And so we choose to believe that once we get ourselves organized properly and with the right product programs and support, we can even drive into a difficult economy. And we certainly see that with Invisalign. But again, we havent even had the scanner business for a full business cycle yet, and so again, Im going to lean back on what some of the larger dental companies are reporting around whats going on in Europe. For the Invisalign case, were pushing through that, although weve adjusted our game. Were even back to improving in the U.K. again. Several years ago, when Germany was down, we invested in coverage and approach, and so weve restaged growth in countries like Germany and France, even in this environment. So that may be a very long answer to your short question. We believe its possible to get that going again. But I dont know that Id say we have complete closure on all the issues behind restaging growth on the scanner side. But were working on it. 
John Kreger: Thats helpful. A quick follow-up. Are you seeing any change in the competitive landscape for scanners, and might that explain any of this? 
Thomas Prescott: Short answer is no. Theres a lot of people working on scanners. Theres very few releases and launches. Theres not volume being lost to other people. This is just very early in the evolution of technology so theres a lot of noise. I dont sense that thats the issue why people are not buying, or theyre buying more slowly. And again, capital equipment purchasing is very sensitive to that. But theres no new competitors, no X factors, that have worked into that market lately. Anything that was going to be coming out on the market was discussed during IDS, going on a year ago. And most of those launches have not happened at scale yet. So again, Id say its really more of a market dynamic than it is a competitive dynamic at this point. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. 
S. Brandon Couillard: Tom and/or Ken, if we look back last year when you announced the Cadent transaction, I believe you indicated you expected the deal to be accretive to non-GAAP EPS in 2012, and understanding some of the restructuring actions wont be completed until the second half, but do you still feel comfortable with that view? Or do you at least expect Cadent to achieve breakeven status in 2012? And then as a corollary, any chance youd be willing to give us the Cadent operating income or loss in the fourth quarter? 
Kenneth Arola: Yes, Brandon. This is Ken. Ill start it and maybe Tom can add to it, but -- so from a financial point of view, and you look at the business and where we are right now, as we said, were going to have to restage some of the growth in Europe here with our business partner, and that will probably take a little bit of time here. But overall, weve been investing pretty heavily in the Cadent business in the near-term here, to bring sales people on board and various marketing programs, and get the business moving. Weve had investments in relation to having interoperability with the IOC and iTero scanners and, as Tom mentioned, moving toward applications in chair-side. So were investing on the R&D side of the business. We think, as we continue to restage that growth, well start moving toward a level of profitability thats greater than what it is today. With that, I will say we did not track, inside the company specifically, operating margins for the scanner side of the business, though from a functional basis, all the organizations marketing, R&D, sales, et cetera, is fully integrated into the Invisalign business, which is why on a go-forward basis well be tracking gross margins and reporting them out to you. But below that, because theres a lot of cross-functional work that goes on across both sides of the business, were not going to be tracking that on a go-forward basis. So what I would say is that its probably going to take us a little bit longer to see the acquisition become accretive to us, but I think were making some great strides in the short term here over the last 6 months in getting things in place to do that. 
Thomas Prescott: Brandon, if I could bolt onto that a little bit, if we chose to, because we thought that was the best way to deliver economic value to our shareholders, we could have operated this in a more traditional standalone basis. And we could have exactly done what we originally described. When we really got into detail on the integration planning, we saw enormous opportunities for better leveraging the business to drive medium- to long-term growth much higher, to drive medium- to long-term margins higher on products in the services stream, and to take advantage of whats a pretty rapidly evolving, well call it, kind of new digital restorative -- I hate to use the word, but Ill use it, ecosystem. And so we moved very quickly to fully integrate this business in and actually to accelerate some spending. And a really good example here is we arent just moving the New Jersey facility to Juarez for cost reduction. In fact, the principal initial driver was we felt we could really scale that business. But to scale it in New Jersey, to add a lot of new capital, potentially have to move it, and to do so at a quality and a level of kind of digital control that we wanted, that we had in Juarez or Costa Rica, we made the choice to invest in accelerating that program, which initially we hadnt planned on doing for maybe years or more. So thats an example of where we can scale better, deliver better quality to customers, enable some fully -- new kinds of products, and get $1 million a quarter or better gross margin improvement out of the business once completed. So that puts a little more pressure in the near term but as we look even a midterm outlook for this business, we believe: a, we can drive better gross margins on the product and services mix, and over the long term, substantially better; and then b, we can support scalability dramatically better. So that investment is playing out all across from sales and marketing side, touching customers, all the way through the technology and the IT infrastructure to the manufacturing base. And were just working very hard to completely integrate that into we do here. So those were choices we made once we got in and really understood the business in a more detailed way and elected to make those investments. So it is a little bit of more near-term pain, but we believe the paybacks on those are outstanding. And I think in general if you look at our track record for Invisalign and the choices weve made around optimizing manufacturing management and flow, in general, weve shown we know how to do that well. 
S. Brandon Couillard: And then Ken, what was the impact of FX on revenue growth in the fourth quarter and the full year, and then any chance you could give us the anticipated revenue impact thats embedded in your first quarter revenue guidance? 
Kenneth Arola: Well, let me make a comment about -- start with the fourth quarter here. So coming into the quarter, in Q3, FX rates around the euro were averaging around $1.40, $1.42, and this past quarter they averaged around $1.35. So if you look at our international revenues and you do the calculation, youll come up with roughly about $1.5 million impact or so, $1.7 million impact on revenues on a quarter-over-quarter basis. In relation to our quarter 1 guidance, we have our view of where exchange rates are currently and where theyve been over the past month or so, down as low as $1.27-ish, maybe even a little bit lower than that, and right now, bouncing around $1.31. So we think theres going to be some quarterly impact on a quarter-over-quarter basis. I dont want to put a finer point on that, but thats kind of how we were viewing things, and we have our own view of where we think exchange rates are going to be and the flow of product for the quarter and the impacts. On a year-over-year basis, if you think about where exchange rates were in 2010, they were anywhere from $1.35 to $1.40-ish range, and they stayed there early this year in 2011 for the first couple quarters. And then over the last half of the year theyve come down pretty dramatically. So its several million dollars of impact on the full year basis. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jose Haresco with JMP Securities. 
Jose Haresco: Not to beat a dead horse here, but on the gross margin side, something you mentioned was it looks like were splitting the difference between FX and some of these rebates. Can you remind us again of the Advantage rebate program, how that actually plays out in the discounts to docs? And what kind of an ASP should we be modeling for, call it, the first half or so? And are some of your operating margin comments about it hitting the low 20s again at least predicated partially on the assumption that ASPs climb back up in the second half? 
Kenneth Arola: Sure, Jose. This is Ken. In relation to the Advantage program, the way it works is if a doctor does 12 or more cases a quarter, they start participating in the program as far as discounts are concerned, and the highest level of discount a doctor can get is up to $700 off their cases. So effectively, it brings their price on a full case from roughly $1500 down to roughly $800. And it tiers from there, so a doctor going from 12 cases, then 24 cases, and it moves up from there. So at 12 cases they get $500, 24 cases or more they get $600, and then 36 or more in a quarter they get $700 off. What weve been seeing here in the past several quarters, as weve been driving utilization here in the business with G3 and G4 and other advertising that weve been doing, et cetera, doctors feeling more confident in using products, weve seen doctors start to move up several quarters ago now in the tiers themselves, and more doctors attaining rebates, where in fact this past quarter it was a record number of doctors that attained rebates from us over the quarter 4 timeframe. Our anticipation as we continue to drive Invisalign volumes, more doctors will continue to participate in that Advantage program. Now with that said, its a very good program for us. The economics around that particular program are very favorable to Align Technology in relation to driving incremental volumes. So as I see rebates increasing, I look at that as a good thing, because were getting more doctors doing more cases on a year-over-year basis. 
Jose Haresco: The impact from FX, the second part of the question. 
Kenneth Arola: So from an FX point of view, as I said a few moments ago, and you looked at predominantly all of our business internationally being in core Europe, we get impacted on a quarter-over-quarter basis as those rates are moving around. And more recently, theyve moved around pretty quickly here in the past quarter, so it had negative impact on our overall margins in the business. And as we move through the year, we have our views of where exchange rates are going to be as weve built our plans out, but as we move through the year, the operating margin expansion that I referred to is really going to come from driving top line revenues in the business, increasing Invisalign volumes, taking share of chair. And the North America scanner business is going very well for us, and we think that will continue to go well. Weve only gotten the sales team on board for the scanner side of the business just recently, so we havent even really seen the leverage from the sales-team perspective. Weve seen it through events and other trade show events that weve been at, as Tom was referring to on the call. And over the next year, as we get more traction with the sales team on the ground, I think well start seeing some effects of that as we move through the second half of the year. Its going to take them 1 or 2 quarters to really come up to speed, and as volumes increase, as we move through the year, well start seeing that leverage in the business. 
Jose Haresco: Can you share with us what percentage of your customer base right now in either channel is taking advantage of the Advantage rebate program? And you said you had the highest percentage of docs youve ever seen using this rebate, but if you look at your total worldwide blended ASPs, it really didnt decline all that much. So is there something else? There seems to be a disconnect there, because youre only off by like $25 on the ASP. The reductions you talked about are really quite drastic. 
Kenneth Arola: So again, the Advantage rebate program itself, there was a record number of doctors, but its not the entire base of doctors that participate in the program. And remember, from a utilization point of view, they have to be doing 12 cases or more a quarter to participate in the program. So once they start getting that volume, so its a smaller percentage of the doctors. As far as GPs and orthos, its across both channels where doctors are participating, and you can imagine on the ortho side of the business, with the utilization rate being a little higher, those doctors are earning probably a little more rebate. But we have a fair amount of GPs that are earning some very nice rebates as well. 
Jose Haresco: Just last question is where do you guys think you are in terms of penetrating the teen market in terms of percentage of total volume in 2011? Where do you think thats going to [indiscernible] 
Unknown Executive: Can you ask that again, Jose? 
Jose Haresco: What percentage of the total U.S. teen cases do you guys think you did in all of 2011? 
Thomas Prescott: The first question is, we dont see the whole market so were not the best arbiter, but with that said, we think the numbers we generally describe in terms of market size are reasonably accurate and we think what weve seen lately from a variety of sources implies kind of 3% to 4% total growth, at least in the segments that matter for us. So I think with the numbers weve used before for market size, you could add those and then take our numbers. It implies were gaining share pretty quickly, and it probably understates kind of the category expansion were delivering. But I think if you go look at teen, for example, were still a very small, low single digits, in terms of total penetration into teens. Weve got a lot of head room there, and if you get into Europe and places like that its an order of magnitude less. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. 
Jonathan Demchick: This is Jon Demchick in for Steve. Tom, you took a bit of a more active role in the marketing department during the fourth quarter, I believe. Can you tell us why you did that, and what you were looking to accomplish with the changes there? 
Thomas Prescott: Well, I guess thats why things arent working so well, huh? Actually, Im only involved, other than my normal mode -- we look at marketing as everybody in the company is involved. We all own the customer, we all own evolution of the product, and we all own execution of the game plan, which includes marketing and other things. So at some level, absolutely nothings changed. At another level, I actually -- my level of involvement was to place Tim Mack in charge in December, a very, very experienced technology guy and GM and long-term dental expert, restorative dentistry and elsewhere. And hes doing a terrific job for us while we have a search going on for part of the role. The second part of the role, we have a very, very good consumer team that is doing a terrific job and Im just trying to ask enough questions and stay out of their way. And so thats my level of involvement. 
Jonathan Demchick: And Tom, a few weeks ago, at an investor presentation, you indicated that you see the lower end of the market, say the 5-tray market, as growing the fastest within the clear aligner market. Could you put some numbers to that? How big is that market? How fast is it growing? Why move into that segment rather than pushing more aggressively toward the more challenging cases? 
Thomas Prescott: Well, first of all, we are -- the first thing is were going both ends, and our goal was to be kind of better complete coverage from end to end, so to speak. All of our efforts over the last 5 years, roughly, in terms of science and technology and evolving the product have been targeted at getting at those complex cases. Our goal is, someday, why would anyone want to have braces if we can do everything braces could do, better? And thats the goal. Thats still our goal. At the same time, weve seen a number of customers ask us, theres still patients out there that -- gee, for what Invisalign Express 10, at the time, cost, and for what they have to charge, theres still some simple relapse cases. And more and more, where we see the growth coming from is, to a lesser extent, the OEM companies like ourselves, the Danahers or others, with a low-end product like Simpli5 or whatever. To a greater extent, its the hundreds and hundreds of dental labs that are making kind of in the hundred dollars an aligner or something, these 5 or 6 stages of trays. And then when patients wear them, they report they arent as satisfied with them. The doctors dont know quite when theyre going to be finished, and they have to talk to the patient about what will I be able to get you to? What level of correction, and can I treat that chief complaint, that gap or that little bit of crowding. So we figured why not get after this, as we now have all the initiatives in hand with getting after more complex cases, why not bring this same leverage down at the low end, where our value proposition can be better for a very cost-effective approach. And the feedback weve gotten since releasing it has been very, very positive. So thats why to do it. Its just to be a much more complete competitor across the line of clear aligners. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Block with SunTrust. 
Jonathan Block: Maybe the first one is just if you can talk to -- Tom, you discussed a lot more of the cases that are being submitted digitally, and thats obviously a benefit of the Cadent acquisition. If you can talk to what youre seeing from those accounts in terms of their overall utilization, where were they prior to submitting with Cadent, and where have they gone after submitting a completely digital case? 
Thomas Prescott: Sure. The 2 qualifiers Id put around this is number one, this is mostly orthodontists, because were just now getting a bit of a read given iTero interoperability just started. So Ill remind you that it was just orthodontists. Started back middle of May, when we released interoperability on the IOC scanner. Secondly, in general, the orthodontists that ran out and bought scanners were, in general, higher volume. Not maybe off the top of that map, but higher volume than our median orthos. So the short answer inside that is they have, in general, after you adjust for other factors -- market growth, G3, everything else thats happening, they have grown utilization faster, up to 10%, than the other doctors. So they report, after minimal startup, patients a lot happier, staff happier, fewer reimpressions, bringing the patient back in for rejected impressions, aligner fits better, et cetera, et cetera, on virtually every measure. Significant enough that it really matters to us, and it really matters to the patient. So thats kind of a virtuous cycle. Its reinforced, and weve had some of those orthodontists that have maybe several offices go out and buy one for each office, and just commit themselves to going completely digital. So as I said, over the last year or so, our percentage of fully digital incoming submissions, other than PVS, has gone up nicely to where now its about 80%. And then secondly, this is growing very nicely, the all-digital for us now. Of that 80%, a full 6% and climbing nicely are completely digital, no PVS impression. And that has lots of benefits for everybody -- for us, for the doctor. And an example, 2 extremes. We have a doctor that puts a case in on Monday and theyre getting liners shipped out in the States by Thursday or Friday without hustling or expediting a case. In Europe, where it might have been 4 weeks for a full cycle, theyre getting aligners back within a couple of weeks. And theyre getting immediate feedback within 1 or 2 days of seeing their clin check. So a lot of positive effects for everybody and the most important thing, it appears the liners fit, and therefore we think ultimately performance will even be better. 
Jonathan Block: And then the last question Ill ask, and sorry to go back to sort of the margin/leverage question. But Ken, the 1Q 12 guidance on the top line is somewhat similar with what you put up on the top line for 4Q 11, yet the non-GAAP op margins are down almost 500 bps Q-over-Q. Can you just sort of walk us through? I mean, I guess Im a little perplexed. Gross margin on the non-GAAP comes down 200 basis points, but yet I believe you started the Cadent transition actually in the fourth quarter. So can you maybe walk us through, with a little more granularity, where that 500 bps sequential deleverage is coming from? I know FX has something to do with that. 
Kenneth Arola: Just to make a point, we started the Cadent business, obviously, in the April timeframe when we acquired them on April 29, right? So they were not part of our results. And then when we reported out this quarter, we reported out Invisalign only for Q4 last year. This year, its obviously combined business. On a sequential basis, when you look at overall gross margins in the business, you have a couple things going on. The 2 most significant are FX, which I spoke to, and the other one is were continuing to expect that doctors will move up in their tierings and attain more rebates from the Advantage rebate program, based on what weve seen over the past several quarters. Those are probably the 2 biggest offsetting items to the volume growth that were seeing in the business from quarter 4 to quarter 1 on a sequential basis. Does that make sense? 
Thomas Prescott: And then operating margin on top of that, getting it down to the operating margin line. 
Jonathan Block: I understand. I can follow up offline, but I guess what I struggle with is your overall case volume for Invisalign is somewhat similar 1Q 12 versus 4Q 11, so why would the rebate ratchet up so dramatically Q-over-Q? 
Kenneth Arola: That has to do with the fact that, again, more doctors are participating in the Advantage rebate program, attaining the minimums they need to, to get a rebate from us. A year ago, doctors were starting to make that move in quarter 4, but as we progressed through 2011, each quarter were seeing more and more doctors reach the levels to participate in the rebate program. And again, this quarter, quarter 4, was a record number of doctors that have achieved that rebate. So again, the number of doctors that achieve rebates, when you talk about doing business on a quarterly basis with 12,000 GPs and 4,000 or 5,000 orthos, again, that entire base is not receiving the rebate. A small percentage of those doctors overall are receiving the rebate. But as theyre moving up, its having a bit of an impact on ASPs on a quarter-over-quarter basis. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Spencer Nam with ThinkEquity. 
Spencer Nam: Just a couple of quick follow-up questions here. Let me start off with the Invisalign Express 5. Weve been hearing some speculation that one of your competitors will be coming out with a new tray product that could be pretty competitive. Could this be viewed as your strategic action in anticipation of this launch of a potentially competitive product? 
Thomas Prescott: You always make choices around products with a full context of what do customers want, and whats growing in the market, and whats your competitive set doing? So I guess at some level the answer is sure. This was not a tactical response. Weve been working on this for 1.5 years, and then doing some testing about the best way to do it. Frankly, with the evolutions in G3 and G4, our view is with our 5-stage product, youre going to be able to do more with that product, more predictably, than anybody else in the world. So if you can get a 5-stage product from anybody, why wouldnt you get it from us as long as the price was right? And we did a little testing with some different price points and felt that $549 for a 5-stage product with potential refinement and a guarantee on getting to that final position was a pretty compelling offer. So this was motivated more by ensuring we could be the toughest competitor across the range of aligner-based treatments. And then certainly were still running around in a world of much bigger multinational companies as competitors and theyve got divisions who would love to compete more aggressively with us. So were always mindful of that, and we always kind of stay humble and hungry, and make sure we can move faster than them. 
Spencer Nam: And then on your guidance, the one question I had, I mean, you mentioned the factors about the rebate program, also the FX effect thats going to impact the revenue line. But it seems like there is some level of weakness, a material level of weakness, coming from the scanner business that leads you to guide it the way you guided. If you look at the third quarter and fourth quarter of last year, actually the scanner business did more in the third quarter than in the fourth quarter. So how should we think about the sequential down on scanner business? Should it be off the third quarter level or off the fourth quarter level? And it looks like third quarter is actually the strongest quarter rather than the fourth quarter. 
Thomas Prescott: Kens already given some guidance. Ill let that stand. He can comment. Ill just talk in general about the business. We concluded this acquisition at the very end of April, and from May on, have been working very hard on making choices about the best way to drive value for our customers and our shareholders. And were still right in the middle of that. Theres a lot of moving parts still going on. As Ken said, we just got our sales force built out by the end of Q4, and even with that, Q4 was very strong. It was very strong in North America, and we expect that trend to continue. Were kind of calling it as we see it, and I think weve tried to be very, very clear that we cant -- at this point, at least, sort out the absolute drivers to softness in Europe. Were going to be able to. We cant yet today. And were working very hard with our partner to restage that growth. The second thing is were pretty darn comfortable that were on the right track in North America. And with the sales force together, with a lot of integration of customers and opportunities for leverage in our Invisalign business and those other docs, were just getting started in the GP side really. And so I think theres the good news story. The bad news story is Europe is softer. Were going to figure that out and get after it. But its no more complicated than that. Capital has a little longer fuse, so weve got reasonable visibility into activity, and thats whats going on. Ken, I dont know if you want to pile on, but 
Kenneth Arola: No. I think, Tom, you covered it pretty 
Spencer Nam: It sounds like you guys are being -- I dont want to put any words in your mouth, but you guys are being conservative in terms of the outlook. You want to make sure that you have something that you guys can work with. Is that fair? 
Kenneth Arola: You know, Spencer, our posture on outlook has not changed. We try to call it as best we can see it. We understand the visibility as well as you do, what we see on the Invisalign side as far as the 30 days or so into a quarter. Were getting a little more familiar on the scanner side of the business as weve gotten into it over the past few quarters. But our view of it is we try to put all the factors together, try to call it as we see it, and make our own assumptions on where we see exchange rates going and volumes in the business going. And as Tom just mentioned, the volume in the business in North America is going well for the scanner side of the business. Were having a little bit of an issue were working on in Europe, as we referred to. And the way we look at the Invisalign business is no different than weve always looked at it.
 [Technical Difficulty] 
Shirley Stacy: All right. Well, I think well conclude it here then. Thank you, operator. Thanks everyone for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming financial conferences and industry events. If you have any follow up questions, please contact Investor Relations. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-21 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy  Senior Director, IR & Corporate Communications Tom Prescott  President and CEO Ken Arola  VP, Finance and CFO
Analysts: Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners Spencer Nam  Madison Williams &Company Jonathan Block  SunTrust Banks Inc. Drew Jones  Stephens Inc. Robert Gold  Brigantine Advisors
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Align Technology third quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce, Shirley Stacy of Align Techology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Senior Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO and Ken Arola, vice president and CFO. Before we begin, let me cover some housekeeping items. We issued our third quarter fiscal 2010 financial results press release today via Global Newswire and FirstCall which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio web cast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on November 4. To access the telephone replay, domestic caller should dial 877-660-6853 with account number 292 followed by pound and conference number 358000 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same account number and conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including without limitation statements about Align's future events, product outlook and expected financial results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010. These forward looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail on our form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30th. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statement. Please also note that this conference call will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures, where practical, are contained in todays financial results press release, which weve posted on our website at investor.aligntech.com under financial releases and have been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. Weve also posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements including the corresponding reconciliation and our third quarter conference call with slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Align Techology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom.
Tom Prescott: Thank you, Shirley. On the call today, I will cover some highlights from our third quarter and provide an update in our strategic initiatives. Ken will follow with some detail on our third quarter financials and outlook for the fourth quarter. I will come back with some closing comments and open the call up to your questions. Q3 was a good quarter for Align with revenues, gross margin, operating margin and EPS, all above our outlook for the quarter. Q3 key shipments were within our guidance, but at the lower end of the range reflecting growth from the North American orthodontist and international doctors offset by greater than expected summer seasonality. This softness has persisted into the fall, especially among our North American GP customers, who have reported lower dental visits and reduced demand for premium procedures, which we believe contributed to lower than expected case admissions for Invisalign as well. It also appears the elimination of the case requirements announced in Q2 contributed to lower case submissions among some customers. In high insight, the stronger than expected results we saw in Q2 across our customer channels including low volume GP's masked the slow down among those practices that were striving to reach 10 cases per year. We were probably too quick to believe that the Proficiency Program was completely behind us. It now appears that the potential impact initially described on the Q1 call in April regarding our uncertainty as to how customers might respond to the elimination of case requirements has taken longer to play out. Having said this, we continue to see interest from many GP's who want to make Invisalign a bigger part of their practices as well as other new GP's who want to add Invisalign to practice. We will continue to work to expand the GP customer base. As we discussed previously, our strategic focus is on driving adoption Invisalign into existing practices while expanding our customer base in North America and internationally. Let's review the key metrics that measure our performance. Utilization rates are what we call same-practice sales of our product and a number of new doctors trained. In Q3, total utilization decreased slightly on a sequential basis and increased year-over-year to 3.6 cases per quarter. This reflects a decrease of 1% sequentially and an increase of 18% from Q3 a year ago. By customer channel, Q3 utilization was unchanged for North American orthodontist and international doctors at 5.8 and 3.8 cases respectively. North American ortho utilization remains solid but many practices have indicated they are working harder to get business and close cases. North American GP dentist utilization decreased sequentially from 2.8 to 2.7 cases per GP reflecting less usage across among levels or tiers as compared to Q2. In addition, there are fewer low-volume GP's in Q3 than in the prior quarter. On a year-over-year basis, doctor utilization of Invisalign increased across all customer channels, up 18% for ortho, up 16% for GP's and up 9% for international doctors reflecting continued adoption of Invisalign into practice. During Q3, we trained 825 new doctors, down from 960 in Q2, given the fewer number of training courses offered during the summer months. Of those trained, 550 were North American doctors and 275 were international doctors. I will shift now to our strategic initiatives and remind you that our strategy has a series of key initiatives that we typically discuss each quarter. The first is to accelerate product in clinical innovation, which includes new products and significant evolution in features and functionality such as the recently launched Invisalign G3. Second, continually working to enhance the customer experience which we typically address through evolutions in those customer phasing systems. Third, increasing the effectiveness of our consumer demand creation process and extending brand awareness. And finally, continuing to drive international growth principally in Europe while opening up additional new markets around the world such as China. To start with product and clinical innovation, Ill provide a brief update on the overall teenage orthodontic market segment and our Invisalign Teen product. We are pleased with our continued progress in the overall teenage segment. In Q3, teenage patients 19 and under using Invisalign products increased 11% sequentially and 24% year-over-year for a total of 16.4 thousand teenagers or 25% of total worldwide volume. This is compared to 23% of worldwide volume in Q3 2009 and 21% of total volume in Q3 2008, the first full quarter that included shipments for the Invisalign Teen product. In addition to gaining share of the teenage product  in addition to gaining share of the teenage segment overall, we are also focused on increasing the number of younger patients, especially 11 to 15-year-olds that represent the bulk of teen orthodontic case starts. In Q3, the average age of our teenage starts with 15 and a half which was unchanged from last quarter. Wed expect the average age of teenage patients to get a bit younger as our penetration in the segment continues and Invisalign Teen practice is designed to do just that. Invisalign Teen which includes specific features that are intended to treat younger teens with mixed antition. In Q3, Invisalign Teen volume increased 11% to 7,590 cases or 12% of total volume from 6,810 cases or 10% of total volume last quarter. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign Teen was down slightly from 7,850 cases reflecting the change in the teen promotion that went into affecting Q1 of this year. We're pleased with our continued progress and growth in both the teenage segment and the teen product, but were not completely satisfied because we know there is still a lot of room to gain significant share with Invisalign. Shifting to our most recent product announcement, during the Q2 call last quarter, we previewed the launch of Invisalign G3. Our collection of innovation that is engineered to deliver even better or predictable clinical results and make it easier for our doctors to treat more complex cases. As part of this launch, significant improvements in enhancements were made in our customer facing systems. The Invisalign doctor site and ClinTec software to make it easier for our doctors and staff to communicate their treatment plan, reduce claim check treatment upon revisions and manage account details. I am pleased to report that Invisalign G3 was successfully launched in October 11 in North America and will be available internationally in Q2 of 2011. I won't go into all of the details on today's call as I know many of you have already reviewed the press release issued on August 16th and some of you even dialed into the Ask The Expert Call rehosted for our customers on October 1st. Invisalign G3 is the largest evolution in our history touching every product in virtually every system at Align and I am pleased and proud of the hard work demonstrated by our employees to achieve this significant milestone. We believe the new features and overall improved performance of Invisalign G3 will have a positive impact on utilization and continue to support more widespread adoption into our customers practices. Following the G3 Ask The Expert Call, 91% of the 4,000 doctor attendees said that they had confidence in Invisalign and 86% said they would recommend Invisalign more going forward, pretty amazing. In addition, by the end of the first week of availability, over 75%of doctors were reviewing their treatment plans using the new ClinCheck 3.0 software. To date, there are over 215 cases and over 190 doctors utilizing the new precision cut features meaning that they were quickly trying these new features on more complex class 2 and class 3 cases, which is exactly what we had hoped for. In Q3, we continued building awareness and driving action to our integrated consumer marketing platform of traditional media, event marketing and digital and social media. Under traditional print and broadcast media, weve just launched a new teen commercial that targets moms with teens in the household. You may have already seen the Twins TV spot which is airing primarily in prime time. The goal of the commercial is to raise mom's awareness there is an alternative to metal braces and prompt them to learn more. The commercial will be supported with print ads in major women's magazines through the end of Q4. Invisalign Teen was also featured in many regional parenting magazines and TV news segments across the country with doctors serving as experts to offer parents tips onto the right treatment of their child. As part of this effort, Invisalign teen was also included in a summer satellite media tour that reached parents in14 market and garnered nearly 10 million impressions. Under event marketing activities designed to reach potential patients where they live and play, we partnered with Fox for the 2010 Teen Choice Awards. As the premiere sponsor of Fox's Teen Choice Awards which aired on August 9th to over 2.5 million viewers, Invisalign received significant consumer exposure. A big part of our strategy was to leverage our partnership with Fox online which resulted in a 125% increase in Invisalign Teen website visits and a 40% increase in Invisalign Teen Facebook fans. Q3 also marked the official launch of Invisalign's studio, a new entertainment-based marketing platform to create excitement for Invisalign Teen. The studio is an actual orthondontic practice in Beverly Hills, staffed by one of the most experienced local orthodontists. Weve already recruited a number of celebrities as Invisalign patients. And they will begin to participate in a variety of marketing activities over the next several months including public relations effort with the press and social media activity online to promote the brand. If you want to hear more about our progress in the consumer area next week at our analyst meeting. A shift to international, Q3 was a solid quarter with growth both sequentially and year-over-year. Q3 case volumes of 16.2 thousand or 24.5% of worldwide volume increased 2% sequentially and 34% year-over-year. The sequential increase reflects increased volume from the Asia Pacific region and normal summer seasonality, particularly in the southern European countries such as Italy, France and Spain. The year-over-year increase reflects strong growth in core Europe. Of note, Spain has had a very strong year and was up over 100% in Q3 albeit on a small base. Q3 international revenues of $23.2 million or 24% of total increased 5.5% sequentially and 25.8% from the same quarter last year. Invisalign Light which replaced Invisalign Express outside North America and includes upto 14 sets of Aligners, continues to grow nicely across international and had a strong uptick in Asia Pacific and Japan this quarter, again off a small base. Before I turn the call over to Ken, I would like to briefly comment on the additional news release we issued today, announcing that we have received regulatory approval to market and sell Invisalign in China and will begin commercial launch in the second half of 2011. This is a significant milestone and we are very excited of the opportunity and growth potential for Invisalign in China. Prosperous Chinese are increasingly spending on discretionary items, particularly high on luxury goods. This combined with increased spending on healthcare, oral health and aesthetics makes China one of the fastest growing market opportunities for orthodontics over the foreseeable future. There is still much work to be done, prepare to launch Invisalign in China. We will go into more detail in our upcoming analyst meeting in New York next week when our new VP of International, Richard Twomey will take me through our view of this tremendous long-term growth opportunity. I will now turn the call over to Ken for more detail on our third quarter financials and outlook for Q4 and then I will come back for a few closing remarks. Ken?
Ken Arola: Thanks, Tom. Now, let's review our third quarter financial results beginning with revenue. Q3 net revenue of $95 increased 2.2% sequentially from Q2 non-GAAP net revenue of $93.9 million, an increase of 21% year-over-year. Recall that Q2 non-GAAP net revenue excludes the release of $14.3 million of previously deferred revenues within this our Teen replacement Aligners. The sequential revenue growth reflects higher worldwide ASP's which were driven by lower deferrals associated with the teen replacement Aligners, lower levels of discounts and rebates and lower case refinements. On a year-over-year basis, Q3 revenue growth primarily reflects higher volume across all channels with worldwide ASP's remaining relatively consistent. Case shipment of 66.2 thousand in Quarter three decreased 1.8% sequentially and increased 17.2% from the same quarter last year. The sequential decrease reflects lower than expected cases in North America particularly from the GP's. As Tom mentioned during the summer doctors experienced slower patient flow which had extended through the fall. Additionally, some more volume doctors have not maintained their prior rate of case submissions which we believe is in the response to the elimination of the minimum case requirements. On a year-over-year basis, case shipments were up significantly across all channels, especially with North American ortho and International doctors, which were up 23% and 34% respectively. In terms of customer mix, Q3 revenue consisted of 38.3% for North American GP's, 32.5% for North American orthos, 24.2% for International and 5% for non-case revenue, reflecting a slight shift from North American GP's to North American orthos and International doctors. Q3 revenue by product consisted of 59.5% for Invisalign full, 11.8% for Invisalign Teen, 9.3% for Invisalign Express, 4.4% for Invisalign Assist and 5% for non-case revenue. Now, let's move on to gross margin. Q3 GAAP gross margin was 78.1% compared to 80.4% in quarter two and 74.4% in the same quarter last year. Gross margin for quarter two reflects  for quarter two, 2010 reflects the fateful impact from the release of previously deferred revenue for Invisalign Teen replacement liners and quarter three 2009 gross margin includes a charge of $1.9 million for royalties related to the ongoing settlement. For Q3, non-GAAP gross margin was the same as GAAP at 78.1%. This compares to Q2 gross margin of 77. 4% which excludes the Invisalign Teen deferral impact and Q3 2009 non-GAAP gross margin of 76.8% which excludes the Ormco royalty. The sequential increase in gross margin was primarily driven by higher ASP's. Additionally, we have fewer training courses during the summer and gross margin benefited from lower training revenue which carries nominal gross margins. Q3 GAAP operating expenses were $53 million compared to $41.7 million in quarter two and $119.2 million in the same quarter last year. Q3 operating expenses include litigation settlement costs of $3.3 million related to the Leiszler class actions settlement which was announced earlier today in a press release. Q2 operating expenses include an $8.7 million credit for an insurance settlement related to the OrthoClear litigation in quarter three 2009 operating expenses include litigation settlement costs of $69.7 million related to the Ormco settlement. For comparative purposes, non-GAAP operating expenses exclude the Leiszler settlement costs and the credit for the insurance settlement related to OrthoClear. Q3 non-GAAP operating expense was $49.7 million compared to $50.3 million in quarter two and $40.5 million in the same quarter last year. Q3 non-GAAP operating expense was relatively unchanged from quarter two and Q3 of last year and reflects lower than anticipated spending related to sales system, International marketing program and lower than expected headcount additions. Q3 GAAP operating income was $21.9 million and compared to $45.3 million in quarter two and a loss of $50.2 million in Q3 a year ago. Q3 non-GAAP operating income was $25.2 million or 26.3%. This is compared to $22.4 million or 23.8% in quarter two and $11.4 million or 14.4% in the same quarter last year. The sequential increase and non-GAAP operating margin reflects higher gross margins and lower spending. Q3 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.22 compared to $0.42 in quarter two and a loss of $0.72 in the same quarter last year. Q3 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.25 compared to $0.21 in quarter two and 13%  $0.13 in Q3 of last year. Now, let's move on to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities were $280.1 million. This compares to $186.5 million at the end of 2009. In Q3, we generated roughly $37.6 million in cash from operations compared to $42.6 million in quarter two and $10.8 million in the same quarter last year. Q3 DSO's were 60-days unchanged from quarter two and down slightly from 62 days in the same quarter last year. Now, let's turn to our business outlook for the fourth quarter of 2010. There are several factors that I would like to outline that contribute to our view of Q4 case shipments and revenue. First, we have seen a moderate reduction in effort primarily among North American GP's following the elimination of the minimum case requirements. Second, we had a slower than expected summer in North America, again particularly for GP dentists. This trend has persisted into the fall and lead to lower case received from which Q4 shipments are generated. Third, we expect Q4 international revenue to benefit somewhat from exchange rates compared to quarter three. Lastly, we are being thoughtful about our near-term consumer sentiment and the potential impact on dentist visits and high-value procedures especially given the slow down we have recently seen. With these factors in mind, we expect Q4 case volumes to be in a range of 61.5 to 63,000 cases and revenue to be in the range of $90.5 million to $93 million. We expect Q4 gross GAAP margin to be in a range of 76% to 76.5%, a sequential decrease in gross margins primarily reflects the cost for the Invisalign ortho summit which will be held November 5th and 6th. Beginning in Q1 2010, continued educational fees are recognized in revenue and the cost of the educational progress are being accounted for in the cost of good sold. As a result in certain quarters, when we have major customer events like the summit, gross margins will be unfavorably impacted. These educational activities are highly impactful and extremely valuable to provide customers with access to the latest Invisalign education resources and enable them to network and gain valuable insight on treatment techniques and practice development ideas from their peers. This year's ortho summit sold out on the first day of registration and we will host a record number around 1800 orthos and their staff. To a lesser extent, Q4 gross margin will be impacted by lower volume and the introduction of Invisalign G3 which includes the ability to slow down tooth movement and that increased treatment time for certain cases. Features in G3 are expected to add some additional passive Aligners to each case which will increase cost of good sold in the near-term. However, over time we have set G3 features to drive revenue growth in the business by improving predictability of treatment outcomes and reduce the need for case refinements, warranty and midcourse corrections. We expect Q4 GAAP operating expenses to be in the range of $51.5 million to $52.5 million. The sequential increase in Q4 operating expense reflects spending  increased spending in international sales and marketing including headcount additions delayed from quarter three. Commercialization activities associated with the launch of Invisalign G3 and pre-commercialization activities in China as we set up and staff our new office in Shanghai. In quarter four, we expect operating margins to be in the range of 19.1 to 20% and earnings per share to be in a range of $0.15 to $0.17. In quarter four, we expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 28%. From a cash position, we expect to pay minimal cash taxes as we can utilize the net operating losses on our tax returns. We expect diluted shares outstanding for quarter four to be approximately 78.5 million shares. From a balance sheet perspective, cash on hand at the end of quarter four is expected to be approximately $195 to  $295 to $300 million. Now, before I turn the call back to Tom, Id like to briefly comment on our long-term financial model targets which were communicated at our last analyst meeting in November 2008 and were intended to provide a framework for the business over a three to five-year period. Over the past two years, we have made significant progress toward these goals and have consistently delivered financial results at the high end or slightly above our long-term model ranges. As part of our annual strategic planning process, we evaluate the model and determine whether it has been appropriate in terms of expected top line growth, strategic investments and return to shareholders. With our recent performance and long-term strategy in hand, we remain confident about our future and Id like to update you on our new three to five-year review of the business. Starting with revenue growth, (inaudible) the old range was 10% to 20%. The new range is 15% to 25%. The gross margin range remains unchanged at 73% to 78%. Our operating expenses, the old range was 55% to 60%, the new range is 45% to 50%. And for operating margins, the old range was 15%to 20% and the new range is now 25% to 30%. The new motto reflects our commitment to continue top line growth or driving leverage into the business. Again, Id like to stress that this is our new three to five-year deal of the business and not guidance for 2011. I will provide more detail on our new long-term model at our analyst meeting in New York next week. Now, I will turn the call back to Tom for some closing comments.
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Ken. Our updated financial model reflects a more bullish mid and long-term view of our business. That view is based on our strategic plan and confidence in the Align team's ability to execute on key strategic initiatives. At the same time, we are going to actively manage the business carefully through what looks to be a softer near-term period in dental industry. Through these challenging times, we have seen our orthodontist and GP customers react differently to the environment and therefore our approach to each needs to reflect those differences. Our ortho customers react to tougher times by working harder among the referral sources like GP marketing in their communities and taking revenue growth opportunities in products like Invisalign. We are well positioned to continue our positive trends with teen segment promotions, Invisalign Teen product in the G3 launch that will make it easier for orthodontists to use Invisalign in more complex cases. The GP scenario is a bit more complicated. We know that during similar periods, our GP customers have tend to be more passive rather than finding ways to grow revenue or recruit new patients. We also know that some of the reduced activity and effort in lower volume GP practices has filed the elimination of the case requirements in Q2. Specific plans are in place to drive activity in the field within the resumption of growth among the lower volume of GP customers. We know there are still tens of millions of consumers that want treatment even in these uncertain times. Our job is to better engage these GP practices to show them how Invisalign can contribute through a healthier growing practice and satisfy patients. We are committed to strong execution of our strategic plan and know this leads to greater market penetration and increased shareholder value. We believe we will continue to grow revenue unit share at rates significantly above other orthodontic and dental peers and outperform the industry in general. Weve never felt better about our opportunities to build value in the business. I look forward to discussing this in more detail next week at our analyst meeting. With that, I will turn it back over to the operator for some questions. Operator.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will conduct be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from the line of Mr. Matt Dolan with Roth Capital Partners. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your questions.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: Hi, guys. Good afternoon.
Tom Prescott: Good afternoon, Matt. Hi, Matt.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: Maybe, we can just walk through the quarter. Sounds like there were two variables at work, we would like to get little more detail on being the one being the proficiency case requirement having a lingering affect and the slow down on the dental visits. Tom, can you help us, maybe expand on those two variables as it relates to volumes intra quarter and specifically what does your guidance assume happens with those two issues as we progress to the fourth quarter?
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Matt. Those are the two primary factors as our other main channels. International and North American also are far more or less on track. Let me back up for a second. In the North American GP it was a reasonably normal summer, until we got into the later summer towards Labor Day and we just didn't get the normal bounce back in case starts and looking deeper into that, there were a couple different factors. One was that some of the practices that perhaps a year before were stretching and working harder to make the minimum case requirements, weren't stretching as much. And then the second fact is they are reporting and saw a lot of this at the ADA. Attendance was down pretty significantly that the relative traffic flow for dentist in much of the country is down a bit and the demand for premium procedures is down a bit. So we can't quantitatively tell you whether these two factors play out in numbers, but they are captured in our guidance for Q4 because we exited Q3 with a lower case volume and entered Q4 with a lower case volume and therefore that's the track run. Now, we expect to fix these. As I said, there are plans in place and there is a lot of positive things we are bringing to the GPs including improvements in the product, making it easier, including all kinds of promotion in the channel as well as the new advantage program which has been rolled out and it is a good reason to get to 10 cases or more for the year. That said, its going to take a little bit of time to move that and all of that is captured in a complete way in our guidance.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: So are you saying from what you saw at the end of Q3 you're assuming those variables remain relatively stable in Q4, is that another way to put it?
Tom Prescott: We expect to get back to growth, but we believe it takes some time. And all of those run rates are factored into our total view of guidance. GP North America is the significant area that is creating this guidance change, this downward look.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: Okay. And then Tom on the long-term guidance, maybe just looking at the margin opportunity, you pushed that up almost, not quite, but almost doubling it into the high 20s, again youve got to hit that number on an adjusted basis here in Q3. Should we be watching out for big infrastructure spent in the near-term as opposed to the long-term models that may bring you down off the levels we have seen in the last three quarters, 23, 24 and 26%?
Tom Prescott: No, we are not trying to telegraph any kind of nearer term implications. We have been running well above a two-year-old financial model virtually every quarter. And every time we are out with investors they ask if are going to update that. We were planning on doing that next week, so we thought we would preview that for this call. But we will run as best we ran toward that model and in that model and over perform if we are able to. But again, within a given quarter based on timing of spending and volumes in the business, will move around within that window a bit. But the short virtually answer was theres no telegraphing of any nearer term activities in that range.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: Okay. And then maybe lastly on the China initiative, can you give us any color on the magnitude of the investment you are going to be putting in as you go to launch late next year, maybe giving us a little bit on what the actual strategy is direct or distribution
Tom Prescott: Im going to stop short of giving you a view strategy, because Richard Twomey, he was a very season hand and this part of the world is going to be previewing that for at a reasonable level of detail for the audience during our Analyst Day a week from today, actually, in New York. I will tell you that it is an investment. We are in investment mode, but we have been in investment mode. And we are metering these along with the rest of the business as we have been even through the very serious downturn. We continue to make the right investments in our highest priorities and China is a high priority for us. So you will hear a bit more about that next Thursday.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: Fair enough. Thank you for the time.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Matt. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Spencer Nam with Madison Williams &Company. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Spencer Nam  Madison Williams &Company: Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple questions on the outlook and also new product launch. First of all, it seemed like the Q4 outlook was somewhat predicted, somewhat unpredicted and I was just curious how you guys have a handle on the long-term growth when the near-term outlook seems somewhat of a unpredictable situation?
Tom Prescott: Spencer, I guess there is two pieces that tie together. I will answer the second part of it first and then come back to how we think more broadly about the business. We are out surveying our customers frequently. We do bottoms up and top down forecasting across our customer base and our field organizations around the world several times a quarter. And one fact that keeps  and we go in and do the same thing with consumers. One thing that comes back to us again and again is that our customer base typically doesn't think about business forecasting. That's especially the case for a GP practice. They are  and I don't mean this in a bad way. They are more so up to treat those who come in the door for the conditions, their primary complaint. And they think less about how do I drive the business forward and how I think about initiatives Im taking now to create growth in my practice. So even when we survey our customers and they project growth or expansion, that doesn't mean they tie that out to a business plan and action and deliver on that. Secondly, for a customer that is doing two or three a quarter perhaps or even less, for them if they do two instead of three, that doesn't seem like a big deal to them. But at 4,000 or 5,000 customers do, one fewer case, suddenly we have 4 to 5,000 to 6,000 cases that we were expecting based on what our discussions with them were to show up. And that's what you are looking at here. A broad base of fairly low volume customers that it just not going to come out of summer with the effort and activities leading to case starts. That's the second part of your question about visibility. We work really hard, but yet we can't know when our customers don't look up stream and we are working on figuring out a way around that. Again, we have greater visibility into orthodontist efforts because they are bit more pragmatic in market. Back to your  the first part of your question, the long-term strategy, we put a lot of effort into building blocks of our strategy and have been successful over the last three, four years at executing on those and delivering growth and progress in a business from the top line all the way down to the bottom line. And so we have good visibility, good execution and high confidence in that and we do have a more bullish view of the mid and long-term even if the face of a more challenging drift in the GP in North America. But we believe we are going to get that fixed. That's maybe the second part of your question.
Spencer Nam  Madison Williams &Company: Yeah, appreciate that. On the new product side with the Invisalign G3 and also expansion to China, I mean, what are some of the strategies you guys are looking at how to push G3 into this somewhat of a choppy environment and what kind of  the processes or precautions, if you will, are you taking moving it to China while the established business may be going through some changes as well as some of these  only somewhat of an unexpected fluctuations in business?
Tom Prescott: Well, those are two pretty  we look at them as related in some level. But if we take a look at  there are three pieces there, I guess if I unpack it. The first is what we are doing in China. The second is what is G3's impact? Does it help or hurt? And the third is does GP, does GP specifically if I heard you correctly, help maybe as specially as low volume customers. So I will set China aside for a moment. G3 actually helps and we put a great deal of effort into a pre announcing and pre training and ask the expert calls. We have had great attendance by Orthos and GPs on those calls and not just original call but they can do it on demand later. We had an enormous poll upgrading of the new ClinCheck software, the new doctor site which replaced VIP and so we saw a very rapid transition by high and low volume customers to new technology platform. And understand, these are clinicians that don't change easily. So we were very pleased to see how quickly they pulled this technology. We had  Orthos, within the first day setting up very complex cases to try the new precision cuts feature as I mentioned a moment ago on the call. And to us that's a homerun because they are out testing and trying on a much more complicated class two or class three case. These new features that would have been more of a hassle before. On the G3 side, we are hearing while it is a little daunting for the very first look, it is far easier to use for the doctor and the staff. They can see the whole account at a glance. So we believe  we went into this huge G3 evolution with our eyes wide open. The feedback across the board after we have gotten through the first week is, it looks like it really will help. Now, getting back to how we get activity and effort in the GPs offices is just good, be blocking and tackling as we head through Q4 and reestablish growth going into next year. China, we are going to take this great product evolution and that will be our starting point for our Chinese customers. They are going to get the benefit of all the other progress we have made. So we are starting them at a different evolution of wherein advice where Invisalign is versus our North American and European customers that weve had to bring along. So we think thats just going to be net benefit.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Spencer. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Jonathan Block with SunTrust Banks Inc. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Jonathan Block  SunTrust Banks Inc.: First question, Tom. I believe this ones for you and it might be somewhat similar to some of the past questions, asked a different way. He mentioned some of the disappointment coming from largely the GP channel. What I am trying to flush out here is was it disappointing across the GP channel where utilization which is below, where you guys were expecting or was there any subset that essentially went to 0 because they turned off and Invisalign and may be trying a competitor? The others hung in there and pulled down the entire mean, or was it just across the board, like I said patient volumes weakened to dental offices and the mean all across sort of stepped down, if you would?
Ken Arola: So, Jonathan, it is actually the latter. We look at this  first of all, we can't speak for the whole dental industry. We are seeing a slice of it. So we are certainly looking at the dental industry in a keenly and watching what the real benchmark companies do. For us it was across the board in every segment of our North American GP customer base. Volumes were down as we expected through the summer. They just didn't come back Labor Day and beyond and that was the surprise to us. As we dug into that, certainly what we and certainly we heard in spades at the ADA a few weeks ago, was that they were  traffic was slower. A good example is, 'gee I have a patient that would have gone for a full mouth restoration is doing individual tooth restoration.' People are pulling back a little bit and they are not doing premium procedures. Now, we can't quantify that today, but that's again when we went looking for what's going on. The second thing is there were some lower volume customers that dropped out during Q2. So, if they would have done one or two in a prior quarter, maybe they disappeared completely in Q3, yet we expect to see them again. And that not gone forever and there is no evidence they went to competition, none. And so they just, again, we think this is right now and I try to say as clearly as I could, we believe the strong results in Q2 in the GP channel, even though we had removed during the Q1 call in April, we announced that we are removing the minimum case requirement. We believe we are a little further past of proficiency program. And we think really not reaching for the 10 cases a year probably was a factor in some of these practices. So with all of that rolled up together. That's what you see rolled up into our Q4 outlook.
Jonathan Block  SunTrust Banks Inc.: Okay. So then just the second part of the first question because I want to make sure I'm clear on this one. You believe your share, your market share within GP is absolutely unchanged. The problems are across the board where the weakest was felt across the board?
Tom Prescott: Absolutely.
Jonathan Block  SunTrust Banks Inc.: Just second question, Ken, this one might be for you. You speak to the long-term guidance. I realize that is not for four q10 in, but you speaking long-term guarantee thats got two or three quarters with our Margins bouncing around 23% and 26% and you wish you got inch for 19% to 20% in the fourth quarter I believe non-GAAP. So what's going on there? I know you mentioned some one-time stuff, but is it really sort of start up costs in China thats costing you 300 to 400 pips? Thank you.
Tom Prescott: You are talking about quarter to quarter, specifically. Heres a couple things going on, one certainly with the volume drop off in quarter forth on the case perspective has impacts obviously on gross margins as well operating margins. As far as operating expenses are concerned on a quarter to quarter basis, we were actually behind in headcount additions in core Europe and we have people on board now or signed up to come on board during the fourth quarter, so we will see that expense come into play. And the international arena was also a little slow in advertising during the summer because of the holidays. So they picked that up in the fourth quarter. And then  from China we have been spending in China. It has been a few head counts as far as expenses go, but as we look forward now we will be looking at getting an office space set up and those types of things. We are not talking large dollars, but it adds to the overall increase quarter over quarter.
Jonathan Block  SunTrust Banks Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Drew Jones with Stephens Inc. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Drew Jones  Stephens Inc.: Thanks guys, just a couple quick ones. First, just kind of shifting gears a little bit. As we look at the teen product, what percentage of the mix do GPs make up? And is that growing?
Ken Arola: Drew, GPs make up a very small percentage of that overall mix of teens product. Product has been targeted toward orthos and even since weve introduced the product it has been relatively flat on a quarter-over-quarter basis. The growth you see in the teen product is coming from the ortho space.
Drew Jones  Stephens Inc.: Okay. Okay. And then last one, obviously you guys have been pretty active on the promotional front. As we look at that awareness and marketing span and I don't think you guys will specifically break this out, but can you give us an idea how that is trending this year and your expectations going into 2011?
Ken Arola: Yeah. Now, this year I would say the way to think about the trending of spending is that we have been relatively consistent over the first three quarter of the year. Quarter four, we go down a little bit in our advertising spend. This year there has been a shift in advertising with the teen product. More specifically in the summer we came out with a new ad related to teens, specifically addressing moms and teenagers. We have shift in spending from adults towards teens. And then things that Tom mentioned on the call like the Teen Choice Awards and some of the things we have done around that and various event kind of marketing activities has shifted some of that. But the overall spend has been  it typically falls off in quarter four and relatively consistent over the first three quarters of the year. And well share more next  next year we start getting into Q1 guidance. But, we are going through our plan right now and we will be looking at how we want to look at our advertising spend next year. But we have been spending on a mixed basis, more toward digital and social media advertising as well as TV.
Drew Jones  Stephens Inc.: Right. And I guess on an absolute dollar basis versus 2009, it is up?
Ken Arola: We will probably be spending a little bit more next year in advertising, yeah.
Drew Jones  Stephens Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Robert Gold with Brigantine Advisors. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Robert Gold  Brigantine Advisors: Thank you. Hi, guys. Just a quick question getting back to the demand factors at play here. And I'm just trying to get a sense of are you really getting  are you seeing some of these patients just simply not being treated or do you get a sense they are may be converting to wire and brackets and I guess my concern there is going forward. Are these patients that are potential Invisalign patients now, no longer in the Invisalign pipeline, I guess so to speak?
Tom Prescott: Well, again, since  well, first of all the summary  if I go back three or four years, summertime is when we got crushed in the ortho channel. We continue to do well in the ortho channel and continue because the biggest chunk of starts for pediatric and teen cases occurs in the summer months when kids are not in school and mom and dad can get them there for their long series of appointments. So again, whatever the market gives us, we are willing to take share and we believe we again managed a gross share nicely this year. We believe it will continue to be up above the ortho manufacturers. They mostly reflect pure orthodontic business. Our issue is on the GP side, fairly and so in the summer typically GP volumes go down anyways. A lot of the customers that GPs treat are adults and adults are not top of mind thinking of treatment in the middle of summer. GPs offices are closed more. Dental visits go down in general. Normally, it comes back after Labor Day. It didn't this year. A, we don't certainly on the clear liner side, if anything we gained share, even in a tougher market environment. B, certainly that was the case in ortho. We believe we took share from all the traditional brackets and wire manufacturers and we believe growth rates will bear that out if you look at the ortho numbers. Most of the orthodontic manufacturers to the extent they report news are only talking about ortho starts and we grew very nicely and our teen starts grew very nicely in Q3. And then the last point would be on the GP side, there are very few GPs that do fixed appliances, so. When a patient doesn't start it is probably because the GP and the office isn't really geared up to work on selling it, so our view is and when we go calibrate with consumer demand and available patient populations, there are still tens of millions of patients out there who said they wanted a better smile and are still poking around about how to find the right doctor to do that. So patients are there. We have not lost share. And this is really a sideways drift in the North American GP channel for us that we are setting on fixing.
Robert Gold  Brigantine Advisors: Okay. Got it. Thank you. Just one housekeeping thing, the tax rate for Q3 was pretty well below what I was anticipating. Is there something behind that, the OUS shift or is there something there.
Tom Prescott: No, it is right in the range of what we communicated last quarter on our guidance.
Robert Gold  Brigantine Advisors: So 28% would be something in Q4 and then going forward?
Tom Prescott: Yeah, In fact I commented on the call that it was going to be 28%approximately for the quarter.
Robert Gold  Brigantine Advisors: Okay. Im sorry. Sorry, I just missed that. And then just finally on the G3 product, can you just talk about how, what the impact is on the margins? I know you said there was a little depression there from G3.
Tom Prescott: Sure. So with G3 one of the things we are allowing doctors to do is slow down tooth movements. And with that it will do, is add a few extra Aligners per case. What we are going to be doing is offering up what are calling it passive Aligners. So for example if you have an upper that is using 20 stages of Aligners and a lower arch with 18 stages of Aligners. We are going to add passive Aligners to the lower arch so they have 20 stages for each arch, but two on the lower arch, this will not have any movement with them. They will just hold the teeth in place. But it gives doctors better predict ability on outcomes. If I pile on for a second, that's actually an investment by us. And as we have tested it, we believe that overtime will lead to lower refinement rates, lower midcourse correction rates and ultimately higher net margins. It is slowing down slightly very marginally. Some cases with difficult movements, but ultimately lowering total cost of the treatment and increasing quality and predict ability. That's one of the bets embedded in G3.
Robert Gold  Brigantine Advisors: And better economics at the physician level, ultimately.
Tom Prescott: Absolutely. And less hassle factor for sure.
Robert Gold  Brigantine Advisors: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Tom Prescott: Thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. And thank you everybody for joining us. This concludes our conference call for today. We look forward to seeing you at our upcoming analyst meeting next week in New York on October 28th and other upcoming conferences such as the Credit Suisse Healthcare Conference on November 10th or the Lazard conference on November 16th and 17th. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you very much for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-22 16:00:00) =====
Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN):
Executives: Shirley Stacy  Senior Director, IR Tom Prescott  President & CEO Ken Arola  VP of Finance & CFO
Analysts: Derek Leckow  Barrington Research Associates Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners Jose Haresco [ph]  JMP Securities [ph] Jonathan Block  SunTrust Robert Gold  Brigantine Advisors
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Align Technology second quarter 2010 financial results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Thank you Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Im Shirley Stacy, Senior Director of Investor Relations. And joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and Ken Arola, Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me cover some housekeeping items. We issued our second quarter fiscal 2010 financial results press release today via GlobeNewswire and FirstCall which is available on our Web site at investor.aligntech.com. Todays conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our Web site for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on August 4th. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with account number 292 followed by pound and conference number 353357 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same account number and conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including without limitation, statements of Aligns future events, product outlook and expected financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2010. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more details in our Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2010. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Please also note that on this conference call, well provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures, where practical, are contained in todays financial results press release, which we posted on our Web site under Financial Releases and have furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. Weve also posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliation and our second quarter conference call slides on our Web site under quarterly results. Please refer to these files in more detail for information. And with that, Id like to turn the call over to Align Technologys President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. On the call today, Ill cover some highlights from the second quarter and provide an update on our strategic initiatives. Ken will follow with some detail on our second quarter financials and outlook for the third quarter. Ill come back with some closing comments and open the call up to your questions. Q2 was an outstanding quarter for Align. Our Invisalign business continues to outperform our expectations resulting in our third consecutive quarter for record revenues and case shipments even without the positive effects from the release of 14.3 million of previously deferred revenue for Invisalign Teen as well as a credit of 8.7 million from an insurance settlement related to the OrthoClear litigation. Overall, Q2 volumes were strong, particularly for our international channel which helped drive sequential and year-over-year growth for Align. We are pleased to see continued strong interest among our leading customers. At key customer events including the AAO and CDA in North America and several smaller meetings in Europe, weve had a chance to spend time with many of our customers and gain a current view of how theyre doing and what we can do to help continue or we can continue to help to them grow their businesses. On a sequential basis, we also saw improvement with our lower volume customers. Field sales reps in North America continue to focus their efforts on helping those doctors that want to increase their confidence in treating with Invisalign and grow their practices. A significant number of our lower volume customers are very interested in increasing their use of Invisalign and practice development programs such as Invisalign days in which a full day is allocated for Invisalign consultations in case management have been particularly helpful for those practices. The primary way were building our business is to continue driving adoption of Invisalign into existing practices while expanding our customer base by training the right practices in North America and internationally. We made progress in both these areas in Q2, so lets review the key metrics that measure our performance. Utilization rates are what we call same practice sales of our product and the number of new doctors trained. In Q2, total utilization increased across our customer base and was up again both sequentially and year-over-year to 3.7 cases per quarter. This is compared to 3.5 in Q1 and 3.0 in the same quarter last year and reflects an increase of 6% and 23% respectively. By customer channel, Q2 utilization increased to 5.8 cases per Ortho, 2.8 cases per GP, and 3.8 cases per international doctor. An increase of at least 5% sequentially and 24% from the same quarter last year for each channel in North America and increase of 4% sequentially and 8% year-over-year for international doctors. This performance is consistent with our goal of increasing utilization of Invisalign in practice as we gain share. During Q2, we trained 960 new doctors, compared to 915 in Q1 and 1,480 in Q2 a year ago. Of those, 565 were North American doctors and 395 were international. Now Id like to turn to an update on our strategic initiatives. As you know, our strategic game plan has a series of key elements that we discuss briefly each quarter. The first is to accelerate product and technology innovation which includes product like Invisalign Teen as well as significant evolution in new features and functionality and in customer phasing software. Second, continually working to enhance the customer experience, which we typically address through evolutions in those customer facing systems. Third, increasing the effectiveness of our consumer demand creation process and extending brand awareness for Invisalign. And finally, continuing to drive international growth principally in Europe, while were opening up additional new markets around the world. So starting with product first, Ill provide a brief update on Invisalign Teen, which for us means both the specific Invisalign Teen product and the all important teenage orthodontic segment. In Q2, we continued to gain traction in the teenage market segment for orthodontic case starts. Teenage patients 19 and under using Invisalign products increased 10% sequentially and 40% year-over-year to make up 22% of total worldwide volume. This is compared to 20% of worldwide volume in Q2 2009 and 17% of the total in Q2 2008; reflecting continued steady share gain in the teenage segment. In addition to gaining share of the teenage segment overall, the average age of our teenage patients has begun shifting towards younger patients, 11 to 17 years old, which represents the bulk of teen orthodontic case starts. In Q2, the average age of our teenage starts was 15.5 and wed expect it to get a bit younger as our penetration in this segment continues. In terms of our Invisalign Teen specific product, Q2 revenues were 8.4 million or 9% of total revenues, an increase of 3% sequentially and 53% from Q2 a year ago. Q2 teen volume was 6,800 cases or 10% of total volume, a slight decrease from 7,400 or 11.6% of total volume in Q1. As mentioned on the Q1 call, the initial Invisalign Teen promotion was intended to drive initial usage and repeat rates and was very successful in getting doctors to use Invisalign Teen on their patients, both teens and adults alike. As the promo was then changed to exclude adults, the comps are masking the continued underlying growth of teenage patients. For Q2, North American teenagers using Invisalign Teen increased 10% sequentially and 52% from the same quarter a year ago. This nice progress plus faster growth in the teenage segment overall means were continuing to gain share. Beyond new market-specific products like Teen, we continue to deliver significant evolutions in product features and functionality as well as customer-facing systems, like the one we released last October. In this fall we will launch the largest such evolution in our history, a collection of innovation that will touch every product and virtually every system at Align that has been engineered to deliver even better, more predictable clinical results with wider applicability that will allow our doctors to treat more complex and challenging cases. As part of this launch, significant improvements and enhancements are being made in our customer-facing systems like VIP and ClinCheck. These improvements are designed to make it easier for our doctors and staff to communicate their treatment plans, reduce ClinCheck treatment plan revisions and manage account details. Were very excited about whats coming, because we believe these new features and overall improved performance will have an even greater positive impact on adoption than we saw with our very successful release last October. Over time, we expect a significant evolution will continue to support more widespread adoption into our customers practices. As we get closer to release, well have more detail to share with you regarding these very exciting developments. Turning to consumer demand initiatives, consumer interest remains strong during Q2 thanks to our integrated consumer marketing platform which integrates conventional print media, PR and event marketing and digital media and social networking. On the conventional print and media side, our overall advertising spend remained flat compared to Q1, but was up compared to Q2 of last year. Our advertising messaging has been focused on two key targets, reinforcing the value of adult treatment, and reminding younger consumers about Invisalign Teen. With media emphasis on national cable networks such as Bravo, Lifetime, the Travel Channel and TBS. On the public relations front, we continue to focus on programs that reach and educate prospective teen patients and their parents while also integrating adult treatment messaging. In Q2, we generated great local and national media coverage in more than 220 markets through our Spring Beauty Tips & Trends and Family Summer Survival & Family Fun satellite media tours which were focused on Invisalign Teen. Thats for event marketing. Summer offers a good opportunity to reach teens and their families at events where they live, play, or vacation. In Q2, we kicked off Journeys Backyard Barbeque Tour as an official sponsor and event participate. This nationwide action sports tour hosted over 81,000 attendees in five major cities. In addition to our Invisalign Smile station at each tourist stop, we hosted a lead generating sweepstakes with onsite and online entry opportunities and brought in and involved local area doctors to do Q&A on consumer education. Q2 also marked the launch of a new entertainment-based marketing platform to create even more excitement for Invisalign Teen. This is a great example of how event marketing, PR and digital media can work together to leverage our marketing opportunities. This effort will involve celebrity Invisalign patients in a variety of marketing activities, including public relations efforts with the press and social media activity online. Were very excited about launching this marketing platform in conjunction with Invisalign sponsorship of the annual Teen Choice Awards which airs primetime on August 9 on FOX. As part of our red carpet presence, the Invisalign Smile Cam will be on-site with teenage celebrity correspondents encouraging celebrity attendees to have their photos taken to help support Americas Tooth fairy, the National Childrens Oral Health Foundation or NCOHF. For every celebrity that takes a photo, Align will donate $1,000 and those celebs smiles will be uploaded in Invisalign Teen Facebook page during pre-show broadcast. In addition, well offer each of the five nominees in the Choice Smile Award category, the opportunity to gift Invisalign treatment to an underserved youth. Were working closely with FOX to coordinate an exciting and high impact Red Carpet presence at the show as well as heavy digital media sponsorships and social media activity leading up to and surrounding the Teen Choice Awards. Shifting to our international growth initiatives, our international team delivered a strong quarter with record shipments in every region. Q2 case volumes of 16,000 or nearly 24% of our worldwide volume increased 23% sequentially and 33% year-over-year. Q2 non-GAAP revenues of 22 million or 23% of total increased 10% sequentially and 22% from the same quarter last year. At the beginning of Q2, we launched Invisalign Lite and so far its off to a good start with positive adoption across Europe. Recall please, that Invisalign Lite replaced Invisalign Express in Europe and offers doctors a new option for less complex orthodontic cases such as short-term aesthetic cases, relapsed cases and pre-restorative treatments using a limited number of aligners at a more affordable overall price. And to ensure that our international team continues to deliver those great results, Im very pleased that we now have Richard Twomey onboard as our new VP International. Richard has extensive senior management experience with several large med-tech companies including 13 years leading Johnson & Johnsons DePuy Orthapaedic International Business. His first day on the job was July 12, and he is quickly coming up to speed in our market and our business. Richard will ultimately be based here in San Jose and Im sure many of you will get a chance to meet him sometime in the near future. Ill now turn the call over to Ken for more detail on our second quarter financials and our outlook for Q3. And Ill come back for a few closing remarks.
Ken Arola: Thanks, Tom. Q2 was a great quarter across the board and Im very pleased with our results. Before I reveal our second quarter financials in more detail, Id like to describe two items that are included in our GAAP financials that for comparison to previous quarters are excluded from our non-GAAP financials. First, the release of $14.3 million of previously deferred revenues for Invisalign Teen replacement aligners. Recall, that Invisalign Teen includes up to six free replacement aligners and revenue for those aligners were deferred based on 100% of the fair market value for the aligners, or approximately $350 per case until the case completed or the aligners were used. Over the past two years, weve evaluated the usage experience of Invisalign Teen replacement aligners and now have sufficient historical evidence to support a deferral for estimated usage of approximately $20 per case. As a result, in Q2 we reduced deferred revenue on the balance sheet for all in-process Teen cases to reflect the new estimated usage and recognized 14.3 million of incremental revenue. Going forward, for all new Teen case shipments we will defer approximately $20 per case for replacement aligners and recognize replacement aligner revenue as it is used. With this significant lower estimated usage, we expect minimal deferral impacts to the P&L and balance sheet related to all new Teen case shipments. Although on a sequential basis, Q2 to Q3, there will be some favorable impact to revenue as a result of the change in estimated usage. The great thing is that teenagers are being very compliant and not losing their aligners. Second, operating expenses reflect $8.6 million credit for insurance settlement related to the OrthoClear litigation. Now lets review Q2. Q2 net revenue was $108.2 million, an increase of 20.1% sequentially and 41.8% from the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP net revenue which excludes the release of 14.3 million for previously deferred revenue just mentioned was 93.9 million, an increase of 4.2% sequentially and 23% year-over-year. The sequential increase in non-GAAP net revenue reflects higher Invisalign case volumes, offset somewhat by lower ASPs. The decrease in Q2 ASPs resulted primarily from foreign exchange rates associated with international shipment, as the dollar has strengthened against the euro, higher levels of volume discounting including the 15% additional rebate we offered to elite and premiere providers in quarter two and to a much lesser extent the consumer rebate. Case shipments of 67.5000 in Q2 increased 6.1% sequentially and 27.3% from the same quarter last year. Strong international volumes drove sequential growth in quarter two. North American Ortho and GPs continued to remain engaged as a greater number of doctors obtained advance rebate discounts during the quarter. On a year-over-year basis, case growth was strong across all customer channels. Q2 non-GAAP revenue by channel consisted of 39.8% for North American GPs, 31% for North America orthodontists, 23.5% for international, and 5.7% for non-case revenue. Q2 non-GAAP revenue by product consisted of 71.9% for Invisalign Full, 9.3% for Invisalign Express, 9% for Invisalign Teen, 4.1% for Invisalign Assist, and 5.7% for non-case revenues. Moving on to gross margin, Q2 GAAP gross margin was 80.4% compared to 77.4% in quarter one and 76% in the same quarter last year. Stock-based compensation expense included in gross margin was $401,000 in quarter two, compared to 435,000 in quarter one and 406,000 in the same quarter last year. Q2 non-GAAP gross margin which excludes the impact from the release of previously deferred revenue was 77.4% compared to 78.3% in quarter one and 76% in quarter two, 2009. The sequential change in non-GAAP gross margin primarily reflects the benefit from higher case volumes, offset primarily by the impact of foreign exchange rates and higher levels of volume discounts. Q2 GAAP operating expenses of 41.7 million include the $8.7 million credit for an insurance settlement related to the OrthoClear litigation. This is compared to 49 million in quarter one and 51.7 million in the same quarter last year. Stock-based compensation included in Q2 operating expense was 3.8 million and compares to 3 million in quarter one and 3.9 million in the same quarter last year. Q2 non-GAAP operating expense which excludes the credit for insurance settlement was 50.3 million compared to 49 million in quarter one 2010 and 51.3 million in the same quarter last year. Q2 non-GAAP operating expense was relatively unchanged from Q1 2010 and Q2 last year, and reflects lower than anticipated spending related to G&A expenses and international marketing programs during the quarter. Q2 GAAP operating income was 45.3 million and compares to 20.7 million in Q1 2010 and 6.3 million in quarter two a year ago. Excluding the impact from the release of previously deferred revenue and the credit for an insurance settlement, Q2 non-GAAP operating income was 22.4 million or 23.8%. This compares to 21.5 million or 24% in quarter one and 6.7 million or 8.7% in the same quarter last year. Our strong operating margins this quarter reflect leverage in our financial model from continued overachievement in volumes as well as lower than expected spending. Q2 GAAP diluted earning per share was $0.42 compared to $0.19 in quarter one and $0.07 in the same quarter last year. Q2 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.21 compared to $0.20 in quarter one and $0.07 in Q2 of last year. Now lets move on to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities were $244.8 million. This is compared to 186.5 million at the end of 2009. In Q2, we generated roughly 42.6 million in cash from operations compared to 18.7 million in quarter one and 18.5 million in the same quarter last year. Q2 DSOs were 60 days compared to 59 days in quarter one and 63 days in the same quarter last year. Deferred revenue on the balance sheet decreased to 27 million at the end of the quarter as a result of the release of previously deferred seen revenue. Now lets turn to our business outlook for the third quarter of 2010. Before I get into the details, I would like to outline several factors that contribute to our view of quarter three. The summer timeframe is typically the busiest time in ortho practices that have a high percentage of adolescent and teenage patients. Last year, we saw solid sequential growth from Q2 to Q3 and expect that we will continue to gain share in this very important segment this summer. We believe the expected growth in teenage case starts will be offset somewhat by slower traffic in GPs and European doctors offices. Also, because of the summer vacation schedules, we typically hold fewer training classes during summer months and therefore expect to have less training revenue in quarter three as compared to quarter two. And lastly, approximately 90% of our international business is done in Europe where we are exposed to the euro. Therefore major changes in quarter-to-quarter in foreign exchange rates can impact top-line revenue and gross margin as we saw in quarter two. Now lets go through more detail on the outlook. For quarter three, we expect case volume to be in a range of 66 to 68,000 cases and revenue to be in a range of 92 to $95 million. We expect Q3 GAAP gross margin to be comparable to quarter two and be in the range of 77.3 to 77.8%, reflecting some impact from foreign exchange rate offset somewhat by lower levels of discounting and lower levels of training revenues which carry nominal gross margin. We expect Q3 GAAP operating expenses to be in a range of 52.5 to $53.5 million. The increase in Q3 operating expenses reflects increased spending in international sales and marketing to expand sales coverage and media advertising. Consumer demand programs in North America including advertising and media especially for Invisalign Teen around the Teen Choice Awards, as well as continued investment in product and technology innovation. In Q3, we expect operating margin to be in a range of 20.2 to 21.4% and earnings per share to be in a range of 0.16 to $0.18. In quarter three, we expect the effective tax rate to be in a range of approximately 28 to 30%. From a cash position, we expect to pay minimal cash taxes as we can utilize the net operating losses on our tax returns. We expect diluted shares outstanding for quarter three to be approximately 78 million shares and from a balance sheet perspective cash on hand at the end of quarter three is expected to be approximately 255 to $260 million. Ill now turn the call back to Tom for some closing comments.
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Ken. Just to recap, Q2 was another great quarter for Align and Im pleased with our results. Even without the two positive effects we previously discussed, we had our third consecutive quarter of record volume in revenues and our operating margin was 24% significantly higher than our expectations. As you can see from our results over the first half of 2010, weve also made significant progress towards our strategic initiatives. Were continuing to see the benefits from our new products including the new features and enhancements we launched last October and were even more excited about the upcoming release this fall. We continue to make steady progress in the teenage segment and are looking forward to competing for our share of share in the orthos office over the remainder of this summer. And finally Ill remind you to watch for us on August 9 at the Teen Choice Awards. And with that, Ill open up the call to your questions. Operator?
Operator: 
Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Derek Leckow with Barrington Research Associates. Please proceed with your question.:
Derek Leckow  Barrington Research Associates: Hi, everybody. Thanks a lot and congratulations on a great quarter, and especially congratulations on that Teen information, thats really nice to see.
Tom Prescott: Great. Thanks, Derek.
Derek Leckow  Barrington Research Associates: The teenage patient volume being up 10% sequentially, you said that was masked by the fact you had this promotion going on. But I wondered will we see that become more or like the parity number or the number actually equals the teenage population adopting the product next quarter?
Tom Prescott: Probably a quarter or two were going to see some kind of comparative effects until we actually get past the time when we had that promotion in play which is really the end of the year. But I think what were trying to do is show you as you just described in two ways, one is whats going on with the Invisalign Teen product as well as whats going on in the all important teenage segment. And I think, as weve described were sequentially growing in virtually every quarter which is our primary goal.
Derek Leckow  Barrington Research Associates: And does this have more of an impact over the summer month, as you mentioned this is when we see more of the balance of teenage case starts beginning here in this quarter. It will be tougher for us to see that I think in the fourth quarter; is that right?
Tom Prescott: Well, I guess maybe stepping back, we do know that the lions share, an outsized percentage and weve heard numbers as high as35% to 40% of the pediatric and adolescent starts in the North American orthos office happen during those summer months, kind of June to the beginning of September. So thats where the traditional orthodontic suppliers do most of their volume. Were trying to bore our way and get some of that share. So if we can show sequential increase through the whole cycle thats positive, we still have a lot of head room to grow. But I guess I dont want to get into Q4 yet, lets see where we wind up through the end of Q3 and then well talk about our expectations for continued Teen growth into the fourth quarter when we get there.
Derek Leckow  Barrington Research Associates: Yes, I think what Im trying to gauge here, Tom, is just the rate of penetration. I think you guys mentioned youre at, you thought 3% or 4% penetration in the Teen market overall. I just wanted to know what you thought will be as a reasonable goal to achieve by lets say next year at this time?
Tom Prescott: Let me just come back. What we think is I cant guarantee every quarters going to be sequential growth, right? (inaudible) seasonality and everything else. But what we believe is the kind of growth in general into the teenage segment is sustainable for a while; because with the opportunity is there is to continue to gain share. Again to do that, weve got to execute well, weve got to have the right evolution in products and everything else. But, I think we have a view that we can continue to grow share for some period of time.
Derek Leckow  Barrington Research Associates: And just one more quick question here. The new product youre launching in the fall, does this have anything to do with your collaboration with Danaher or is this a different product?
Tom Prescott: No, this is another significant evolution, more significant evolution than what we did last October, which really touched virtually every product. Features, functionality, software, et cetera. And this will be probably one of the largest releases in our history.
Ken Arola: And Derek, this is Ken, just to add to that. Its not specifically a product, but as Tom said features and functionality in the product and easier to use engagement with the doctors through our software systems.
Tom Prescott:
 :
Derek Leckow  Barrington Research Associates: And does this deal with the collaboration with Danaher?
Tom Prescott: This is simply Align. Were still in the early stages of defining a very different unmet set of needs for extremely complex cases. Today, they decline treatment because they dont want just brackets and wires. And today, most orthodontists wouldnt use Invisalign as their first choice. Thats why they have a totally different opportunity.
Derek Leckow  Barrington Research Associates: Thanks. Let me jump back in the queue. I appreciate all the questions. Thanks a lot.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Derek. Next question, operator.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Dolan with Roth Capital Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: Hi guys, good afternoon. Congrats on the numbers.
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Matt.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: First question Tom, maybe you can help us with the pacing of the business that you saw throughout the quarter; now that the Proficiency minimum case requirements are behind you. Did you see that anticipated drop in usage from your lower volume group or was there less of an impact than you expected?
Tom Prescott: Well, maybe Ill take the high level and Ken can speak in context of guidance. Again, when we sat here three months ago, we literally were announcing this to our customers as we announced it to you. And so there was some uncertainty for us. What played out during the quarter looked a little more normal for summer; orthodontists were at their office at trade shows and other kind of things. We saw GPs that were trying to grow their practice, continuing to trying to grow their practice. Those GP practices that werent that engaged, didnt do much. We didnt see anything precipitous with the minimum case requirements going off the board. And again, I think weve worked through that now. We can put it behind us. And I think we have pretty good visibility going forward.
Ken Arola: Yes. And if I add to that Matt, if you think about some of the events we were at over the past quarter, like the AAO as an example, we saw good engagement with the orthodontists at that show and that was right after we had change the case requirement. But the doctors were very pleased, theyre engaged, our booth was full all day long with the doctors getting training and the like. So just as one data point, the enthusiasm is there from the ortho perspective. And the overall from a quarterly perspective, the GPs maintained their volumes in total, relatively consistent with last quarter, quarter one to quarter two. And one of the other things Im really pleased about is, we did have more advantage rebate discounts that we gave out but we have more doctors hitting those levels of cases for the quarter. So thats a good thing.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: All right. Thats helpful. And then, if we can shift to the international business, weve seen several quarters now very strong growth there. How sustainable do you feel that is? Are you opening up new territories in Asia or South America, or is this just the core business and Western Europe still just kind of taking off? And is that a sustainable trajectory?
Tom Prescott: So the short answer is yes and its both. We continue to make progress. Again, on small relative basis, in each of these markets were still small players. In some markets orthodontic penetration is lagging far behind the North America. So if I take those in pieces, a core Europe which is the biggest part of volume, continues do very well. Theyre a bit seasonal, and as you know everybody takes holiday for an extended period in the summer months. So we typically see Q2 as a solid quarter for them and they show that. This was across the five major countries in Europe that we support and pretty consistent, solid progress in each. And in each of those places we have opportunities to grow share and take more of the existing volume plus grow market in those places where we can add a little bit of consumer demand. When I come to the other geographies, certainly, China is a long-term opportunity. Theres no revenue there yet. Japan grew a little on a very small base for us. And then we have all the distributor geographies growing very nicely on volume, not quite as much revenue impact, because of the distributor margin, but growing actually at a rate faster in general than even Europe. So, very pleased with that. But again, its coming about from implementing new products, all the new technologies weve talked about here. And as we make the product better and get the offerings better and create better support, more localized support, customers do predictable things and use us and let us be a bigger part of their practice. So were pleased, but we still have a lot more to go. So Im not going to make a long-term projection, but were still very under penetrated into the existing market in core Europe and I think theres a lot more latent demand there to be had.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: And then finally, there has been a fair amount of market chatter out there surrounding competition and pending competitive launches. Can you just maybe give us your general take on Invisaligns competitive landscape as it stands today?
Tom Prescott: Well, we take every competitor very seriously. We are very prepared to compete. And were going to compete through continual evolution of the product, making it better, becoming a more indispensable partner with our practices that work with us, helping them grow their volume and their practice, bringing patients to their office, covering them with the best and largest sales force in the orthodontic industry. Our nearest competitor to us has as a sales force less than half our size and they focus on brackets and wires and may be some day a little bit of clear aligners. Our team focuses only on clear aligner therapy and is more practice management consultant than sales rep. So in addition, across the board were prepared to compete. That doesnt mean were looking forward to it, but its predictable that the leaders in this industry are going to do things like try to enhance their existing products. In Dentsply case, their MTM which theyve had for many years. In Ampcos case they simplify. I think theyre probably looking around at the wreckage after the last economic downturn saying this is probably one of the only segments in the dental industry that actually grew. So if I was in their shoes, Id do the same thing. And were going to make sure that were prepared to compete with that.
Matt Dolan  Roth Capital Partners: Great, thanks for the time, guys.
Tom Prescott: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jose Haresco [ph] with JMP Securities [ph]. Please proceed with your question.
Jose Haresco  JMP Securities: Hi, folks and congratulations on a really strong quarter.
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Jose.
Jose Haresco  JMP Securities: Lets talk about those margins for a bit. And Ken youd mentioned that as long as you guys keep seeing those increases in volume that it will really help the gross margins? At this point it has surpassed most of my expectations for where those margins could go. So could you give us a more of a kind of a longer term outlook on a three to five-year basis? Where can we see those margins go in the long run?
Ken Arola: Well, Jose, I guess Id answer your question as the following. We have our long-term model out there. Weve articulated that in the past. Were certainly very pleased that weve been exceeding that model in the recent quarters. But for the long-term, and our prospects of the business we still think thats the right long-term model to be running under. And it does a couple things; it allows us to continue to invest on strategic initiatives. At the same time, we think its providing us an opportunity to drive additional shareholder value over the longer term, while making those investments.
Jose Haresco  JMP Securities: So were still thinking kind of in the high 70s range, again over the long run?
Ken Arola: The model we have out there is 73 to 78 and were not providing any update on that. And we think well be driving within that range for the foreseeable future.
Jose Haresco  JMP Securities: Can you differentiate between how much of that improvement could be volume-driven versus further investments in the manufacturing technologies and the production license you got in South America?
Ken Arola: Well, the biggest driver as far as margins are concerned, gross margins are concerned is volume. So as you know when we have a significant uptick in revenues or on case shipments in a quarter, that gives us more leverage in our factories, because theyre relatively fixed cost in the factory, both in Juarez as well as Costa Rica, at least in the short-term perspective. Now over time, given case volumes and projected growth in the business, we continue to look at capacity and those types of things. We think we have ample capacity right now. And so if we continue to drive additional case volume in the business, keeping those margins in the range that we have out there as a long-term model. Now the other thing I would say is, dont forget that we do business in core Europe, in euros, so we are subject to exchange rate impacts there. We saw some of that this quarter from quarter one to quarter two, which puts a little bit of downward pressure on margins. And then were continuing to just every year drive additional efficiency into the factories.
Jose Haresco  JMP Securities: Alright, thanks again.
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Jose.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, Jose.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Block from SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Block  SunTrust: Thanks and good afternoon, guys. First question, just maybe on the consumer rebate program, you mentioned that it sounded like the program was successful. I dont believe youre running that in 3Q. So just may be what you guys experienced through that program. Is that something that you will bring up once a quarter on an annual basis; did it reach sort of the NPV goals, etc.?
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Jonathan. The short answer is it was successful and it wasnt used as much as we had anticipated. The reason why we spoke about it in the detail we did was because from an accounting perspective we had to project the worst possible impact about $1 million in cost and it got integrated into our guidance. And so with that as the framework, it was used substantially less and the way it worked out it was targeted at those lower volume GP practices that were wanting to elevate their practice and doing marketing and making efforts with the Align rep. And during those Invisalign days or other marketing activities, the rep in the office having one of those in their pocket, if they felt there was a consumer those on the fence ready to start or not start a case they could use that for $250 coupon which could be redeemed if they started before June 31. The fact is probably less than a third or those or around a third of those were actually used for what were distributed out to the sales force for these purposes. And the feedback which is great feedback from our customers said, it wasnt required to get them to say yes. So thats a wonderful, wonderful problem. So it wasnt used as much, there are no plans to do that in the future right now and it was a bit of a pilot and it accomplished a lot of its objectives.
Jonathan Block  SunTrust: Perfect. And then maybe just to switch gears and moving over to Proficiency, it would seem through your numbers and maybe even more importantly through your guidance that that should be behind investors. But just maybe if you can speak to what your sales reps are encountering every day out in the field? Is Proficiency in your mind sort of rear-view mirror? I mean, its over and done with or is it still cropping up some angst among some docs here and there?
Tom Prescott: Well, the answer is its really in the rear-view mirror for everybody. And there are no minimum case requirements. Weve had lots of opportunities to talk to thousands of our customers, orthos and GPs. And for the most part, the discussions were having with them is, even if they didnt really like it they understand what we were trying to accomplish. And many of those practices are now significantly more engaged than they were before. So, the short answer again is yes, that is in the rear-view mirror.
Jonathan Block  SunTrust: Last one if I can just slip it in. Ill sort of follow-up on Joses question, you said the gross margins, op margins; I think revenues I believe were up 23% year-over-year and non-GAAP OpEx actually it was down on an absolute basis. So whats going on there? Is it sort of all the restructuring investments in 2009 and where can op margins go long-term? Thanks, guys.
Ken Arola: Sure. So Ill go back to kind of the same answer that which is our long-term model out there. Were not updating at this point in time. We still again feel its the right model to be running the business under. Over the long-term just going back to investments we want to make, and Ill use China as an example, were going to looking at regulatory approval and then well be building up a team over there, a small team but, its investment for us for the long-term revenue opportunities. Over the past quarter, we had some savings in the G&A area on our OpEx for reasons that were good reasons. Our receivables are in excellent shape on days sales outstanding. So we had no requirement for bad debt reserves in the quarter. We under spent in some legal fees in the quarter and other areas. And were seeing that flow through the P&L here right now. So I think were being very mindful of our spend in the business and the restructuring we took when in late 2008, we started seeing some benefit over the second half of 2009 and were just continuing to be diligent about our spending and making sure were spending on the right things.
Jonathan Block  SunTrust: Thank you.
Tom Prescott: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Robert Gold with Brigantine Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Gold  Brigantine Advisors: Thanks for a great quarter, guys, really very strong. Just had a quick comment, weve heard from a lot of the comments across the med-techs base and also in the clinical testing markets that some patients are deferring physician visits and some elective surgical procedures have been deferred. So just kind of a question about the overall market dynamics in Europe and the U.S. given the uncertainties right now. And what youre hearing from the clinicians in kind of a pushback on that level?
Tom Prescott: So I mean, the geographies were talking about are very different with very different dynamics. I guess, it was slightly better news that came out today about European kind of the 16 countries in euro zone that are reporting slightly better economic activity and growth, which may be takes some broad risk off the table. I dont know if thats the answer. But the bigger fact for us, Robert is that were just very, very under-penetrated into an existing market. And then on the margin, our cost effective efforts to expand the category, expand the market are being rewarded. So there are still a very large number of potential patients. Were decades behind some of the other aesthetic procedures and growth into the latent demand for ophthalmology and some other aesthetic kinds of procedures. So I think the blessing here is for us that we dont yet track the broader market, because we have a slow penetration. If I break that down a bit more, what we hear from our customers in North America and Europe is schedules are solid and full. Theyre doing a lot of consults. Theyve learned to fight a little more for the business. They arent taking it for granted, so I think theyre probably working a bit harder. The orthodontists we talk to are extremely engaged. In North America theyre real busy time, and theyre at it hard. In Europe theyre kind of tying up loose ends before everybody disappears for middle of July kind of turns to the late August and they disappear on holiday. So its pretty quiet over there. But business is solid. If I get more focused in Europe, probably Germany has been a softer market in general, probably a bit more conservative. UK, Italy, Spain and some others have been really good. But again, the bigger fact is that our penetration is still very low, and at least where we are as a player and as a segment, we dont yet track market.
Robert Gold  Brigantine Advisors: Thats very helpful. Thank you. And just finally, outside of the U.S., I think you mentioned that ASPs in Q3 may be under a little bit of pressure and you mentioned that it was largely due to currency impact. Is there anything else at play there in terms of overall mix or discounting?
Ken Arola: So with our guidance in relation to currency, we think theres going to be some impact and we built some impact in there just like we saw this past quarter for core Europe. Other than that the only other things really impacting our ASPs is actually more in a favorable direction offsetting some of that potential FX impact is this past quarter we had an additional 15% rebate that we provided to our premiere and elite doctors. That was a one-quarter promotion for those doctors in quarter two and were not repeating that in quarter three. So well have some upside from and a little less discounting there and as well as on we only ran the rebate program in quarter two and thats not repeating in quarter three. So that will have some upward pressure on ASPs.
Robert Gold  Brigantine Advisors: Got you. Thank you very much.
Tom Prescott: Thank you, Robert.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, I would like to turn the floor back to management for any closing comments.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. And thank you everyone for joining us today. That concludes our conference call. If you have any further follow-up questions, please contact Align Investor Relations. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy  Senior Director, Investor Relations Tom Prescott  President and CEO Ken Arola  Vice President and CFO
Analyst: Shawn Fitz - Stephens Incorporated Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners Jonathan Block - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Ben Forrest - Summer Street Research
Operator: Call Starts Abruptly.  Technology First Quarter 2010 Financial Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us everyone. Im Shirley Stacy, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and Ken Arola, Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me cover some house-keeping item. We issued two press releases today via global newswire and first call regarding our first quarter fiscal 2010 financial results, and a strategic change in the proficiency program. Both press releases are available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Todays conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on May 5th. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with account number 292, followed by pound, and conference number 348442, followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415, with the same account number and conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements about Aligns future events, product outlook and expected financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2010. These forward-looking statements are only predictions that involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in our form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs estimates and predictions as of today. And Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Please also note on this conference call well provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures were practical, are contained in todays financial results press release, which have been posted on our website, at investor.aligntech.com under financial releases and furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. Weve also posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements including the corresponding reconciliation and our first quarter conference call slides on our website under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Align Technologys President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. On the call today, Ill cover some highlights from the first quarter, briefly comment on todays announcement regarding a change in the proficiency program and provide an update on our strategic initiatives. Kens going to follow with some detail on our first quarter financials and outlook for the second quarter. Ill come back with some closing comments and open the call up to your questions. The first quarter was a strong one, representing the second consecutive quarter for record revenues, case shipments and gross margins. Combined with lower than anticipated spending, Q1 earnings were significantly better than our outlook. As usual, lets start with our key adoption metrics, the number of new doctors trained and utilization rates or what we call same practice sales of our product. During Q1, we trained 915 new doctors, up slightly from 870 in Q4 and down from Q1 last year. Of those, 390 were North American doctors and 525 were international doctors. As expected, fewer doctors attended our CE1 course, due to their evolving understanding of the proficiency program and the commitment required to ramp activity and effort in their practice to meet those requirements. If you recall last quarter, we indicated that the program would likely cause some doctors to put off attending our CE1 training course until they are really ready to begin using Invisalign. Compare that to the past when many doctors would take CE1 for general information on Invisalign or for marketing benefits while potentially not yet being really committed to shifting a significant effort into practice. In Q1, total utilization increased sequentially and year-over-year to 3.5 cases -- 3.5 cases per quarter up from 3.3 in Q4 and 2.9 in the same quarter of last year. Q1 utilization rates for international doctors decreased slightly around 3%, sequentially in line with expected seasonality in Europe and yet increased 14% from the same quarter last year. Reflecting continued strong adoption and growth outside North America. The first quarter was a strong one for our North American orthodontist customers. Q1 utilization increased substantially approximately 11.5% sequentially and 20% from the same quarter last year, to a record 5.5 cases per orthodontist. In the ortho channel, sequential case growth was driven by higher volume doctors. Q1 was softer overall for our North American GP Dentist customers with fewer submitters in the quarter and volumes up slightly sequentially. Not withstanding the puts and takes I just mentioned, the utilization rate for GPs actually increased approximately 5% sequentially and 20% year-over-year. This increase is driven by the fewer number of low volume submitters in total. This is an example of the fluctuations in average utilization rates that we anticipated would occur as practices adjusted to the proficiency program. By now, most of you have probably seen the announcement we made today, earlier today regarding the proficiency program. Id like to take a moment to describe the changes to the program and explain our rationale for this action. Simply stated, we are eliminating the annual case start requirement that has been the source of so much customer dissatisfaction. We will continue to focus on Invisalign training and education and are maintaining the annual CE requirement. Its fair to ask why were changing the program now. The answer is simple. Were listening to our customers. We are still in the early stages of building a company that can become an industry leader. That leadership must be based on a foundation of satisfied loyal customers. And right now, the frustration and unhappiness from elements of the proficiency program represent a risk in that important foundation. Despite continued effort and progress in meeting the proficiency goals many customers remain very frustrated with this program even our best partners. We knew that introducing this program would represent a big change for our customers but we did not anticipate the widespread concerns and questions it has created across the dental industry. Many doctors and the associations to which they belong agree with our objectives but believe the annual case requirement interferes with the way they practice dentistry. Over the past 10 months, weve had extensive ongoing dialogue with dental associations like the ADA and the AAO, state dental organizations, academic and clinical leaders and many, many individual customers. Based on those discussions, we have decided that we can better ensure a great treatment result for our doctors and for every Invisalign patient through initiatives that all of our customers and industry our partners can fully support. Going forward, our focus will be on Invisalign training and continuing education, on product innovation and improvement and on programs that direct consumers to the most experienced providers. We believe these changes to the proficiency program demonstrate our continued commitment to ensuring great results for Invisalign doctors and patients, as well as our commitment to listening to our customers and responding to their needs. We intend to become an even more valuable partner to our customers and helping their practices grow and flourish. And in fact, our strategic initiatives are designed to do just that, helping our customers and their practices grow and be more successful. So Ill remind you that our strategy has a series of key elements that we typically touch on each quarter. The first is to continue to accelerate product technology innovation. Second, we still have many opportunities to enhance the customer experience. Third, while were going after big opportunities on product and technology, we are increasing the effectiveness of our consumer demand creation process and have refreshed the Invisalign brand identity. And finally, were continuing to drive international growth, principally in Europe even while were opening up additional new markets around the world. Starting with product first, Im going to give you a brief update on Invisalign Teen. In Q1, case shipments for Invisalign Teen were 7400 or 11.6% of total volume, a slight decrease from 8200 or 13% of total volume in Q4. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign Teen volume increased nearly 90% from 3900 or 7.8% of total volume in Q1 last year. The sequential decrease in Invisalign Teen product line this quarter primarily reflects a mix shift from teen to full that we created by changing the Invisalign Teen promotion. When we launched Invisalign Teen in July 2008, one of our key objectives was to encourage early trial and re-order rate to drive adoption. So, we offered a promotion that gave doctors their fourth and 12th Invisalign Teen cases free. The great news, the promo worked and while it achieved our intended goal to drive initial adoption and increase confidence with these new teen features our long-term goal continues to be to gain share of this important market segment. We know that some doctors utilized and many doctors utilized the Invisalign Teen promotion for some of their adult patients as we discussed on prior calls. Effective Q1, we changed the promotion, limiting the patient age to 19 years or younger and capped the number of free cases. So any doctor could only receive one free Invisalign Teen case per year. Based on this, many doctors shifted their adult patients back to Invisalign Full. However, based on patient demographics that we track, the actual number of teenagers using Invisalign increased 3% sequentially and 29% year-over-year. Despite this being a seasonally slower quarter for teenage case starts. Going forward, well provide regular updates on number of actual teenagers using Invisalign. Not just Invisalign Teen, so you can track and assess our continued penetration of teenage orthodontic case starts. The teen promo side, many doctors do like the features in Invisalign Teen and some are using them on all their patients teens and adults alike. In Q1, Invisalign Assist cases shipped were 3300 or 5.2% of total volume, compared to 2800 or 4.5% in Q4. On a year-over-year basis, assist is up more than two fold from 910 cases or 1.8% of total volume in Q1 last year. Invisalign Assist continues to gain traction with newer customers as a result of our clinical education focus, as well as with customers needing a little more assistance and those using assist to achieve their proficiency goals. On a consumer front, we continue to see strong interest, thanks to our integrated consumer marketing platform, which combines conventional media, public relations, event marketing and the evolving digital media and social networking environment. Our goal is to leverage this platform to multiply the quantity and quality of Invisalign impressions in the market place especially with teens. So Ill touch on each area quickly here. In the conventional media area, we invested more in advertising this quarter than in Q1 2009, including a full quarter of advertising for Invisalign Teen on national TV networks such as the CW, Lifetime, MTV and U.S.A. On the PR, front we kicked off an aggressive and exciting campaign for 2010. It continues the focus on programs that reach and educate perspective teen patients and their parents while also integrating adult product messaging. In Q1, through two satellite media tours, Invisalign Teen was featured on morning shows and evening news programs in 26 cities and over 100 media markets across the country. Event marketing is rich with opportunities to ensure that Invisalign Teen is visible where teens expense and their parents spent a lot of time. We ramped up the major event marketing activities in Q1 with sponsorship of the National Cheerleading Associations National Championship. These events provide a unique forum for teens and their parents to interact with excitement around the Invisalign brand, as well as local providers. Social networking and digital media continue to provide a very effective forum for what we have termed myth busting. For example, myths that consumers may hear like Invisaligns only for simple cases or Invisalign wont work for me. So a growing group of patient and parent advocates learn to blog about their treatment experiences, we continue to educate perspective patients through the influential circles of social networking and the increasing weight discuss our editorial content has on digital media and social networking environment. Shifting to our international growth initiatives, overall the international team delivered solid results this quarter with slightly lower sequential case volume off a seasonally tough Q4 comparison. Q1 results reflect rapid volume growth in Asia-Pacific region and good performance in core Europe despite that seasonality I just mentioned. Q1 international case shipments were at 13,000 or 20.4% of total, compared with 13.6000 or 22.2% in Q4. On a year-over-year basis, international volume increased 32% from 9.8000 or 19.6% of total. During the quarter, our teams prepared for the launch of Invisalign Lite in Europe and international along with the large scale release of new and improved product features which were rolled out in North America in October. Invisalign Lite, which replaces Invisalign Express, offers doctors a new option for less complex orthodontic cases such as short-term aesthetic cases, relapsed cases and pre-restorative treatments using a limited number of aligners at a more affordable price. In addition, Invisalign Lite includes the new and improved features and functionality designed for enhanced clinical predictability, such as Optimized Attachments, Power Ridges, Velocity Optimization and a host of improvements like IPR, later in treatment for better clinical access resulting in less tooth removal. With that launch and the release behind us, Ill tell you that the team executed extremely well, excuse me and everything went very smoothly. Feedback from customers thus far has been very positive. We believe these new features and improvements will give doctors greater confidence in what they can achieve with Invisalign and help deliver the outcomes doctors expect in more clinical application. Ill now turn the call over to Ken for more detail in our first quarter financials and our outlook for Q2 and Ill come back for a few closing comments. Ken?
Ken Arola: Thanks Tom. Lets review our first quarter financial results beginning with revenue. Q1 net revenue of $90.1 million increased 4% sequentially and 28.5% year-over-year. Case shipments of 63.6000 in quarter one increased 4.2% sequentially and 27.1% from the same quarter last year. The sequential increase in revenue reflects higher case volume driven primarily by our North American orthodontists. This growth was partially offset by the typical sequential seasonality we see in Europe with Q4 being the strongest quarter of the year. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in revenue reflects volume growth across all customer channels and higher ASPs resulting from foreign exchange rates as the euro strengthens against the dollar from the same period last year. Additionally, recall we implemented a price increase in North America early in Q1 of 2009 and received a full quarter benefit in 2010, compared to a partial quarter benefit last year. Q1 revenue by channel consisted of 41% for North American GPs, 31% for North American orthodontists, 22% for international and 6% for non-case revenue and reflects some mix shifts to North American orthodontists. Q1 revenue by product consists of 73% for Invisalign Full, 10% for Invisalign Express, 9% for Invisalign Teen, 3% for Invisalign Assist and 5% for non-case revenue and reflects a shift towards Invisalign Full as mentioned previously by Tom. Now lets move on to the rest of the income statement. Q1 GAAP gross margin was 77.4%, compared to 73.7% in quarter four and 75.2% in the same quarter last year. Stock-based compensation expense included in gross margin was $435,000 in quarter one, compared to $400,000 in quarter four and $386,000 in the same quarter last year. Excluding Ormco royalties, Q1 non-GAAP gross margin was 78.3%, compared to 78.6% in quarter four, primarily reflecting the manufacturing efficiencies, associated with higher case volumes. These efficiencies were somewhat offset by CE training costs of $630,000 that had been reclassified from sales and marketing expense. Historically, with the exception of our initial training classes, CE1, our continuing education fees and costs for other education programs such as Invisalign provider work shops, practice development training, study club and Invisalign summits were charged to sales and marketing expense. As a result of maintaining the proficiency program annual CE requirement, all training and education fees and costs in which CE credit is provided, will now be charged to revenue and cost sales respectively. Q1 operating expenses were $49 million, compared to $49.2 million in quarter four and $47.4 million in the same quarter last year. Q1 operating expenses were listed in our original outlook due primarily to the timing of marketing programs, which were delayed to quarter two. As well as, the re-class of $630,000 of training costs just mentioned. Stock-based compensation included in Q1 operating expense was lower than anticipated at $3 million and compares to $2.7 million in quarter four and $3.3 in the same quarter last year. In Q1, we generated non-GAAP operating income of $21.5 million or 24%, compared to $18.9 million or 21.8% in quarter four and $6.2 million or 8.8% in the same quarter of last year. The sequential and year-over-year increase in Q1 non-GAAP operating income reflects continued leverage in our financial model driven by higher volumes and lower spending. Q1 GAAP earnings per share was $0.19, compared to $0.15 in quarter four and $0.04 in the same quarter last year. Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.20, compared to $0.16 in quarter four and $0.05 in Q1 of last year. Now lets move on to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities were $205.4 million. This is compared to $186.5 million at the end of 2009. In Q1, we generated roughly $18.7 million in cash from operations, compared to $34.3 million in quarter four and $10.6 million in the same quarter last year. Q1 DSOs were 59 days, compared to 57 days in quarter four and 66 days in the same quarter of last year. In Q1, deferred revenue on the balance sheet increased by $4.7 million or 14.7% sequentially to $37 million, this increase primarily represents continued revenue deferrals associated with Invisalign Teen and Assist. Now, lets turn to our business outlook for the second quarter of 2010. There are several factors that contribute to our outlook, which Id like to comment on briefly before we get to the details. First, with the change that weve made to the proficiency program, it is uncertain how doctors, particularly low volume doctors will respond. It is likely that some practices that have been working hard to accelerate will want to take a breather. While others, who started to get that acceleration and enjoy the progress they made may want to continue at their new pace. Second, in quarter two, well be running a consumer rebate program through the end of the quarter, as well as, an additional volume rebate for elite and premiere providers. This is expected to have some negative impact on average selling prices and gross margin during the quarter. Third, for our international business, Q2 is historically a seasonally stronger quarter sequentially and we expect it to be the same again this year. We do business in the euros and therefore major changes in quarter-to-quarter in foreign exchange rates can impact topline revenue and gross margin. And last, June marks the beginning of the summer and were looking forward to participating in another full season of teenage orthodontic case starts and continue gaining share of share both at the tail-end of quarter two and into quarter three. Now lets go through more detail on the outlook. For Q2, we expect sequential case volumes to be flat to slightly up at 63.5 to 65.5000 cases and revenues to be in a range of $88 to $91 million. The incremental case volume is being offset somewhat by lower ASPs as a result of the consumer and volume rebates just mentioned and international revenues, which will be impacted as a dollar has strengthened against the euro. We expect Q2 GAAP gross margin to be in the range of 75.6% to 76.4%, down sequentially from 77.4% in quarter one, primarily reflecting lower anticipated average selling prices. We expect quarter two GAAP operating expenses to be in a range of $52.5 to $53.5 million. Consistent with the quarterly run rate comments I made last quarter. The sequential increase reflects the implementation of marketing programs that were delayed from quarter one, ongoing consumer advertising, customer events such as the AAO and CDA meetings that occurred during quarter two and a full quarter of compensation expense related to the actions implemented in mid quarter one. In Q2, we expect operating margin to be in the range of 16% to 17.6% and earnings per share to be in range of $0.12 to $0.14. In Q2, we expect the effective tax rate to be in a range of approximately 28% to 30% and cash from -- and from a cash position we expect to pay minimal cash taxes, as we can utilize the net operating losses on our tax returns. We expect diluted share outstanding for quarter two to be approximately 78 million shares. From the balance sheet perspective, cash on hand at the end of quarter two is expected to be approximately $225 to $230 million. For fiscal 2010, were updating our outlook for stock-based compensation expense to be approximately $17 million. Ill now call  Ill now turn the call back to Tom for some closing comments.
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Ken. Im pleased that were off to a good start this year and Im proud of the good work our team is delivering. That said, Im mindful of the difficult global economic environment and its impact on consumer behavior and spending, were going to continue to monitor this closely as the year evolves. The Align team has worked hard over the years to build our business and the relationships weve with our customers. With todays changes to the proficiency program we look forward to working even harder to become the best part of the industry and a source for great smiles. And with that, Ill open up the call for your questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Shawn Fitz with Stephens Incorporated. Please proceed with your question.
Shawn Fitz - Stephens Incorporated: Hi, everyone. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question here.
Tom Prescott: Good afternoon, Shawn.
Shawn Fitz - Stephens Incorporated: Hi. Im intend, just as we think about you all talking about some of the feedback youre getting from your customer base. It seems as if there was a kind of a tremendous amount of upheaval and some ill will created from the very beginning with the proficiency program. And so, I guess, Im just trying to understand whats changed as this program has evolved and you alls willingness to implement has evolved. I mean, it seems to me to me there has been a tremendous amount of ill will created by this from the very get-go. So, Im just trying to understand now what is different relative to six, eight months ago?
Tom Prescott: You know, that is a great question and you guys have done a good job of channel checking and seeing some of the same tones. The simple answer is, nothing has changed. It could have gotten better. It didnt and as even with success in the program long-term success, its going to be hard to build on that without a whole industry thats not against us. So, there is no tipping point. The business is doing well. Its just that listening to our customers.
Shawn Fitz - Stephens Incorporated: Okay. And then Tom, I guess in light of kind of an evolving competitive landscape. Does this create an opening with your kind of your customer -- your existing customer base and does it diminish the franchise value in a way that puts you more risk to competitive entrants?
Tom Prescott: Boy, certainly, I think whatever competitors do is up to them, that either the timing of this or our decision had nothing to do with any competitor, current or prospective. The timing for this was really driven by -- this is our Q1 earnings call. Were going to be out with thousands of orthodontists in a week and a half at AAO in Washington D.C., some weeks after that with tens of thousands of dentists at the CDNA. Were, the timing is really set by the fact that we had come to the view that we were going to make this change. The best time to do it was now. That has nothing to do with any competitor. Maybe the second part of that question is at any point in time, multiple people have tried to go do this. We believe its hard to do, to do this in any scale and just for effectiveness, if youre referring to the noise around DENTSPLY as a prospective entrant here. I have remind you theyve been making clear liners and clear liner technology for about as long or longer that Align has been around. They have their MTM, their minor tooth movement system that is a series of players and set down materials for the orthos lab, back office lab to make very small adjustments to retainer type single aligner products. So, again, as we see that potential product, its likely that it probably goes more after Ormcos, Damon Ormcos Simpli5 than Invisaligns Express. We do have great depth of understanding about how to move teeth with clear liners, how to do that with precision and give the fit and finishing control that orthodontists and patients need. So, again, unless any player was to come into this space with a much more systematic offering that would project over on to what we do in a more complete way with all those IP issues, thats a whole different kettle of fish. But from what we understand, we dont have any views of that and relative back to proficiency, your original question, the exact reason why we want to have a loyal, committed customer base and not be at odds in the industry especially with those that arent even Invisalign customers is because we want to have the kind of long-term relationship that ultimately makes a partner -- makes us a partner of choice.
Shawn Fitz - Stephens Incorporated: So, Tom, last question. Just on the consumer rebate side. Could you describe a little -- give us a little more detail in terms of what specifically is in the consumer rebate? And then secondly, have you all ever done a consumer rebate before?
Tom Prescott: I will answer the second part first. No, we tried a small teen referral program in the very early days of trying to market teen, where they could bring a friend in but there is nothing of any scale thats ever been done. And maybe Ill ask Ken to scope it for us in just a minute. But, weve been looking at doing a test of some significance for awhile and we wanted to build out a test of this, after a solid step up in effectiveness of the broader consumer program. We think as we planned, this was the right quarter to do it with real significant progress made in Q1. And so, this is targeted at primarily GP practices with patients that arent necessarily seeking a referral doctor and that want to accelerate around their use of things like Invisalign days and that sort of thing. And what were really testing here is sizeable enough that Ken had to speak about it and Ill let him build on that in a moment. But what were really testing here is a couple things. Is it possible to mobilize a considered purchase decision earlier and what kind of elasticity is out there at the end consumer level. So weve never had an opportunity to do that. Weve kind of been for, quite frankly, talking about how the best way to do that and this for us was the perfect time to roll it out given systems progress and other areas consumer, et cetera and maybe Ken if you can frame the relative size?
Ken Arola: Sure. Shawn, if you look at the program itself were looking at initiating the program here as we enter the quarter then run through the end of the quarter and it will be based on ClinChecks that get accepted by the doctor through the entire quarter based on this promotion. It will be pretty much targeted towards doctors doing Invisalign day practices in their offices and as they get a patient into treatment, the patient will get a coupon to submit to us for rebate. Right now, as we look at it in sizes, obviously we looked at our net MPB return on a program like this. And as we sized it right now it looks like roughly above, give or take a little about $1 million of rebates we would issue and we clearly understand the amount of cases we need to get out of this program to breakeven or make a slight profit on it at minimum. So I want to come back to that also in relation to the full quarter guidance of $88 to $90 million. Because this has one impact in the quarter, our case volumes were relatively flat to about a 3% growth quarter-over-quarter, where the revenue guidance is relatively flattish. But, if you add back to the guidance we gave on revenue, this particular rebate, as well as, the -- a little bit of a kicker on the advantage rebate to preparing elite doctors for hanging in there with us through the proficiency program, as well as, FX impacts. The total of those three is a little over $2 million of impact to topline revenue for the quarter. So, one could see our guidance potentially being $90 to $92 million versus $88 to $90 million as one can point that out. But roughly coming back to your original question, cost of rebate we sized it as roughly about $1 million.
Shawn Fitz - Stephens Incorporated: All right, Tom, Shirley, Ken, thank you.
Tom Prescott: Thanks Shawn.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Shawn.
Ken Arola: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tao Levy with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Shirley Stacy: Tao?
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Yeah. Can you hear me?
Tom Prescott: Yeah. We can hear you now.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Perfect.
Tom Prescott: Yeah.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: The gross margin decline that youre guiding for in the second quarter, is that purely a function of the rebate that youre anticipating?
Tom Prescott: Yeah, Tao. It is predominantly the rebate itself. The fact that, were going to talked about $1 million rebate here.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Right.
Tom Prescott: And some additional now from the advantage rebate additional that were going to give. The other part that is impacting it is FX rates for European business. Last quarter FX rates quarter one ran about 1.4 to the dollar and right now the 1.33 to the dollar, so were certainly taking that in account as were looking at our guidance here for the quarter. And then the last piece of it is there will probably be a little more training going on next quarter, which will impact gross margin. As I mentioned weve to record all that training and cost of sales on a go-forward basis.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. On the ortho side you made a great point in the presentation where you indicated that you know with the higher volume, orthos who were submitting cases where you saw the growth. How about on the GPs? Was there any trend that you saw there in the quarter was it the higher volumes that were driving the growth on the GP front?
Tom Prescott: It was all across the range, Tao, I guess in prior quarters with proficiency going forward we gave you a bit more data to triangulate what was going on with those segments, going forward, as were not doing that any more were not going to provide that level of specificity. But that said, what we do know is where we direct the sales force focus and program focus, we move the needle. And significant part of that focus, during the last quarter or two was towards those practices that were trying to elevate and getting them going. So, the contribution we wind up with a smaller number of total GP submitters, but and there were some puts and takes as I talked about in GP, so I wont repeat that. Going forward we think that will change a little bit and probably more of the volume will come from the mid to the upper rang but well see how that plays out.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: And then last question. Yeah, based on your prior comments, your intel that you have right now in terms of competitive landscape, the potential product DENTSPLY start to introduce here in the next few weeks, is more kind of a red, white, blue Simpli5 competitor type product versus an express or full-on Invisalign?
Tom Prescott: Well, short answer is, yes. Thats our current understanding.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Tom Prescott: From what we see and know. Now that said, look we dont take anything lightly, DENTSPLY is a terrific company. They are a leader this industry. Theyve got far greater resources than we have and I guess, if, Ill go back to what I said before. If you can be confident in your IP and capabilities and the great product youve got and yet paranoid about all your competitors thats kind of where were.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you.
Tom Prescott: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Matt Dolan with Roth Capital Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the call.
Tom Prescott: Good afternoon, Matt.
Ken Arola: Matt, how are you doing?
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: Another question on the proficiency program, looking at your case volume and Ken, I appreciate the detail there on where the revenue guidance would be on an apples-to-apples basis, but case volumes looking to be flat to up sequentially. Maybe you guys could give us a feel for what the impact of the proficiency program has been to date in terms of performance, or put another way, Ken, I think you mentioned some customers taking potentially a breather while others hang on. So, just help us maybe understand how big of an impact you might have seen from customers ramping up utilization due to the potential existence of the proficiency program?
Tom Prescott: I guess, let me speak to that a little bit here Matt. Again, a moment ago, I described that we -- there is not a point in going forward and providing a lot of granular detail around what those segments look like. But that said, we had, if I go through the spectrum of customers, we had terrific performance by orthos. Those practices engaged. Utilization was up. We had a range of revenue reaction from GPs and then we had, pretty darn good performance from international, again, significant growth in Europe again, both a tougher quarter against a very strong Q4, but really good growth year-over-year. Down inside -- lets go down inside the GP bubble. There is a full cascade of practices that were really on board and rolling and rolling right past kind of the June kind of requirements all the way to getting to 10 and 10. The focus, again, go back to where we focus programs, sales force effort, thats usually where we see the needle move. And a good part of the sales focus was on those 15,000 plus doctors in that extension period. So, well, Ken, so now in terms of your question was framed, I guess, in the sense of guidance. There is some uncertainty for us and which is why we framed it in the term of guidance. We havent gone back and done a reforecast internally since we announced it since it was just today or actually to some customers, yesterday. Come back to that maybe in a minute, but we also havent been able to go back to see what theyre going to do now. Are they going to take that breather and our sense from the field team is some will take a little time off and go, okay, I like the revenue it fits in my practice now lets get back and go. Others are going to say, boy, Im now at one or two a month. Why pull back from that, weve a series of activities in the office that supports that, lets just kind of make that level of activity our current level. So what we dont know yet and the reason to frame that in terms of guidance is. There will be some puts and takes. We think more sharply around the GP space and given the number of customers involved we just want to be thoughtful about how we describe that. I cant give you any more than that.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: Okay. Fair enough. And then Ken maybe on the expense side of things, looks like we have a pickup here in Q2 due to marketing. Can you walk us maybe through the plans from a marketing standpoint through the rest of the year? How does that budget play out?
Ken Arola: Sure. So, pretty reasonable increase from about $49 million to $53 million in quarter three, quarter two here. Predominantly most of that is marketing programs and most of that is in Europe. We had a pretty significant launch in Europe this quarter with Invisalign Lite product, as well as, rolled out features in Europe, much like we rolled out features back in October in North America as Tom referred to on the call. Probably the most significant rollout of product and features weve had in Europe for quite some time. So what happened here is we had a team focused over there on commercialization of product and features and they really ended up focusing all their time on those two initiatives in the quarter and we actually deferred some what Ill call secondary marketing programs to quarter two. So, as we move into quarter two here, the team is refocused back on those programs over in Europe and then well have the additional advertising and media spend that we have going on in the business across Europe as well as North America. And then, the other piece of it is related to compensation-related expenses, stock-based compensation and salary increases, that we implemented towards the end of February. We got just a little bit of that in quarter one spend, weve got a full quarter in quarter two. So those are the major drivers.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: And they sustain through the remainder of the year?
Ken Arola: Predominantly, yes.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: Okay. And then just to clarify on the rebate program, is that only a Q2 program or is that, again, go through the rest of the year?
Tom Prescott: Yeah, Matt. Thats just, that elapses at the end of the second quarter.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: Great. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Tom Prescott: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jonathan Block with SunTrust Robinson and Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Block - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks, and good afternoon, guys. First one Tom, Ill try to focus really just the big picture on the overall business. I mean, you just put up 27% case volume in a difficult environment. Maybe if you can just size up for us because the problem with your company I think is just there hasnt been real comps in a while? So when you look out whats the true underlying growth rate case volume on a global basis? Im not trying to pin you down to a number, but again, you just put up 27% and I think, if you look at models they probably call for high single digits maybe low double digits. So can you help us out there when you think about the overall business?
Tom Prescott: Over the long-term I can. I think what we described is over the short-term there is uncertainty specifically in North America. Over the long-term, maybe here is our thesis. We see the dental industry returning to health in some segments core dentistry faster than say some of the specialties. There is some regional distress in North America. There is still some areas under water. But we see the dental industry pretty healthy again now and that probably, that continues for the foreseeable future unless something much larger happens in the economy than were imagining. In sight of that we think the segments that had opportunities for growth at rates faster than the dental industry growth before all this happened, are the first ones that comes back and we think orthodontics is one of those and there are others, Ill just restrict myself to our view of ortho. For us, that expresses in two ways. One, with resurgence in growth in ortho, we have even greater opportunities to win, to wrestle share away from the big players from conventional brackets. Products like teen and our overall marketing efforts to teen. And then secondly, were making significant improvement in the fundamental efficacy and performance of the product. Our customers notice it. They describe it and as we take away irritants like something that even frustrated our best customers, we believe overtime, we can we can generate the kind of growth at the edges of whats possible. We dont know what that is yet, but the boundary conditions for that are probably not quite established. I think wed like to get a couple more quarters into see what kind of, whats fast growth again. Lets get to the proficiency thing in North America and see what it looks like at the end of the year and then well come back and revisit what our practical growth could look like into that. But we think we can get back to meaningful growth over the interim period.
Jonathan Block - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. I guess youre staying away from specifics there. Fair enough. Just, I mean, second question, maybe two parts. First of all, Ken you mentioned the $2 million due to rebates. So am I right when I think about the concern on 2Q EPS for whatever reason maybe that cost you approximately $0.02 in the quarter and like you said that promo is only being run through June and then so I can just slip it in. Tom, just big picture and to give you a little bit push back on the proficiency here, I mean, why did you pursue such an aggressive course when you think about -- why didnt you pursue something more of a tiered pricing structure where you could have, given the advantages to the real high volume guys and the guys that werent engaged -- you could still say you know what, you want to do Invisalign you have to pay us $2,000 or $2,500 on case instead of $1,500. Thanks guys.
Tom Prescott: Appreciate it. Im going to come back and see if I can make sure we understood the first part. I think what Ken described was impact on -- impact forward for guidance was about $1 million for the consumer rebate. Its a specific kind of segmented, targeted promotion and it will end by Q2. You could and the bet for us was, wed like to be able to do better than that. We know what our payback is incremental volume but I think as Ken described there is an impact on revenue on the guidance you forward. So Ill just, Ken you want to add to that?
Ken Arola: I would just add, the $2 million your referring to, Jon, includes an FX impact quarter-over-quarter, as well as additional rebates on an advantage program for the elite and premiere doctors. And thats how you get to the $2 million, so $1 million for the rebate program, $1 million for the other two components.
Jonathan Block - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Fair enough. I think its about a penny and a half, I can follow-up with you off line. And then, Tom, just bigger picture on proficiency why that strategy versus tiered pricing?
Tom Prescott: Sure, we actually have explored tiered pricing and do that through the advantage program and have considered a whole range of alternatives and Ill give you one example. Our European team sells case packs. There is a minimum number of case packs. It is the way business is done in Europe. Its not the way business is done in North America. Weve done it a whole range alternative ways. What we were, if you go back to what our original objectives were they were to ensure that any patient -- any potential patient, a consumer could go to any Invisalign practice get the smile they wanted with the treatment experience that was great. And at the same time, that any practice that was involved in Invisalign had both clinical success and commercial success and that hasnt happened. So, weve a lot of data that relates how practices flourish and how patients feel about providers that have more or less experience and all that. Now the good news is in orthodontics everybody gets finished. There isnt the morbidity and mortality associated with some types of other medical devices. But all that said, we were solving this from a point of a logical way to say it is an evolving skill-based technique. You need both the education and as well as at-bats and that was after a lot of consultation with academic dental educators, chairs of ortho and dental departments, et cetera. And we went back to look at how dental education is done and, again, we apologize, we didnt mean to anger the industry or try to suggest we want to anger the industry, or try to suggest we want to get between them and the patient. Our goal was, our objectives were good. Our goals were there. Clearly this was a pretty significant change for the dental industry. So, there are a whole range of ways we can engage this going forward. Our big goal is going to be to focus on education leverage and loyalty programs and make it even more valuable to be an Invisalign partner going forward. And I think as you see over the coming months and quarters well be explaining more of that to you. But there is a path forward but there actually was a logical framework with data and a rationale for doing this and we did test it with some -- with leading thinkers. Most of those have gone underground now with the broad industry reaction. But, that said, were comfortable with our path going forward and believe there are a number of ways we can continue to mobilize practices.
Jonathan Block - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. Thank you.
Tom Prescott: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ben Forrest with Summer Street Research. Please proceed with your question.
Ben Forrest - Summer Street Research: Great. Thank you for taking the question. Ken a follow-up on that last one. We believe that some physicians have gotten to a point where they are happy with proficiency. That is a way for them to differentiate themselves from their competitors. Are you concerned about what their reaction to todays announcement is?
Tom Prescott: Yeah. The short answer is yes, we have large number of stakeholders here and some of harshest voices were those that had never even been trained on Invisalign. So, one of the things, Ken talked about briefly, we actually had been talking the last day or two with academic advisory board and clinical advisory board members and some of our staunchest supporters that believe this was the right direction that saw the leverage of getting a practice just starting up to get the experience the doctor and staff. So, weve reached out to them. We make sure they understand our need for doing this and the reason, even while it was -- the program was being successful, that if we really want Invisalign to be well accepted broadly over the long-term as a standard of care and if we really want Align technology to have the opportunity to become the industry leader that they and we want, that we need to embrace the entire industry in ways that would work within the rules for lack of a better description. So, there is a variety of things were doing for them and Ken talked about a little incremental rebate for them that adds to what they already get in the advantage program for those upper tiers that added to his the costs he talked about the impact on Q2 revenue. But and I think, Ive had, weve had a lot of good discussions over the last 24 hours with some of our staunchest supporters and even the strongest among them understand the reason for doing this. Know that our rationale for doing it was based on the right reasons and understand why weve made this adjustment.
Ben Forrest - Summer Street Research: Thanks for that. And then in the past, Ive gotten the impression that the lower volume centers were centers that may be management didnt feel like they needed to spend or didnt want to devote too many resources to. Can you share any thoughts on how you might be viewing those centers any differently, any feedback youre getting that way?
Tom Prescott: Well, its a good question and it really speaks to what our effort to engage with them during this period since June 2nd, last year when we announced proficiency, it was exactly those centers and we said please, we will break our backs to help you if you want to come along and here is our understanding of how this best works. And there were a lot of practices that, in fact, maybe they went from one or two to five or six and they were still stretching to get to 10. There is no reason why that stops. There is no reason why the aggressive support and help from our team stops. If weve a practice out there that wants to make Invisalign a greater part of their practice, were going to be all over helping them. At the same time, what I said, I believe earlier was, where we invest both sales focus of what we believe is the best sales force in the dental industry and program effort, we see the needle move. And some of that effort is going to move back towards the mid and upper ranges of those submitters and help their practices continue to accelerate. So, overtime, well find cost effective ways to support those practices that still are doing very few cases. But want to continue along with Invisalign and well do our level best to support them.
Ben Forrest - Summer Street Research: Great. Thank you
Tom Prescott: Sure. Thank you
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Ben. Operator, well take one more question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Robert Gold with Brigantine Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Prescott: Robert, you there? Yeah, operator his line still there?
Operator: Mr. Gold your line is now live.
Shirley Stacy: Okay. Robert, well follow-up with you it sounds like offline. Thank you everyone. This concludes our call today. If you have any follow up questions, please contact Investor Relations and we look forward to seeing you at some upcoming conferences here shortly. The Deutsche Bank Conference on May 5th and the Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Conference on May 12th. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes Align Technologys teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Prescott - President and CEO Ken Arola - VP, CFO Shirley Stacy - Senior Director, IR
Analysts:
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank : Jonathan Block - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Jose Haresco - Brean Murray
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Align Technology fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009 financial results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. I'm Shirley Stacy, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO and Ken Arola, our Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me cover some housekeeping items. We issued a press release today via GlobeNewswire and FirstCall detailing Align's fourth quarter fiscal 2009 financial results. The press release is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on February 10, 2010. To access a telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with account number 292 followed by #, and conference number 333971 followed by #. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same account number and conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements of Align's future events, product outlook and expected financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2010. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2009. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Please also note that on this conference call, we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures, where practical, are contained in today's financial results press release, which is also been posted on our website at investor.aligntech.com, under Financial Releases and have been furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. We've also posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliation and our fourth quarter conference call slides on our website. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. On the call today, I'll cover some highlights from the fourth quarter including key adoption metrics and they I'll provide a briefly update on our strategic initiatives. Ken will follow with some detail on our fourth quarter financials as well as outlook for the first quarter. I'll come back with some closing comments and open the call up to your questions. The fourth quarter with a strong finished to a good year for Align and I'm pleased to report sequential and year-over-year growth for0020 Invisalign. Our Q4 results reflects strong international growth, increased demand across the GP and Ortho channels in North America. Continued adoption of new products including Invisalign Teen and Assist and continuing diligent expense management. Our goal to drive adoption in Invisalign worldwide, so let's start with two key adoption metrics, the number of new doctors trained and utilization rates are recall same practice sales of our product. During Q4, we trained approximately 870 new doctors, up slightly from Q3. Of those 460 were North American doctors and 410 were international doctors. For the year, we trained a total of approximately 4380 new doctors of which 2825 were North American doctors and 1555 were international. Our new doctor training in North America is evolving to identify and focus on practices that are interested in gaining the skills and experience necessary to be successful in Invisalign. In the past, many doctors complete this training course as a means of learning more about Invisalign or leveraging the marketing benefits of Invisalign, but then only sporadically submitted cases. Building on our experience with the proficiency requirements going forward, doctors are more likely to attend our CE1 training course and are actually ready to begin using in this line their practices right away. As a result, overtime we are likely to have more focus engaged in committed customer base that maintains the base line of up to date Invisalign product knowledge. In Q4 total utilization increased sequentially and year-over-year to 3.3 cases per quarter, Q4 utilization rates for international doctors increased 8% sequentially and 11% in the same quarter last year, reflecting a strong finish to the year. The Q4 utilization rates for North American GPs increase approximately 9% sequentially and year-over-year, the largest sequential increase in utilization for GPs ever. It's also the first time GP utilization is growing three quarters in a row. Utilization for North American Ortho was up slightly from Q3, which was a strong chain quarter for Ortho and increased approximately 7% from the same quarter last year. Over the next year, we expect to see some fluctuation in our utilization rates as practices adjust for proficiency requirements and the average cases for doctor varies throughout the year. In the interim, we will consider additional metrics to share with our investors that may provide more insight to adoption utilization through this period. In 2009, we generated the highest levels ever of case shipments in revenues despite a difficult economic environment. In Q4 Invisalign case volume reflects sequential and year-over-year growth for international as well for GPs and Orthos in North America. Strong international growth in Q4 was driven record volume across our core markets in Europe the UK, Italy, Germany, France and Spain following their typically seasonally slower summer period in Q3. Total international volume accounted for 22% of Invisalign cases worldwide. In North America the combination of new products such as Invisalign Teen and Assist along with expand new features across the entire Invisalign product platform is helping give doctors greater confidence and what they can achieve with Invisalign. Q4 volume was driven by record GP case shipments including assists and the continued adoption Invisalign Teen in the Ortho channel. Our strong sequential growth in Q4 is also likely due in part through our customers to achieve the new proficiency requirements or to qualify for the six-month additional qualification period. These results were significantly better than our expectations over the product of our continued hard work and execution of key strategic initiatives. Our broader strategy as a series of key element. The first is to continue to accelerate product and technology innovation while at the same extending clinical effectiveness or efficacy. Second, we still have many opportunities to enhance the customer experience for our doctors and for their staff and to eliminate the remaining barriers to adoption that we've identified. Third, while we're doing that we are increasing the effectiveness of our consumer demand creation process and we energize in the Invisalign branded item. And then finally we are continuing to drive European growth while we are opening up addition and new markets around the world. I'll now move to products starting with the brief update on Invisalign Teen. On a worldwide basis we've now trained over 4750 Orthos on Invisalign Teen we remain please with this continued update. In Q4 total Teen case shipment increased 4% sequentially comprising 13% of worldwide volume. As the anticipated we are less sequential growth in Teen cases because Teenagers orthodontic treatment, but more teenagers orthodontic treatment in the summer. We try to know pressure in the lack of third party market research, but we believe our sequential growth in Teen reflect share gains in the overall orthodontic markets which is typically flat to down from Q3 to Q4. In Q4 Invisalign Assist volume increased substantially approximately 81% sequentially and nearly 5% of volume compare to 3% in Q3. Assist is the only Invisalign product that includes built in product support through our treatment and was designed to me general dentist demand for instructive integrated approach to case selection monitoring and finishing. In October we rolled out new and enhance features, which expand to Assist product capabilities treat a wider range of patient. We believe the strong sequential increasing volume in Q4 reflects the positive response to expand features and assist as well as the full quarter's benefit of making assist to focus of our CT1 training course. And with all this progress with new products total Invisalign case structure still small relative to our total serve market. During 2010 you'll began the year more about our efforts do demonstrate clinical efficacy and work towards a long-term goal are becoming the standard of care for orthodontic treatment. We know we still have lot of work to do accelerate innovation and extend clinical efficacy but we known improvements are needed and we're confident that we can deliver. On the consumer marketing front we continue to be successful programs are more effectively and efficiently generic demand or pull for Invisalign. In 2009 we became more efficient approach and group overall lead generation awareness on lower total spending. We also ship it our marketing mix from conventional media towards more digital marketing and social networking activity. On the call last quarter I talked about the evolution of the Invisalign brand strategy and our planes to refresh the Invisalign look and feel including and more modern logo and new brand positioning focused on treatment outcome and practice growth. In January we kicked out the rebranding initiatives by completely updating our consumer website Invisalign.com. You'll begin to see the new brand identity across all of our clinical marketing elements in Trade Show. Now I'd like to provide an update in the Invisalign proficiency requirement and share our progress to date relative the analysis that we've described in our last few call. So first let's briefly review the program. The proficiency requirements for design to helping sure that every practice that works with Invisalign can achieve great clinical and commercial outcomes and every patient Invisalign treatment gets the wonderful smile they want along with the great treatment experience to match. Every Invisalign provider in North America is required to start at least 10 cases and complete 10 Invisalign specific CERs each calendar year to maintain active account status. Those you meet the requirements at the added benefits of being recognized as in  line providers for that year. A special designation that helps consumer seeks out doctors.  The first October after seeing a strong effect by a lower volume doctors three engaged in this line. We announce a six months additional qualification period. This one time extra qualification period allows doctors who started at least one case and got CER by the end of 2009, to secure the line status for 2010, provide they reach at least five CERS by June 30th 2010.  Like all other doctors they must subsequently need the full year requirements of 10 and 10 by the end of the year maintain accounts status for 2011. During 2004 our North American customer showed continued progress. In Ortho channel sequential case was relatively consist across high and lower volume doctors, for GP's sequential case given by doctors they are mid way to just under ten cases for year. We also had a significant increase in doctors investing in continuing education are specially which are online clinical education website (Inaudible) At aligntechinstitute.com, where doctors complete of a 29,000 CE courses in Q4 alone.  So how do we do, well has a January we had approximately 22,009 active and Invisalign trained doctors in North America. Of those more than 6,000 doctors method in Invisalign Proficiency Requirements for 2009, and other 16,000 additional six-month qualification period Of those Proficiency Requirements were 5000 earn per divider by the status these results are consistent with the expectation we describe in the Q2 call that projected the best majority of our customers the 79 group for more cases that are the customer in the border six group can move to ten or more cases and then a number of those below four may eventually choose not to continued in this loan. After year-end we do approximately 10,000 Invisalign trained doctors who had never submitted a single in Invisalign case. In addition we have limited the account status approximately 13,000 who did to need the proficiency requirement of 10 and 10 additional qualification period one in one in 2009. These doctors will not be able to submit in Invisalign case, but they can continue to manage any in progress cases they may have from previous years. We are completely committed to helping those doctors finished during progress cases successfully and some surely hope they will consider making Invisalign for their process again in the future.  Our last week we began in sort of the receive provider new marketing materials, including the new Invisalign logo. Also consider our consumer marketing programs including Invisalign.com website to direct potential patients towards the dividers and they make it easy to find practices that are committed to be successful in be in Invisalign. We intend to be more valuable partner's practices and help then grow in force.  Finally, I like to touch on I will continue drive European growth and open up new market outside North America. The international business is increasingly important to Align and accounted for 23% of our worldwide revenues in 2009. We've continued to build our base of employees in total investment in the key countries of Western Europe and have leveraged distributors for smaller country markets in the Asia-Pacific and Latin America region.  Two weeks ago, we announced that we are adding a third international distributor partner one who will focus on smaller country markets in the Europe Middle East and Africa region which is commonly called EMEA. We have been planning to add a distributor in this EMEA region for some time and given the potential of the market and a continued progress of the Invisalign worldwide we are now ready.  Next part of the new distribution EMEA at the end of the first quarter in 2010, Gil Laks, our VP of International will be leave Align to take on a new role as owner and operator of the new distributor. For the remainder of Q1 we will continue to over see the international business and will help to ensure a smooth transaction of his responsibilities. We have initiated a search for a new VP of international and hope we have this position filled as soon as practicable. In the meantime, Michael Lewis, our VP and General Manager of Europe along with the rest of team will be assisting in the transition. Gil will lead behind a great team who will continue the International growth and progress over the past several years. Please join me in wishing Gil well in next stage of his carrier. I'll now turn the call over to Ken for more detail on our fourth quarter financials and outlook for Q1 and I'll come back for closing remarks.
Ken Arola: Thanks, Tom. Now let's review our fourth quarter financial results beginning with revenue. Record Q4 net revenues of $86.6 million and record case shipments of 61.1,000 increased 9.3% and 8% respectively from quarter three. The sequential increases in revenue reflect higher case volume and ASPs. The increase in Q4 ASPs resulted from the benefit of foreign exchange rate associated with our international shipments and lower levels of discounting. During quarter four, we also updated the estimated fair value of Invisalign Team replacement aligners. As a result, net revenue includes a one-time benefit of $1.1 million of previously deferred revenues. Q4 revenue by channel consisted of 42% for North American GPs, 29% for North American Othros, 24% for International and 5% for non case revenue which includes the retainer business, training revenues and ancillary offerings. Before I move on, I'd like to take a moment to identify the items that are included in our GAAP financials that for comparative purposes to previous quarters are excluded from our non-GAAP financials. Ormco royalties include in gross margin were $4.3 million in Q4 of 2009 and $1.9 million in Q3 of 2009. Ormco settlement costs included in operating expenses were $69.7 million in Q3 of 2009. Restructuring charges included in operating expenses were $4 million in quarter four of 2008. And EPS included a one-time benefit from the release of a tax evaluation allowance of $64.6 million or $0.97 per diluted share in quarter four of 2008.  With that let's move on to the rest of the income statement. Q4 GAAP gross margin was 73.7% compared to 74.4% in quarter three and 72.7% in the same quarter last year. Stock based compensation expense was $400,000 in quarter four compared to $359,000 in quarter three and $455,000 in the same quarter last year. Excluding Ormco royalties, quarter four non-GAAP gross margin was a record 78.6% compared to 76.8% in quarter three and 72.7% in the same quarter of last year. The sequential increase in non-GAAP gross margin was primarily driven by the favorable impact of higher case volumes and the resulting manufacturing, operating efficiencies, higher ASPs as well as the additional 1.1 million of previously deferred Teen replacement revenue of which 100% goes through to gross margin. Q4 GAAP operating expenses were $49.2 million compared to $119.2 million in Q3 and $52.6 million in the same quarter last year. Stock based compensation expense was $2.7 million in quarter four, compared to $3.6 million in quarter three and $3.4 million in the same quarter last year. Excluding Ormco settlement cost and restructuring charges, Q4 non-GAAP operating expenses were $49.2 million compared to $49.5 million in quarter three and $48.5 million in the same quarter last year. Q4 GAAP operating income was a profit of $14.6 million compared to a loss of $60.2 million in quarter three and a profit of $1.3 million in the same quarter last year. Excluding Ormco royalties and settlement costs and restructuring charges, Q4 non-GAAP operating income was $18.9 million or 21.8% compared to $11.4 million or 14.4% in quarter three and $5.4 million or 7.2% in the same quarter last year. On a year over year basis a significant improvement in Q4 non-GAAP operating margins reflect higher case volume increased, manufacturing efficiencies as well as our continued focus on expense management. Q4 GAAP earnings per share was $0.15 compared to a loss of $0.72 in quarter three and $0.98 in the same quarter last year. Excluding Ormco Royalties and settlement cost, restructuring charges and a one-time benefit from the release of a tax valuation allowance on specific differed assets, Q4 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.16 compared to $0.13 in quarter 3 and $0.7 in quarter 4 a last year. Now let's move on the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term market of our securities were $186.5 million. This is compared to 110.2 million at the end of 2008. In quarter four we generated roughly 34.3 million in cash from operation compared to 10.8 million in quarter three and 8.8 million in the same quarter last year. Quarter four DSOs were 57 days compared to 63 days in quarter 3 and 64 days in the same quarter last year. The decrease in DSOs reflect substantially higher fluctuant in the Europe as doctors are back in their office after the summer holiday season. In addition with the transition of North America credit and collections team to Costa Rica complete the team is up in running and had a solid quarter in collection. In quarter four deferred revenue on the balance sheet increased by $4.4 million or 15.7% sequentially 232.3 million. This increase primarily represents revenue to (inaudible) associated with new products Invisalign Teen and Assist. Overall I'm pleased with our continued process embedded than expected results. 2009 was a challenging year even the economic environment for which continued focus and execution of that strategic initiative we grow our business and expanded our operating margins substantially.  Now lets turn to our business outlook for quarter one 2010. 2010 is big start. Industry observers are anticipating an increase in dental business and orthodontic case starts are expected to be u which our spend product platform including new products like Teen and Assist and the new futures we rolled out across all products this past October we believe that we will continue to grow and gain share during the year. (Inaudible) there are several factors for us for us to be thoughtful about as we consider the 2010 outlook. First the (inaudible) requirement may result in greater variability among customer activity. Particularly in the second half of the year after the six-month qualification period expires. Second economy has still challenging and we don't see any outlet or economic recovery on the Horizon. And last in the near term we do not see any catalyst from new geographic markets and we will remain focused on continued good execution in North America, and Western Europe. Now lets go through more detail on the outlook. For Q1 we expect revenues to be in the range of $85 to $88 million and case volume is 60 to 62,000 cases. In assistant with Q4 volume of 61.1 thousand cases and revenue of 86.6 million, which included the one-time benefit of 1.1 million of previously deferred Teen replacement revenue. During quarter four we saw continued growth from our low volume doctors in North America particularly among doctors who have been a key focus of our proficiency requirements. While we are please with the continued progress it's unclear whether these doctors will maintain the same phase in the near term. On the international side of the business volumes are historically down in quarter one from a seasonally strong quarter four. We expect Q1 GAAP gross margin to be in a range of 76.3% to 76.8% including approximately $800,000 for Ormco Royalty expense. Q1 non-GAAP gross margin excluding Ormco Royalty expense is expected to be in a range of 77.3 to 77.8%. In quarter one, we expect GAAP operating expenses to be in the range of $51.8 million to $52.8 million. The sequential increase from quarter four reflects our continued investment in international expansion including sales coverage in consumer advertising in Europe. As well as employee related compensation and benefit. In Q1 we expect GAAP operating margin to be in range of 15.3 to 16.8% and GAAP EPS to be in a range of $0.11 to $0.13. Excluding the Ormco Royalty cost of approximately $800,000 in cost to sales we expect non-GAAP operating margin to be in a range of 16.3 to 17.8% and non-GAAP earnings per share to be in a range of $0.12 to $0.14. In quarter one; we expect the effective tax rate to be in range of approximately 32 to 34%. From a cash position we expect to pay minimal cash taxes as we can utilize the net operating losses on our tax returns. We expect diluted shares outstanding for quarter one to be approximately 77 million shares and from a balance sheet perspective cash on hand at the end of quarter one is expected to be approximately 200 to $205 million.  Now lets move on to the full year fiscal 2010. I will provide directional commence and perspective on some elements that we can influence to manage such as operating expenses. From a revenue perspective we believe we will continue to grow and gain share of our served market. We believe we can maintain our gross margin levels comparable to Q4 2009 and with that said keep in mind that the impact from volumes given our relatively fixed manufacturing cost structure and exchange rates can move margins up or down in any particular quarter. Additionally the levels of promotional discounts and several other factors can impact average selling prices and that's revenues and gross margins. Moving on to operating expenses. We've been clear about our strategic initiatives and we'll continue to invest to need areas to drive long terms growth and increased profitability through continued diligent expense management. For the year we expect Q1 non-GAAP operating expenses to be the base level of quarterly spending. During the year there will be fluctuations from this base level spending given the timing of media spend significant tradeshows and industry event and continued international expansion. Stock based compensation expense for fiscal 2010 as expected to be approximately $20 million. Shares outstanding for fiscal 2010 are expected to be approximately $78 million.  Now I'll turn the call back to Tom for some closing comments.
Tom Prescott:  Thanks Ken, overall our goal in 2010 is to continue to accelerate our progress from 2009, the last two weeks we've held our international in our North American sales meetings and I've had a chance to spend time with our sales forces our marketing teams and other key leaders. Our team is focused on our goal for this year committed to our long term strategy and confident that would continued hard work we can held more practices to treat a greater number of patient successfully with Invisalign. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress in the next earnings call. And now lets go back to the operator for some questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Tao Levy with Deutsche Bank.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank :  Few questions, first on the pricing front Ken that you mentioned on the call, is that the extra million in change that would impact just the US Ortho's primarily and with see that reflected in kind of the ASP that were racking out of it?
Ken Arola:  That's correct, that will show predominantly in the Ortho ASP those are the doctors are predominantly using the team product in the practice and what happen during the quarter is an normal process and what happened during the quarter is an un normal process that year end we go soon evaluate that and due to analysis on fair value of that we've been doing with the team product itself asset turns out doctors are taking the replacement liners originally we're anticipating to take on individual basis one by one as the patients for the teams what they're doing as taking a few liners at a time as replacement so actually with reducing our freight cost we ship the aligners that the adjustment that we made.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: If I do the quick math, you get to 1266 as an ASP on the Ortho is that kind of a number we should be thinking about going forward or we should ratchet that down a little bit, because of a (inaudible)?
Tom Prescott: The variables (inaudible) as far as ASPs are concerning going forward to be a historically there was that fluctuation in our case requirement as we go quarter-by-quarter so that can fluctuate going forward. Given piece of it is depending on levels of participation discount programs whether it's the volume (inaudible) program or and Teen rebates themselves that have an impact on that as well.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I can't ignore the sort of the strong healthy guidance that you are providing here for the first quarter so obviously the trend that you are seeing very strong anything in particular you see that's standing out that giving you the confidence or that kind of across the board you are seeing these rates hold steady? 
Tom Prescott : As we said on the call that both Orthos and GPs certainly been driving to meet the proficiency requirements are getting to the qualification periods the first six months of the year, we saw that in the third quarter we saw that continue in the fourth quarter and now doctors are trying to get five in the first half of the year and as we look at the quarter and providing our guidance we think that that has a possibility of continuing although there is some variability there because (inaudible) getting into the qualification for all the 10, 10 by year end here its little bit unfair whether they are going to continue with the phase that they have been going at but we certainly took into consideration including our guidance.
Unidentified Participant : If you go up stream of that timing issue are on proficiency in the behavior the final strength we've been trying to build the business is based on product evolutions, new products, and improvement in the products we got along with better to improve marketing and I think with great coverage all of those things going to together and its not an easy marketplace by this one we are getting little bit attraction.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: You are certainly making it same easy, thanks a lot.
Unidentified Participant: I don't know about that, nothing easy about it. 
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Block with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey; please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Block - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks and hey guys. May be two quick questions first just on the leverage was obviously just tremendous with non-GAAP known to 21% I know Ken you are guiding to I guess mid teens in the in the first quarter may be we can just some comments walk us through which changes with the spend and why we go back down the mid teens and then what we think about 2010 any reason why we want to get to the fourth quarter at least the back half of next year why those (inaudible) margins can get back to you 20% plus.
Tom Prescott : So couple of things for that comment, first on the quarterly guidance here on operating margin take into account of couple of things John, one is in previous calls mentioned that we had a $1.1 million adjustment for (inaudible) placement of aligners that's all margin that that driven quarter for margin that are driven quarter for that one not repeating quarter one, has little bit downward pressure on gross margins in the first quarter then from an operating spend plan view we are continuing to invest internationally as I said sales (inaudible) as well as the media advertising in the European areas and coming with a last year with tough economy which we make some choices last year we are going through and looking at our infrastructure and not only with restructuring as we did but also we made some choices last year to differ salary and (inaudible) for employees at the company given the tough year that we are heading into as we come to this year and do have some nice results here for the quarter and for the year as we look at it we thought it was a profit come back and put couple of benefits back in place for the employee base of the company. One of them was real estates made salary increases for the employees and the other one is putting in place which we had not ever had at the company prior to this is matching on a (Inaudible) plan for the employees so that they are couple of compensation that we are doing in quarter one. And that was be in base as spending obviously (inaudible) remainder of the year.  Question on, the other question you had was on the second half of the year on the margins and currently 20% and why not getting back to 17, 18% down getting may the back 20% on a quarter-by-quarter basis I think we will see some fluctuations as we go through the year on operating margin depending on significant customer advances I mentioned in the way we paid some media spending as we go through the year and the other factors here is what happens with the revenues has been moved through the years. So you saw this quarter with a nice up tick in volumes, we saw that leverage through the gross margin line all the way through the P&L and so with our fixed factory cost, you will see it to get some leverage on that as volumes increased in the near term. We think we'll be able to like I said maintain our base level of spending with some fluctuations as I indicated, but there is going to be some dependency also on revenue growth over the year.
Jonathan Block - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : Okay, great. And then maybe just on the sort of the proficiency program, I mean you mention the 6000 or over 6000 doctors preferred, I guess two questions, one would you share with us what percent of volume those guys constituted in the fourth quarter and then just a way to understand preferred going forward, I think you said in the slide that it's going to be on a rolling basis, so will you update that, I guess going forward in 1Q and 2Q of 2010.
Tom Prescott: Sure, I'll take that (inaudible) take the second part first, the answer is yes, we want to give them every incentive to reach for that level and each quarter we will be refreshing that and they will have the opportunity to cherish that and get more marketing exposure pull. The first (inaudible) we provided some detail overtime about the segmentation in our models. As we get through and finish with implementing proficiency and that becomes a long-term element in our relationship with our customers. And other side, we probably will come back and give some view of the evolution in that channel, but I think we provide enough framework with the historical look back ward for you guys to put all the pieces together here. So we're not going to shine more like than we've done to this one.
Jonathan Block - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And last one if I could just little bit (inaudible) question considering the results, but we've done some checks and I think you might run into maybe some deferrals in the fourth quarter for people to count it in the first quarter of 2010 against proficiency, do you think you saw any of that, in another words any sort of balls that might spill into 1Q, so people will have them in the back pocket for proficiency?
Tom Prescott: We do channel checks all the time, we have brought some opportunities and talk to our customers, our sales reps, our customer support and clinical people and they are probably on the margins some doctors may try to do that late in the year. But I think in this economy if a patient decided they wanted to do treatment and they have got a timing in mind, most practices are reluctant to try to manage that if I can use that term loosely and for the reason that people are shopping around more, they are afraid while you got a patient ready to go, if they try to keep the patient to mid January for some reason of the own, they are afraid their patient may go start with somebody else. So I think in this environment what we've seen is practices be a cutely aware of once they have got enough patient commitment, the patient wants to get going. So there maybe of stronger behavior we didn't see much out there, but again I think it's at a proxy level, so hard for these guys to deal in this environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Taylor Harris with JPMorgan Chase.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase: Thanks a lot. So you guys have obviously had a great positive impact from the proficiency program. So far it sounds like you may have be in a little bit surprise at the reaction from some of these lower volume doctors. But to follow up on that last question, help us to think through what happened starting in the third quarter when the 16,000 providers who had that your requirements you had when they either in or out. So can you give us any framework for thinking about how many of them are really on the bubble or anyway to think about what's going to happen in the third quarter?
Tom Prescott: So, as we've been trying to frame for you from the very beginning we took a very careful look at where each of our practices were in the term lines and developed the segmentation model and gain plans to engage each of those groups of customers in many different things. If you say we were surprised, we were pleased maybe is a way to say, because as we went through Q3, we saw a greater response than we had expected or projected these networks from the lower volume customers, those one to four that we after working this we projected a certain percentage of them, hard to pick which one, but a certain percent of them would commit to and elevate their practices to make us an important part to get at least our (inaudible). We saw great response in Q3 partly was significantly will lead to our in October, additional qualification period for six months. So what we expect as for that effort to continue if they wont going to continue there is no benefit for them just to squeeze up six more months and it's a bit binary there. So we would expect them to continue to work and to continue to see these and continue and engage our reps and our team to do in practice marketing and to make it more important for their practice focus. Those activities result in greater case start its not like we just go and sit in their office and wake them to do that. So when we see a practice responding in its way doing the in practice marketing getting card up on CE starting to talk to all their patients coming to you for routine care about the value of better smile then we know that's going to lead to a great in (inaudible) a month later, two months later whatever. We would expect that activity and continue to help as to what happens in July 1st and we've said overtime we'll have a smaller total customer base and I just little bit ago we and activated a group to hand the measures ten times normal so never done a single case and simply no reason for us to we setting our time they announce us on now, so right there's one compression overtime those practices that choose to and we hope they all do we're going to a bigger for their practice and investing in their practice as their investing in a separate again we're going to talk in more detail after July talking about what it looks like and how we can do evolve not just after July but beyond and then how we can be a better partner for them and really helping sure they get biggest success in practice. I hope think it's the first part of your question.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase: Yeah I think so and maybe just follow up you do commit to revenues continuing to grow through out the years, so at this point is all that we should assume that is that a quarter-by-quarter statements and other words in the third quarter 2007 do you think revenues are going to grow we just don't know by how much?
Unidentified Participant : What I start with this we believe there will be a opportunities for us to grow this year and we based on a variety of data we don't we're the right party determine what market growth is for the dance, we're not the leader has the industry, but if you look at quarter number of leaders and others are saying around dental business and share of all the increasing again we're started a procedures starting to go up again and we believe there will be opportunities for the Doxycycline drug and we believe in general whatever that growth rate as we can a bit faster, so that said we haven't provided a framework what we've said is the proficiency activity and looking how we will get through Q2, Q3, Q4 nature of bit (inaudible) their opportunity because we don't have certainly about other for evolve to the end of Q2 and Q3 so I don't want to say weather we're growing sequentially every quarter or we believe there are opportunities first of the top line and continues drug improvement in the business across the year.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase: Okay Ken couple of questions for you. Gross margin to make sure understood what you've said, you said comparable in to what we did in the fourth quarter of '09 and is that on adjusted in the fourth quarter and other words the one that benefiting from 41.1 million of over revenue or foreign adjusted number.
Unidentified Participant : That's based on adjusted number taking at the 1.1 million 
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase: I mean that comment we'd lead us believe if you think volumes are at least you're not going to take a leg down and volumes.
Unidentified Participant : There are some elements of or business are less dynamics than others Ken talk everybody as fees and there are something at moving a piece in the near team that things that most to have to gross margin or really volume in a given period against the base I'll get the fixed year so we think we got a regional view of that if we don't see a volumes declining then I think you could make these options that we think we got to analyze to deliver a gross margin. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the lines of Matt Dolan - Roth Capital.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Just another way to look that that growth outlook here outlook here, and you mentioned that you mentioned you had good start to 2010 and you are guiding to low 20% growth year-over-year in Q1, so your reluctance to provide full year guidance is that relative to the uncertainty in the market and should we assume since you been kind of a relative outperformed here even in the down quarters that if the market stabilizes you should continue to outperform in a way we've seen historically.
Tom Prescott: Brining on that, I'll start with the last question for outperforming; I think if you look at the past year, there are specific things we'd point to on why we outperform. So if you go back to quarter one when gave guidance coming into the year, we're coming up a really bad quarter for the economy starting to (inaudible) and lot of doctors done GP and Ortho side just going to the sidelines to our surprise as we indicated through the first quarter, Ortho got back in the game decided to learn how to sell to the patients and they surprise us with the volumes for the quarter that they came in with. And then in quarter two that phenomenon just continues for the Orthos. Coming into quarter three, Teen did a little better than we were anticipating coming into the quarter, it was our first fall summer that we could participate in that Teen space and that we did better than we anticipating in that quarter. So three things there why volumes are a little bit higher and also in the third and fourth quarter, certainly GP and Orthos were doing more business trying to meet the proficiency requirements and all the qualification periods as well. So a few things are going on, I guess the other thing I would point to we're shipping roughly 55 to 60,000 cases a quarter and as we (inaudible) couple of 2 to 3000 cases is about 3% of the overall volumes. So I look that as pretty reasonable as we see in forecasting given the broad base of individual proprietors that we are dealing with in the doctor's offices. 20,000 a quarter that we are shipping to, so we can be within about two or 3000 cases. I call that success from our point of view to break it down to an individual doctor, I know 2000 case over 20,000 doctors, 0.1 case per doctor accuracy so as we've look at the year now our visible at the quarters there's no different and it has been we've taken into account factors described on the call the economy the fact that more (inaudible) being up on a year-over-year basis and as Tom said going gaining share maybe a little bit faster than the broader market in general, that kind of the way we were calling it.
Unidentified Participant: But if I go back a little bit to how we though about the business this time last year and before we prepared for scenario that was work that we've saw but it working just towards then we saw because of the external environment there were lot of things we did that we're not comfortable we are couple of very large restructurings which in doing that well paying full help to create some leverage stress over the long term we accelerated some product development initiatives and market initiatives and we cut some cost for then I've towards investing in the business so we had room so what I've say is we're very, very please to have the outcome we've got we'll take some lock and if you good balances but its also part of some hard work and the team delivering important new products on time and gaining some head room in a pretty competitive market place so we couldn't have projected the potential upside and all these little areas that we got but we'll take it and it's a great time for us to stay hungry and keep pressing forward to continue to better.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Okay then finally in terms of your investments in the business you've talked about international and some marketing in 2009 and looks like you got better leads on lower cost, what's the strategy for sales and marketing dramatically in 2010 more raps more marketing fractionally what is going on there?
Tom Prescott: Sorry two different things, may be separate international in North America I think they can describe there is an incremental spending on a pretty small base of consumer demand in the (Inaudible) sense to do that, there is some incremental investment in headcount in four year and there is some incremental spending in countries like China where we were working to a regulatory cycle and moving ourselves towards a view to commercialization. We had a ways to go there, but there is a incremental investments of the book we are doing last year. In North America there is no incremental investment in sales force and we continue to hold the line pretty tightly on total consumer spend seeking additional productivity as we just mix and approach and seek greater conversion rate better efficiency all that. So in general, you have got (inaudible) technology development and product development and lot of other things. But these are incremental changes over the base you saw Q3, Q4 of last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from (inaudible).
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for taking my question. I just have couple of questions, quick ones. In your table in Invisalign proficiency requirements, there are 15,800 tenants who have started more than one case but they have falling short of the requirement and they got into June 30. I mean do you have any sense how many of those people could get up to the minimum five cases for half year.
Tom Prescott: Essentially yes, we do actually project by practice and sales reps and regional managers and area directors all own that allow that marketing team to support it and the clinical education team to support it to help them accomplish their objectives. By definition may said we want to be on board and we're working to do that. So there is a distribution within that of people that are frankly by the end of January almost getting their ten cases in for per year with the opportunity (inaudible) people there that are still trying to elevate their practices. What we gave them is a path with the additional qualification period that with effort especially they are starting in Q3 or something from very low base, if they are making the effort in energy, both on getting up the speed on the evolving product to see courses on line as well as trying to work in their practice increasing focus but generally trying to get going. We're going to support that. And so as we said two minutes ago, more of those practices then we originally projected we're actually making that effort and we wanted to reward that and give them a bit more ramps. So our hope is all of them are expectation is not all of them make it, but our hope is that they all make it and we do have a projection practice by practice about whether all sold out. Our bet with this overall thing is on the other side of this who have a fairly smaller more focused and more engaged customer base that has having a lot more success and Invisalign and that we spent our time helping them get that success in practice. So yes we do have a pretty refined view how we want that to project. We are going to have to wait till the end of Q2 to see how all plays out.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. I appreciate that. So the second question. The limited and (inaudible) if they have to take Clear Essentials or Clear Essentials or Clear Principles, to them to pay, if they do, how much they have to pay?
Tom Prescott:  The answer is yes, and this was described before the end of the year, so they can understand if they want to continue they would have to pay the regular prices which is around $2000 for the CE1 and we're prepared if we go lot of doctors that they want to come back on board to hold as many CE1 costs as we need to. So they would pay they would get started again and they would have the expectation to go ramp up and to get their tenant. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Jose Haresco - Brean Murray.
Jose Haresco - Brean Murray: Good afternoon folks and congratulations on a good quarter. I have a couple of questions, remember back in the analyst day in early 2008, you show a slide up there, it reminded the numbers (inaudible) but a large percentage of the revenue about maybe 60% was generated by the small number of providers maybe with 25% or so. Do we know that looks like as of the end of 2009 inspection fees been in place, what is that number look like these days?
Tom Prescott:  Yes we do know what it looks like, we're choosing not to provide a lot of visibility into the specifics because we're in transition and I think we're trying to lay out a framework with very detailed data showing you kind of which bucket practices are in. But the second part that is it would be reasonable to assume based on what we want to create is that our average practice would be more engaged with Invisalign and the lowest volume practices will be in (inaudible) and today they might be doing one. And the reason for us to focus on this is as we've tried everything we could imagine to engage them and our team our clinical support group wind up when they do one case a year or one case every six months it feels like the first time they have ever done a case and they struggle and then we have to drop it and help them and relearn all that, and what we are really after is with an evolving product like Invisalign we (inaudible) and it is going to feel like a new product if they do it once a year twice a year, so you should expect that to evolve but we have said explicitly that's our goal for them to evolve and again we'd love everybody to come along but looking to our part two to help each of these practices that want to successful Invisalign gets that, but it's already a smaller base right. As we have described it will be a small base from what we have described as the total in the past but they by definition will be more committed in engaging Invisalign.
Jose Haresco - Brean Murray: Okay. Referring back to these tables where you've got the limited and deactivated is that as of the end of 2009 that you have 9600 accounts deactivated 13400 in limited status is that 
Tom Prescott:   That is correct, that's January 1st.
Jose Haresco - Brean Murray: Should we also make the assumptions that break down within each category is similar to the ratios of Orthos and GPs you typically work with or is that more towards one or the other?
Tom Prescott: I would say you shouldn't make that assumption, there is a lot of movement and as I said before you had view of this from the Analyst Day a year ago roughly before we introduced this idea and those number are changing. As I said, one dynamic is the larger number of relatively low volume practices, they are really making efforts to try and track and lets say okay lets make this part of what we are doing. That was part of what we had in Q3 and a little bit in Q4 that itself is going to change what that base looks like, so you shouldn't make the assumption that the segmentation we showed by volume back in November of 2008 is the same distribution today.
Jose Haresco - Brean Murray: Okay, fair enough.
Tom Prescott: Again, I don't want to beat this issue, when we get through this and we have a view post proficiency kind of July 1st and beyond. We will share with you the evolving view of what our customer base looks like but it is not going to be a snapshot we expect it to be part of our business for a long time and so this will continue to evolve over time.
Jose Haresco - Brean Murray: Last question. Something you has mentioned throughout the course of 2009 in the economy was that you GPs in particular, we are just trying to sell, it doesn't matter whether it was at straighter teeth or teeth lightening or rough, just were afraid to sell because of the economy they were in. Have you qualitatively seen a change in that behavior?
Tom Prescott: Yes. There are things we have seen that we can speak to and then what all conversations I have had with leaders of other business that are in capital equipment or other areas there is; a, a little more money available to borrow for a practice that's in decent shape and; b, less uncertainty about the end of the world scenario that we had roughly a year ago kind of September '08 and through a good part of '09. So what I'd say and there are some geography involved there is more engagement by GPs to try to up sell services and that was a year ago, what I'd say is in general more GPs are more comfortable being reactive to what comes in the door than seeking to choose that line of practice and emphasize it. And there are differences but, let me just say also inside that broad statement we have some customers that are just doing a great job in places like Michigan and Ohio where you would there is ground zero for the economy being on scale so our message to our customers is there are opportunities for you to elevate your practice and we can be part of that solution. But slowly I think there is a bit of a thaw, it will be interesting to hear what some of the dental leaders come out with, they talked about dental visits and starting to grow again and upscale service starting to grow slowly, but I think that's going to come back slowly and I think the specials will always be a little more focused on marketing and those activity. 
Shirley Stacy:  Thank you everyone for joining us today, this concludes our conference call. We look forward to seeing you at our (Inaudible) events including the Roth conference in March. If you have any further questions please contact investor relations. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentleman this concludes today Align Technology teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Prescott - President and Chief Executive Officer Ken Arola - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Shirley Stacy - Senior Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Jonathan Block - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Ben Forrest - Summer Street Research Derek Leckow - Barrington Research Jose Haresco - Brean Murray
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Align Technology third quarter financial results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO and Ken Arola, Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me cover some housekeeping items. We issued a press release today via Globewire and FirstCall detailing Align's third quarter fiscal 2009 financial results. The press release is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. This conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on November 5th. To access a telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with account number 292 followed by #, and conference number 333971 followed by #. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same account number and conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements of Align's future events, product outlook and expected financial results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2009. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Please also note that on this conference call, we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures, where practical, are contained in today's financial results press release, which we've posted on our website at investor.aligntech.com, under Financial Releases and have furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. We've also posted a set of GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliation and our third quarter conference call slides on our website at investor.aligntech.com, under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. On the call today, I'll cover some highlights from our third quarter and briefly review the progress we've made towards achieving our strategic initiatives. Ken will follow with additional detail on our third-quarter financials and outlook for the fourth quarter. I'll come back with some closing comments and open the call up to your questions. Overall, Q3 was a very good quarter with better-than-expected results across the board. Q3 revenue increased to $79.3 million on record case shipments of 56,500 driven by growth in both the Ortho and GP channels in North America and continued adoption of Invisalign Teen worldwide. On a non-GAAP basis gross margins were 76.8%, operating margin was 14.4% and EPS was $0.13 a share. Our financial performance really highlights the operating leverage possible in this business when we drive sufficient volume into our more productive cost structure and it reaffirms the tough actions we took over the last 12 months. We continue to make progress in our strategy of driving adoption of Invisalign worldwide. This includes initiatives to continue product innovation, enhance the customer experience, improve the effectiveness of consumer demand creation, and extend international expansion. Before I review each of these, let me briefly provide an update on two key adoption metrics we track, the number of new doctors trained and utilization rates or what we call same-practice sales of our product. During Q3, we trained a total of approximately 800 new doctors, down from Q2, given fewer training courses during the summer months due to holiday and vacation schedules along with continued conservatism on the part of GPs, who may be a bit hesitant to add new services. Of those, approximately 500 doctors were trained in North America and 300 were new international doctors. Our approach to new doctor education continues to evolve. Our emphasis is on helping newly trained doctors integrate Invisalign into their practice more quickly and successfully in the weeks after training. For example, our new CE1 course now focuses primarily on Invisalign Assist, which is the only Invisalign product that includes built-in product support through our treatment and was designed to meet general dentist demand for instructive, integrated approach to case selection, monitoring and finishing. We believe that our focus on Invisalign Assist gives new doctors the features, support and confidence they need to achieve success with Invisalign as they're building experience with this new treatment modality. Total utilization for Q3 increased sequentially and year-over-year to 3.1 cases per quarter. In North America, utilization rate for orthos increased about 5% from Q2 and approximately 2% from the same quarter last year. For GPs, utilization was also up about 5% from Q2, but decreased slightly from the same quarter last year. Internationally, utilization rates in Q3 were down sequentially as expected, given the summer holiday schedule throughout much of Europe. On a year-over-year basis, international utilization increased approximately 11%, consistent with strong growth from the same quarter last year. Overall, Q3 volumes reflected good sequential growth for both North American orthos and GPs, particularly among lower volume doctors, who have been a key focus of our Proficiency Requirements. North American GP volume grew nicely this quarter, with the highest sequential growth since the second quarter of 2007. Many of our GPs are beginning to reengage Invisalign and have shown great progress and potential. North American ortho volume also grew sequentially, and for the first time since Q1 2008 showed positive year-over-year growth as well. Invisalign Teen is providing a real opportunity for us to reengage with orthos and is resulting in continued steady adoption. The summer months are the busiest for North American orthos because a large portion of teenage and pediatric case starts occur between June and September. Heading into this summer, our goal was to compete and win a portion of new case starts with Invisalign Teen and we're pleased with the progress we've made. Internationally, Q3 is a seasonally slower quarter due primarily to summer holidays in Europe; however, international volumes increased slightly from Q2, reflecting continued growth in Asia-Pacific. On a year-over-year basis, international grew 33% and made up 21% of total volume. I'll now move to an update on product innovation, starting with a brief review of the new and enhanced product features that we announced in Q3 for all Invisalign products. The significant product improvements we rolled out for extrusions, rotations and root movement are designed to overcome barriers to utilization and deliver better results across a wider range of cases. Newer Align features along with significant clinical upgrades in our software and protocols incorporate best practices frequently requested by doctors. We believe that all these improvements will give doctors greater confidence in what they can achieve with Invisalign and help to deliver the outcomes they expect. In Q3, total Teen case shipments increased 32% sequentially to 14% of worldwide volume, up from 11% in Q2. In North America, approximately 370 new orthos were trained on the Teen product during Q3, bringing the total to 2,800 or roughly 80% of our routine ortho customers in North America. The number of first-time Teen users continues to increase steadily, and the repeat rate among doctors that tried Teen for the first time in the prior quarter increased to 76% in Q3, up from 74% in Q2. Those adoption metrics are consistent with our view that orthos will steadily Invisalign Teen into their practice over time. Internationally, approximately 235 new orthos completed the Teen product training in Q3, for a total of about 1,600 doctors trained. We expect Teen uptick in international, especially in Europe, to be a bit slower as our consumer demand programs are not as broad in scale and scope as in North America. In addition to Teen, we continue to make solid progress with other new products. In Q3, total Invisalign Assist cases increased 25% sequentially to approximately 3% of volume. In addition to the new enhancements for all Invisalign products announced in September, additional features have been added or enhanced to Invisalign Assist, expanding its capabilities and giving doctors the confidence and control necessary to treat a wider range of patients. While overall penetration of Invisalign Assist is still small, it's meaningful to us to help get new practices going and with new and enhanced features, Assist can be a big part of accelerating Invisalign integration utilization in a practice that is just getting started. On the consumer marketing front, we continue to be successful with programs that more effectively and efficiently generate demand for Invisalign. I'll highlight a few areas of interest from Q3 as well as our plans for Q4. In conventional media, we've become more efficient in our approach and have spent less money year-to-date while maintaining total overall lead generation. You should see us in major markets across the country until the Thanksgiving holidays. On the public relations front, you've probably seen Invisalign in more print editorials and TV talk shows recently, which have generated great public awareness and complements our conventional media strategy. In Q3, Invisalign Teen was permanently featured as part of a back-to-school media tour in 10 markets across the country. And in Q4, we'll leverage the national orthodontic health month for both teen and adult-focused Invisalign editorial content. In terms of event marketing, our goal is to be out there were teens work and play. This summer was very busy for us as we took Invisalign Teen on the road to some of the hottest attractions for teens and their [parents]. First, we hit the US Open of Surfing in Huntington Beach, which attracted 0.5 million spectators and created over 37,000 brand impressions from our "What Makes You Smile" booth. We also participated in the Portland, Salt Lake City and Orlando Dew Tour stops, which had over 150,000 combined attendees and created more than 21,000 brand impressions. At every event, local Invisalign-trained doctors were on hand to discuss the benefits of Invisalign Teen, offer discount coupons for treatment and generate leads. In the fast emerging social network environment, we continue to engage with the blogosphere and with specific social networking sites. In Q3, Invisalign Teen hosted an exclusive regional Mom blogger event in San Francisco, which was a big opportunity for us to highlight good clinical evidence and educate online communities about the benefits of Invisalign versus traditional treatment. As a result, Invisalign is up to more than 1,200 posts in the active Mom blog network with 500 plus new posts in the last three months alone. These mom blog hits have generated nearly 900,000 consumer impressions to-date. Looking ahead, you'll continue to see Invisalign in digital and broadcast media, showing up in online communities in high-impact regional and national events, as we look for more ways to position Invisalign as cool, innovative and effective, especially to teens and their parents. In addition to these exciting events and activities, we're also working on another initiative that has high impact on consumers as well as our customers, the Invisalign brand itself. Invisalign was launched commercially in 1999. Over the past 10 years, our product brand has evolved significantly as we've continued to innovate and add new features and functionality to Invisalign system. Yet, many of our earlier branded marketing materials are still out there, invisible to consumers and customers. In addition, the in-market use of Invisalign brand image has been inconsistent and, in some cases modified or misused by well-meaning customers. Over the past year, we've conducted extensive brand research with customers and consumers to better understand what influences Invisalign adoption and utilization, including brand identity. The research identified an opportunity for us to reposition Invisalign around its core value proposition. With continued execution of our strategic initiatives and several new products in the market, now is the time to evolve the Invisalign brand image into a simpler, cleaner and more modern look and feel, one that visually appeals to consumers and doctors alike. Over the coming months, you'll begin to see our new branding appear in marketing materials, advertising and customer collateral. Now I'd like to spend a few moments on the updates we announced last month, the Invisalign Proficiency Requirements, which include a new designation for doctors who meet the annual requirements and an additional six month qualification period in 2010. The Invisalign Proficiency Requirements launched June 1st required every Invisalign provider in North America to achieve at least 10 shipped cases and 10 Invisalign-specific CE credits each calendar year to maintain active account status. We know that a doctor's confidence and proficiency levels with Invisalign are a direct reflection of his or her case experience with Invisalign. We want every Invisalign provider to be one we can comfortably direct a prospective patient to with an expectation of knowledgeable treatment and a great outcome. To date, we're pleased with the effort many of our customers have taken to reengage with Invisalign. Our Q3 results demonstrate real progress towards the proficiency goals, particularly for customers who have averaged less than 10 cases a year. At aligntechinstitute.com, where we've more than 250 hours of online instruction available at no cost to doctors, CE course completions are off the charts, indicating that customers are getting valuable training and want to reengage. Case shipments from lower volume doctors contributed nicely to our growth this quarter, and most importantly, many of these practices are starting to see the positive effect of building their practices with Invisalign with new sources of revenue and a growing number of happy patients. Doctors who meet or exceed the Proficiency Requirements by the end of 2009 will benefit from a new addition to Align's consumer marketing programs, one that encourages prospective patients to seek out Invisalign-preferred providers. Starting in January 2010, a new preferred provider designation and in-practice signs will be awarded to doctors who meet the Invisalign Proficiency Requirements for 2009. We will begin highlighting this designation on the Invisalign website and in consumer media and online ads. The preferred provider designation will reflect the new Invisalign branding that I just described and clearly identify those doctors who have achieved the Invisalign Proficiency Requirements. For doctors or practices, who are unable to meet the Proficiency Requirements this year will have at least one case shipment and one CE hour. We're offering a one-time additional six-month qualification period that will enable them to secure their Invisalign provider status for 2010. We believe that the additional qualification period will give doctors an opportunity to realize the full value of the recently announced product improvements, and therefore, gain greater confidence in Invisalign. Align remains committed to the proficiency initiative and to helping doctors be successful with Invisalign. That means recognizing their achievements or giving them a little extra time to experience what new and improved Invisalign can do for their practices. We're listening to our customers and know that many are working hard to reengage with Invisalign and reach the Proficiency Requirements. Ultimately, we hope every customer to achieve those goals. Before I turn the call over to Ken, I'd like to briefly comment on the settlement agreement we reached with Ormco Corporation during Q3. We're pleased to have resolved the ongoing litigation with Ormco and are excited about the prospects for incremental growth that this new relationship offers. Over the next seven years, we'll collaborate exclusively with Ormco to develop and market a combination of orthodontic product that targets the millions of people with more severe malocclusion that won't accept or start treatment with wires and brackets alone. Our goal is to tap these unmet needs and get more people to say yes to orthodontic treatment. It's too early to go into any specific details on what we're internally calling combo, but as we get closer to a commercial availability we'll talk more about the product and the opportunity. Suffice it to say that we're pleased to be working with Ormco on a solution that will enable us to compete for a segment of the market that can enhance our penetration into the broader market world. I'm now turning the call over to Ken for more detail on our third quarter financials and our outlook in Q4, and then I'll come back for a few closing remarks.
Ken Arola: Thanks, Tom. Now let's review our third quarter financial results, beginning with the income statement. Q3 revenue in shipments both grew sequentially and year-over-year, despite the summer months being a seasonally slower period for Align. Q3 net revenue of $79.3 million and record case shipments of 56,500 increased 4% and 7%, respectively from quarter two.  The sequential revenue growth reflects the overall increase in case volume, partially offset by an increase in deferred revenue associated with new products such as Teen and Assist. The Q3 sequential growth in case volume was driven by North American GPs and orthos, who are working hard to meet the Proficiency Requirements as well as continued progress with Invisalign Teen. On a year-over-year basis, growth was strong internationally with case volume, up 33% and revenue up 22%. The revenue growth rate reflects the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates as the dollar has strengthened against the euro from the same period last year. Q3 revenue by channel consisted of 43% for North American GPs, 29% for North American orthos, 23% for international and 5% for non-case revenue, which includes the retainer business, training revenues and ancillary offerings. Before I move on, I'd like to take a moment to discuss the Ormco settlement in which the company issued 7.6 million shares and paid $13.1 million in cash to Danaher. For accounting purposes, the settlement was valued at $76.7 million, as the shares issued carried certain restrictions and thus a discounted value. Of the $76.7 million, $69.7 million was recorded in quarter three operating expenses as a one-time settlement cost. The remaining $7 million was characterized as a prepaid royalty to be expensed to cost of sales from the date of the settlement through the end of Ormco's 444 patent. With that, let's move on to gross margin. Q3 GAAP gross margin was 74.4% compared to 76% in quarter two and 75% in the same quarter last year and included $1.9 million for Ormco royalties. Additionally, stock-based compensation expense was $359,000 in quarter three compared to $406,000 in quarter two and $437,000 in the same quarter last year.  Excluding Ormco royalties Q3 non-GAAP gross margin was a record 76.8%. The increase in non-GAAP gross margin was driven primarily by the favorable impact from higher case volumes. Q3 GAAP operating expenses were $119.2 million compared to $51.7 million in quarter two and $50.7 million in the same quarter last year, and included $69.7 million for Ormco settlement costs. It also included stock-based compensation expense of $3.6 million compared to $3.9 million in quarter two and $4 million in the same quarter last year. Excluding the Ormco settlement costs, Q3 non-GAAP operating expenses were $49.5 million compared to $51.3 million in quarter two and $48.5 million in the same quarter last year. The sequential decrease largely reflects the timing of several significant customer events. In quarter two, there were two events, the AAO Tradeshow and the European summit. And in quarter three, there was only one event, the North American GP Summit. Q3 GAAP operating income was a loss of $60.2 million compared to income of $6.3 million in quarter two and $5.7 million in the same quarter last year. Excluding the Ormco settlement cost and royalties, Q3 non-GAAP operating income was $11.4 million or 14.4% compared to $6.7 million or 8.7% in quarter two and $7.9 million or 10.5% in the same quarter last year. On a year-over-year basis, Q3 non-GAAP operating income increased 44.5% or 390 basis points, reflecting top-line growth combined with improving operating efficiencies and our continued focus on expense management. Q3 GAAP EPS was a loss of $0.72 and included Ormco settlement costs and royalties of $0.85 per share. This is compared to GAAP EPS of $0.07 in quarter two and $0.08 in the same quarter last year. Excluding Ormco litigation and settlement costs and royalties, Q3 non-GAAP EPS was $0.13 compared to $0.07 in quarter two and $0.11 in the same quarter last year. Shares used to calculate the GAAP and non-GAAP EPS included a weighted average of the 7.6 million shares issued to Danaher during quarter three. This is due to the timing of the share issuances during the quarter. The full weighting of these shares will be reflected in quarter four. Now let's move on to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities after the $13.1 million cash payment as part of the Ormco settlement were $154.9 million. This is compared to $110.2 million at the end of 2008. In quarter three, we generated roughly $10.8 million in cash from operations compared to $18.5 million in quarter two and $17.4 million in the same quarter last year. Q3 DSO's were 63 days compared to 63 days in quarter two and 59 days in the same quarter last year. In Q3, deferred revenue on the balance sheet increased by $4.8 million or 20.7% sequentially to $27.9 million. This increase primarily represents the revenue deferrals associated with new products such as Invisalign Teen and Assist. Now let me turn to our outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. For Q4, we expect revenues to be in a range of $77.5 million to $81 million on case volume of 57,000 to 59,000 cases. This summer is typically the busiest time for ortho practices that have a high percentage of adolescent and teen patients. This past summer was the first full summer we were able to actively compete for some of these teenage starts, and we're pleased with the progress we've made with teen growth generating 14% of our worldwide volume in quarter three. With the summer rush ending in September, teenage orthodontic case starts are typically flat to down in quarter four, in line with historical orthodontic trends. While we're pleased with the continued progress of Invisalign Teen and expect to compete for a greater share over time. In Q4, we're anticipating less teen growth due to the seasonal trends. Also, as new products like Teen increase, a greater amount of revenue will be deferred to the balance sheet, which will have an impact on revenue and gross margins. As we've mentioned earlier, during quarter three we saw growth from both North American orthos and GPs, particularly among the low-volume doctors who have been a key focus of our Proficiency Requirements. While we're pleased with this progress, it's unclear whether these low-volume doctors will maintain the same pace in the near-term, given the recently announced six-month qualification period. We expect Q4 international volumes to grow sequentially as Europe comes off a seasonally slower summer period. We expect Q4 GAAP gross margin to be in a range of 71.1% to 71.8% and include approximately $3.8 million for Ormco royalty expense. Q4 non-GAAP gross margin, excluding Ormco royalty expense is expected to be in a range of 76% to 76.5%, slightly down from quarter three, reflecting a higher level of deferrals, discounts and rebates. In quarter four, we expect GAAP operating expenses to be in a range of $49 million to $50 million. On a sequential basis, our continued investments in geographic expansion and media advertising will be offset by a decrease in Ormco litigation costs. In quarter four, we expect GAAP operating margin to be in a range of 7.9% to 10.1% and GAAP EPS to be in a range of $0.07 to $0.09. Excluding the Ormco royalty cost of approximately $3.8 million in cost of sales, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to be in a range of 12.8% to 14.8% and non-GAAP earnings per share to be in a range of $0.08 to $1.10. In quarter four, we expect the GAAP effective tax rate to be in a range of approximately 10% to 12% and the non-GAAP effective tax rate to be in a range of 33% to 36%. We expect diluted shares outstanding for quarter four to be approximately 76 million shares. This includes the full weighting of the 7.6 million shares issued for the settlement with Ormco. From a balance sheet perspective, cash on hand at the end of quarter four is expected to be approximately $170 million to $175 million, and DSO is expected to remain in the mid-60s. Now I'll turn the call back to Tom for some closing comments.
Tom Prescott: In summary, I'm pleased with the progress we've made this quarter, particularly with lower volume doctors in North America. Our results demonstrate continued execution of our strategy as well as our under-penetrated position in that very large market we play in. The actions we took last year to lower our cost base are enabling us to continue investing in our key strategic initiatives or driving overall profitability. We look forward to updating you on our continued progress on the next earnings call. And with that, let's go to the operator for some questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Tao Levy with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: A very strong quarter and obviously, it seems like Teen is off to a very strong start. Your kind of tepid outlook for Q4, even though I think it's sequentially up -- is that around more the Teen adoption following the Q3 results, or is it on the GP side?
Tom Prescott: Well, I think there's a couple things. I think Ken highlighted very well the normal seasonality around Teen. We were able to compete for it, got a little bit more. And we're pleased with that. But historically if you look at the ortho starts, they're lumped. You know, 40%-plus of them occur in those months. So we expect a little less upside there. In general, we see the business solid going forward but without some of that uplift we had in Q3 from that seasonality.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: If you look in the quarter, what's also a little bit surprising is to see some of the other products hold steady as a percent, especially Invisalign Express, about 15% of the cases. What's driving the growth with the Express product? We thought that it would taper down a bit.
Tom Prescott: I think we spoke about this a couple calls ago, when the mix for Express was moving around a little bit that our customers are working harder to get patients to start the case. They come in, they want a better smile. They're presenting them with a full range of alternatives. In some cases patients are electing not to undergo full comprehensive treatment, but to work more on the anterior smile and I think that continues. That underscores products like Express hanging in there pretty well.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Last question on the operating expense side, obviously you're showing very good discipline over there. And even in your guidance you're looking for things to stay kind of sequentially flat there. Is that a set budget, you said kind of like now or at the beginning of the quarter and you kind of stick to it? There isn't too much flexibility? And then, heading -- I know you're not going to give 2010 guidance, but heading into next year, is this sort of the operating margin structure that we should be thinking about for Align?
Ken Arola: Tao, this is Ken. At this point in quarter four, we basically are now attaining the cost savings from the restructurings we did a year ago or so with the structural moves that we've made. So that's basically what we're looking at for quarter four on an operating expense basis. And as I think about things going forward, one of the things you've got to remember is that we've some lumpiness in our operating expenses on a quarter-by-quarter basis, based on significant events and trade shows that go on. And we're also going to look at continuing investing in our strategic initiatives as we go forward and get the leverage out of those. But we're forming our view of next year right now, going through our budgeting cycles. And we're going to be prepared to share that with you in our January call for our quarter one guidance. But I'll say that we've achieved the cost savings we were anticipating and that's built into our base of operating expenses in quarter four. And obviously, we've had nominal legal expenses in quarter four related to Ormco just winding things down.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Taylor Harris with JPMorgan Chase.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase: Tom, I was just wondering if you could just start by talking to us about why exactly you decided to extend the proficiency program?
Tom Prescott: Sure. Well, first of all, we see a lot of our customers really making great effort to try and make it. And some of those customers that were in kind of a 1-4, 1-6 range were coming off very low activity in practice to try to market Invisalign, to stay current with Invisalign, hadn't been to summits or workshops or provider training study clubs, things like that. And so, literally, after we got through the first maybe month or two of rollout, a lot of them had to make choices about whether they were going to try and put some effort in or not. We saw a lot of people with our (inaudible) engaged in that lower volume customers. As I said, the amount of activity, fortunately very scalable activity, for podcasts and the CE training at Aligntech Institute pointed us towards they're really making efforts; on top of that, they were working very hard with the reps to do practice building sorts of things. So, with that in hand, we kind of started coming to the view, after listening to a lot of them that if we gave them a bit more runway with that effort, they could definitely get there. It's hard to go from one or two cases a year, where the hygiene staff and the office is really (inaudible) to it, to where they're having those routine discussions. And so what we wanted to do was, having gotten them started, we wanted to give those practices that were really making that commitment a realistic chance of maintaining their active status, and then push it over the line by next June. That's the rationale.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase: And you did point out that you are certainly seeing an uptick in some of these low-volume GPs trying to make the cut. Any way you can quantify what that impact was for us here in the third quarter?
Tom Prescott: Ken and I described both in qualitative terms, not quantitative terms that we had a broad positive response from low-volume orthos and low-volume GPs across the board. Again, the leading indicators that we talked about originally started with engagement with our sales force and clinical team, starting to get the education and then starting to do the practice building things that would lead them to be comfortable with the product and at the same time, we rolled out the whole 1.5. There's a whole big evolution, and this is a different Invisalign to work with. So, with that additional fact, we thought give them a little more time and we see them responding up and down the line.
Taylor Harris  JPMorgan Chase: So, can you characterize for us what your expectations are because this is important for us as we think about 2010 with how different groups of doctors are responding or will respond to the program? You've broken it down into the super low-volume guide in the past, the mid-range, and the people doing seven to nine; can you give us your latest thoughts on what those different groups of doctors are doing or you think are going to do?
Tom Prescott: Well, let me frame it this way. We have not given any quantitative view of what's going on inside of those large buckets, but we've had a very good response from -- I think the numbers were one to four and then five to seven and eight to ten, in round numbers were the groups of customers. We've had a very positive response from the low-volume and the medium-volume, and the higher-volume docs are kind of just cranking along. At any point in time they can get over that 10 pretty easily with a little more effort. So, again, we are still early in this process, especially by moving this out to June 30 of next year. Our goal is to bring all these customers along with us and reintroduce them to the new Invisalign and the new features and the new capabilities and help them flourish in practice.  So, we are working on that. It's an everyday job but I think we are getting good response from the lower volume and medium volume customers in general.
Taylor Harris  JPMorgan Chase: Okay, and just one last question. I want to make sure I understood your comments on Teen. Are you saying there are going to be fewer Teen cases in the quarter or the rate of growth is going to slow? Then what percentage of those Teen cases do you think are actually adults?
Tom Prescott: Those are a couple of different questions. The first part of your question, I think is going to our framework for describing summer seasonality relative to our expectations for Teen in Q4. Then the second part, I believe, of your question had to do with percentage of adults and teens. I will take the first one and just say simply, it's just a fact of the timing that a large portion of the annual orthodontic starts for pediatric and adolescent cases occur between June and September, just about the time they are getting out of school and just about the time where they go back to school. I've seen numbers, 40% plus of all the orthodontic starts occur during those months.  So, what we were describing is, as we never got to compete for those really before, now that we get to compete for them, now that that summer rush is over, we expect less of that upside potential, just because the normal volume of starts is back on. That's the fact and we haven't been at this long enough with Teen to have what I would call a good baseline for comparison. This is the first full year that we've been able to compete for the summer months and I think we are still a bit under-penetrated. But in general I think we'll probably start to follow, over time, the general trend in the orthodontic starts in that community. Does that make sense? I'll stop there for a second.
Taylor Harris  JPMorgan Chase: Right, that makes sense. But you are still so early in the ramp of Teen. I mean as part of your guidance for the fourth quarter, are you assuming a higher number of Teen cases?
Tom Prescott: Well, what I would say is, the first part is absolutely true; we are under-penetrated in general and we are under-penetrated in Teen. All I'm describing is, it's a fact that the bulk of teen cases start in the summer months. So there are still other starts that occur later in the year and in first and second quarter, but it's just a seasonality effect that we are describing. So, by definition, it feels like there's a little less upside in that teen effect, nothing else going on besides that.  So the second part of your question had to do with percentage of adults and teens and I don't have the numbers in front of me and I don't think we've talked about them at a quantitative level. One of the things we expect to see, well some doctors were accusing Teen on adults because of features, either compliance indicator or lingual root torque or other kinds of movements they wanted to do. Now that we've rolled those features out broadly for all of the Invisalign products, we are going to have to have probably a couple of quarters to see how that all sorts out. We might, in fact, see them not use Teen for an adult where they would have.  Again, we are early in Teen, we are very early in the rollout of 1.5, which has some of those -- has spread those features over the Full and Express and everything else and so we expect to see some movement there over the coming few quarters.
Taylor Harris  JPMorgan Chase: Okay, thanks a lot. 
Tom Prescott: Sure. Next question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Dolan of Roth Capital. Please proceed with your question. 
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Hi guys, good afternoon. 
Tom Prescott: Hey Matt. 
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Tom, maybe a follow-up on the proficiency program and just thinking about next year; the broader question is, are you expecting this to be negative, neutral or positive to the overall trajectory of the business? I'm assuming not negative at this stage given your feedback. Then, maybe the second part of that question going over to Ken; as the utilization rate should go up under a proficiency program, how should we be thinking about pricing and high-volume discounting and therefore gross margin as the program starts to take effect on your actual numbers?
Tom Prescott: I'll start and then let Ken figure out how he can answer the second question without guidance. But the first part is, we aren't far enough into finishing our planning for 2010 to look at all the factors that would contribute to 2010 numbers, proficiency being one of them. But let me point back to when we rolled this out June 1, we described that we didn't think it would have a material impact on our business this year. So, while it's too early for me to talk specifically about 2010, if we were to isolate proficiency as a bit of a journey here to really engage customers so that they and their practice and their patients get maximum positive impact, then we believe there is a way to do that with minimizing the churn for the business as customers select in and select out. I would expect, in general, as an isolated action that, likely to be the case in 2010, but there's other factors in terms of other timing of product rollouts and other kinds of things that are both positive and negative effects. Again, it's too early to talk about that. But in general, we think proficiency covers itself as a tactical plan but as a long-term strategic program that makes sense. I'll hand Ken the second part and see if he can impact the pricing issue relative to tighter, more engaged base.
Ken Arola: Yes, Matt. Right now, our advantage rebate program really addresses doctors that are doing more than 12 cases a quarter right now. So at this point, we are anticipating that we are going to keep the rebate program in place as it stands. We actually evaluate those rebate programs every year going into the year, so I wouldn't anticipate any significant changes at least at this point in time; but if there is, we'll let you know about that. As far as programs that doctors participate, for example, the teen discount programs, or Assist programs, we evaluate those every quarter and determine whether we want to continue running those programs or not. And we'll continue to do that as we go through the first part of next year on a quarter-by-quarter basis. So, at this point all we can really tell you is you can kind of assume the same modeling as far as the way that's going to apply to the customer base. Now, when you get to a smaller base, I think that's where we'll have to take a different mix and potentially, a different look at this.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Okay, that's great, thank you.
Tom Prescott: Can I maybe come back and build on what Ken just said? I'm thinking, between the last question and this one; because you are going after elements that are part of our overall guidance. We really aren't ready to talk about guidance, you're going after pieces of it. I don't want to sound wishy-washy about our next year. We just aren't there yet. What I'd say at a high-level without giving guidance is; we think the economy continues kind of like it is, maybe a little better, maybe a little worse. We believe we have an opportunity to build the business through this, but we're just not ready to talk about it. So, if we sound wishy-washy, it's only because you're going after elements of it, and it's hard for us to answer that without giving a broader framework on guidance. Is that fair?
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: That's fair. I'll skip the other question I was going to ask relative to that and just move to maybe your general thoughts on where we are, not maybe in terms of the general economy but relative to the Invisalign business, finally seeing year-over-year and sequential growth in Q3. You've characterized the business as kind of a 15% to 20% grower over a long period of time. Are we starting to kind of come out of what you'd call the trough, looking back now?
Tom Prescott: Maybe I'll take a shot, and Ken can add. What I'd say is, there was great uncertainty earlier in the year about how bad it would be, and we took actions early to make sure we had the flexibility to survive really bad and, hopefully, that we called it right and we continue to invest in the strategic priorities. Having those strategic priorities come online for us in a series of new projects and key initiatives is starting to give us operating leverage in our cost structure, as Ken described, and you are seeing impact from new products like Teen now, a full year in with 1.5, and more to come.  In the meantime, we are funding future growth streams in places like China and other geographies, buttressing our growth in Europe. So, if I had to step back, I'd say we believe that if the economy stays like it is, we are prepared to go build the business into that and at the same token, if things got better we could maybe do a little better, if things got worse, we could have some flexibility. Maybe that's where I'll leave it.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Good, thank you guys. 
Tom Prescott: Next question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Block with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Jonathan Block - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Hey guys, good afternoon. 
Tom Prescott: Hey Jonathan. 
Ken Arola: Hey Jonathan.
Jonathan Block - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Maybe just the first question, I think you guys gave us a lot of color on some of the marketing initiatives around Teen. I'm just wondering if you can give us a feel for maybe in terms of the amount, in other words, in dollars or percentages of what amount of your awareness spend, if you would, is specific to the Teen product now with it about 15% of your volumes.
Tom Prescott: Sure, without giving exact numbers, because we've given directional guidance on total spend which you can see in the marketing line; we really haven't broken out details in consumer spend. In general, we are spending most of our PR effort and engaging in social networks and blogosphere, etc., on Teen. We are spending most of our creative in conventional media, TV, etc., is still structured around the normal Invisalign adult, although we are putting tag lines on it, look for Teen.  Starting late this year, early next year, when we roll out, we expect some evolution to that and you'll see more of a shift for our conventional media to support the Teen message. But as we stand here today, most conventional media, the creative still supports the core Invisalign product.
Jonathan Block - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, great. I don't want to continue harping on the proficiency program, obviously, the numbers were more than there. Just wondering, the original proficiency program like you guys laid out, it seemed like it was acting as a good initiative for the lower-volume docs. You said it engaged some of them and got them online. Then you went ahead and you altered it a little bit; I think it was the first week of October. So can you share with us maybe some feedback or what you've seen? Is it even further engaging some of the really low-volume guys that just said, you know what, under the original there was no way I was going to get there. Now I see the Company is willing to work with me, and I'm on board.
Tom Prescott: It's exactly that. We listen to our sales force, we listen to our customers; we had a lot of people starting from basically a standing stop to say, how do I get going and I would like to continue this; but what do I need to do? Literally, we've got roughly 140-150 reps out there calling out thousands of customers that are now making legitimate effort. We legitimately want to give them a shot to get at it. They got the CE credits in. They are coming to study clubs, they are investing efforts, their hygiene staff is starting to talk about the value, the health impacts of a better smile. But it takes time when there's no effort in practice to get that rolling up.  We're pleased to see that level of effort in so many customers. Again, I think the way we've described it in the past is, the metrics were positive, CE credits being used, people attending events, effort in practices reported by reps, and all these activities kind of on a weekly basis and seeing that kind of groundswell, we thought, well, there are some people that have busted their tails out have now made it. Are they going to be disappointed now that we are giving more room? The answer is, look, we are about doing the right thing for our customers and their patients and if we can bring everybody along and they need a little more time and they are making legitimate efforts, we are willing to do that. That's really what this is about, it is just listening to a lot of our customers and wanting to help them get going.  In parallel, it's in a time when the average dental visit is spending less money and in there for more basic services, it's awfully nice for some of these offices to start adding revenue and getting really happy patients and that kind of reaffirms their decision, and to put the effort in. So, again, we are heading in the right direction. We've got two or three more quarters to go in this whole thing but I believe it's in the direction of goodness.
Jonathan Block - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, great. Maybe just one last one, Ken, maybe just some housekeeping; in terms of DSO's, do you expect that to stay at sort of this low to mid 60s, even with international ramping and then also when do we start to really pull down on the deferred revenues from Teen? Is that something where you see it in the beginning of 2010? Are these kids losing those extra aligners, or do you have to wait for case completion in order to recognize the revenue? Thanks guys. 
Ken Arola: DSOs, I would anticipate that those will still continue to run around the mid-60s, where they've been. We have completed our transition down to Costa Rica with the credit and AR team and they've done a very good job of getting up to speed to maintain those DSO's. So, even with the growth internationally, we have some different terms internationally on payment structure than we do in the US, so we should be able to maintain it in those kind of ranges on a go-forward basis, which I'm very pleased about because, when you make a big transition like that with a credit group, you worry a little bit about those things. But we had a good team transition, and everybody pulled together to make that happen effectively.  As far as Teen deferrals, with the replacement liners, we'll start recognizing that when the case is complete, since they are not using them. We have to actually have about two years of experience before we can actually change our accounting methodology on that where we can recognize a portion of those retainers, if the teens aren't using them on a historical basis. And we can demonstrate that. So with the Teen product, for example, when we ship it, it will complete in case, call it about a year out and then somewhere between a year and probably add another six months to that is when you start recognizing the revenue for the Teen deferrals.  So if you think about when we started shipping Teen, last summer was the first commercial shipment. We are starting to get some of those cases completed, so we are getting a little bit of take-back of revenues into the P&L, very nominal at this point in time. That will start picking up into 2010 and into 2011.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Jonathan. Operator next question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Forrest with Summer Street Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Ben Forrest - Summer Street Research: Thanks a lot for taking the question. Most of my questions have been answered. I was wondering, when you cut off low-volume centers, in some way you open up the door for competitive products to come in, whether it's slightly different product or maybe a slightly less expensive product. Wondering anything you are doing to manage that in terms of new competitors.
Tom Prescott: Well, you know it's a great question, and I'm glad we've answered your other questions, Ben. The simple fact is we are certainly aware of our competitive environment, and we've had competitors in clear aligners for a long time; Ormco, Red White and Blue or Simply Five. There's others, and certainly there's others out there and at some level while we are mindful of the fact that they may be able to pick up customers that don't to do more than one or two a year, what we've to be most concerned about is that the practice is successful with a product that is continuing to evolve and 1.5 is a great example of that rollout. It's a very significant change in software, in protocols and application of technology. And if the practice isn't putting a some modicum of effort into staying up with it, it's going to be hard for them to use the technology, deliver best results, be satisfied in their own right with having in there, as a service in their practice. Then, secondarily, having patients be thrilled. So wow, we know going in, eyes wide open, that making this choice and if we have to say goodbye to some customers, we hate doing that. But in the same talk, we're making every effort to try and bring everybody along. Now, we know not everybody will make the journey in there. Look, A, we're not trying to tell them how to practice dentistry. And, B, we want to make ourselves the best choice. So the last thing we want to do is drive someone off. But if, in fact, they choose to do something different, that is completely within their rights. And we are going to do the best we can to compete for every one of those practices and have people asking for Invisalign.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from the line of Derek Leckow with Barrington Research. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: Tom, just real quickly on the new product enhancements and the training that you guys have been engaged in with doctors, to what extent do you think that may have led to a bit of pent-up demand or delay of case starts over the past couple of months here?
Tom Prescott: It's a good question. Sometimes in medical technology, if people see something coming, they do change. In this case, we think we surprised them with 1.5. Certainly, we've been giving them a pretty steady diet of evolution and improvement. There's several things going on at once. What I'd say is if there's an effect here, it would be very small but very positive. And let me tell you what I mean by that. In the case of Invisalign Assist, our prior Assist product, which we featured in our new doctor training for GPs, it was very limited. It was limited to how complex of a case and how exactly it could be used. Now with 1.5 evolution. all the features and technology available in Invisalign Full can be used for Assist. It's just, the way it's structured, we try very hard to help new customers just use Assist for their first 5 or 10 cases because there's a lot of iterations for them and us to work together so they develop the experience and confidence. After they've got about 10 cases in, they pretty much have explored all the software and a kind of a typology of cases. So if there's an upside because of the change, it's because the expansion applicability in 1.5 hit Assist. But that's a pretty small slice of our business, A. And then, B, they didn't know it was coming. So it wouldn't have been pent-up demand as much as it would have been that we've seen those new doctors now. I think I can say it's about putting numbers on it coming out of those new certifications or those new Clear Essentials I trainings, using more Assist and getting started faster. So that's a positive effect. It's a small, but it's a positive effect.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: Well, I guess essentially what I think I'm seeing here is that your addressable markets for these products, (inaudible) address some of these more complicated, technique-sensitive cases, wouldn't you agree that sort of increases the market size that you guys can address right now?
Tom Prescott: Absolutely. Our strategy, as we've talked about it before, it kind of rests on four pillars. And even product innovation, what we talk about is creating greater predictability and wider applicability. Wider applicability goes to how complex the case mix we can go after. And of course, our view differs from the most conservative clinician. But again, part of our work here is to create clinical evidence and proof and explain the technology. The second part is predictability, so that when on a more difficult rotation or a movement, if the doctor could be more sure that moment [ph] expresses as they planned and that goes to the evolved techniques for placement and use of attachments, certain kinds of rotation approaches, the materials themselves. If those movements are more predictable, they happen on time, then ultimately the case progresses very smoothly. And that's really a lot of 1.5 and what will follow is about -- that predictability is visible and easy to see from the beginning of the case on. Then, secondly, we are able to address a larger slice of patients. But again, orthodontics is a bit conservative. They've got to see it for themselves, and they are less swayed by what they read or a clinical study. They are more swayed by personal experience and say, boy that case went really well. So, again, there's a slow, steady adoption and we're perfectly happy on a wide base of getting that effect.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: That brings the next question, Tom. If the economy stays where it is, let's say, it seems to me that these utilization rates that we are seeing, sort of, the pace of 3.1, that's a pretty much a low-water mark at this point in time, wouldn't you agree? And so we should probably look at that as being somewhat easy to improve as more of these cases ought to come through and come through with good results. Do you think you can get up in the five's kind of category?
Tom Prescott: I'm going to react to your word easy, yes, piece of cake. Derek, you've been banging, I know you've been out seeing investors in the dental space. It's a large, fragmented base of customers that have very strong views about how they want to practice and what they want to do. Our job is to become one of their best choices and then make sure we've got a set of tools and products that they want to use everyday. And that's a long-term journey. So what I'd say, in the near-term, just looking at that average number, there's going to be denominator effects and numerator effects. I'm going to remind you of that, especially as we work through proficiency. We've got some moving elements in our customer base. So what I would say is we will try to give you enough visibility inside orthodontic groups and GP groups so you can unpack that. But I would expect a little bit of volatility in the average utilization number. Over time, we believe having a more engaged, committed base of customers and evolving product line is going to do nothing but make utilization go up. That's one of our core strategies.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Research: Great. Congratulations and thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Jose Haresco with Brean Murray.
Jose Haresco - Brean Murray: Couple of questions here. When you think about the utilization rates in the summer months, as you know already, they are remarkably stable. Can you guys see out at all how much of that was caused by some of these outreach programs that you guys had going, Invisalign Teen or a more generally positive outlook on the part of new users?
Ken Arola: Jose, this is Ken. It's interesting when you talk about more positive outlook from our customers. We do know that the doctors are still being shopped around out there and they are still having to work hard to sell their cases, both on the GP side as well as on the ortho side. And you've seen orthos be pretty successful at that. The utilization rates over the summer months, I think you had a couple of things happening here. One, it was our first full participation during the summer with Teen and we saw nice sequential growth with the Teen product, which certainly helped on orthodontic utilization rates here from a quarter-over-quarter basis. As you mentioned on the call, on the GP side of it, it's a broad base of GPs. And when you have such a broad base of doctors doing a few cases here and there and they do a few extra during the quarter, it has some upward pressure on your utilization rates. And that's what we saw during the summer months here as doctors were trying to strive towards the proficiency program. So the other thing is, we do have some discount programs out there that they are taking advantage of and doing more cases and particularly with Teen and Assist, as doctors are coming out of training classes and doing their first 10 cases or so. So I think that has more of an impact from my perspective than just general economic trends. It's hard for us to calibrate that, but we do know, again, that doctors are still getting shopped around and having to work hard.
Jose Haresco - Brean Murray: Ken, another follow-up question for you on the gross margin side. You mentioned that in Q4 we have started to recognize some of those improvements that you did over the last year. Over the long run, talking like two or three years out, what more can be done, if anything, to improve those? And over what time frame would we expect to see those changes, if any?
Ken Arola: We still think we have more room to improve our gross margins. We've done an awful lot of automation in the factory, but there's still more that we can do over time and each year we are looking at those. For example, right now we're looking at what we can do as far as 2010 with our annual planning cycle that we are starting. So, how we can drive additional efficiencies by handling operations either differently or different types of automation in the process. I think, if you look back to historically, you've seen the company has done a superb job at that and improving gross margins up to where they are today, from the mid-60s of several years ago. But each year the guys in operations are looking real hard at that. And they'll find $500,000 here and $500,000 there, where they can make improvements or they can make structural changes, like we have over the past year or two, in moving more of the cost structure down to Mexico.
Tom Prescott: If I can add to that, this is not just being looked as a costing. Sometimes a performance improvement in product we pull that all the way through. It also gives us opportunities to design it in a way that gives us margin improvement, so that we get an evolution that's positive for our customer and a way to simplify a set of processes either in Juarez or Costa Rica. So we try to look at that as a system, not just as kind of grinding cost out.
Jose Haresco - Brean Murray: Just a housekeeping issue, we've talked about how 40% of the case volumes for teenagers tend to happen over the summer months. Could you put that into a hard number for us so we all have the same base? Is that 400,000, 300,000 kids, on average, in the US?
Tom Prescott: I don't have the numbers at my hand. The American Association of Orthodontists has put out and the AJO has put out broad descriptions of what the flow of case starts look like. Since we aren't the market, we have a slice of the market. The big players talk about this more extensively than we do. If we can find something, we'll get our hands on it and send you a copy. But in general, the trend they talk about in orthodontics for starts is for adolescent and pediatric cases. The rush is June to September. Some number around 40% of the total annual starts they do are in those three months or so, but again, if we can find a couple of references for you, we'll shoot them to you. I think the AJO has done this, and I think the AAO has had some data out there.
Jose Haresco - Brean Murray: Last question, on the international front. How should we think about you guys prioritizing all the different regions? Could you just walk us through what those distribution models are going to look like in the various areas?
Tom Prescott: Sure. We've been pretty transparent about what our priorities are, going back to our Investor Day a year or two ago and simply stated we continue to make investments to grow and extend in Europe. I think Gil Laks and our team have continued to invest in further localization of the model, while we've gotten some leverage out of that, and they continue to drive growth in the four or five major Western European countries: UK, Italy, Germany, France and Spain, generally in that order. In Asia-Pacific, I think, as Ken talked about on the volume side, we have a distribution partner over there covering many of the important but smaller country markets, doing a very good job of driving volume growth. Again, we don't have this. It's not as big a business and certainly they get a piece of that revenue so you don't see as much of it on the top line, but very important to us. They continue to build that out. We prioritize several large country markets like Japan, like China and South Korea as markets we would reserve to direct support ourselves. We are making investments in China. We are in Japan and considering scaling and then in Latin America, the same way. It's a smaller market. We have a distribution partner down there. And over time, we'll find distribution alternatives for, again, smaller but still attractive individual country markets in Europe, Middle East and Africa. But again, the major direct footprints are North America and then four or five key countries in Europe.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing remarks.
Shirley Stacy: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. This concludes our third quarter conference call. If you have any further questions, please contact Align Investor Relations. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes Align Technology's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Prescott - President and Chief Executive Officer Ken Arola - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Shirley Stacy - Senior Director of Investor Relations 
Analysts:  Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan Matt Dolan - Roth Capital  Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank   
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Align Technology fourth quarter and 2008 fiscal year end financial results call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions)  It is now my pleasure to introduce Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin. 
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, everyone. Im Shirley Stacy, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO, and Ken Arola, Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me cover some housekeeping items. We issued a press release today via PR Newswire and First Call detailing Aligns fourth-quarter and fiscal 2008 financial results. The press release is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Todays conference call is being audio webcast, and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 pm Eastern time through 5:30 pm Eastern time on February 11, 2009. To access the replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853, with account number 292 followed by pound, and conference number 309050 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same account number and conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements about Aligns future events, product outlook and expected financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2009. These forward-looking statements are only predictions, and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008, and 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today, and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Please also note that on this conference call, we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters.  Most of these items, together with corresponding GAAP numbers and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures where practical, are contained in todays financial results press release, which we have posted on our website at investor.aligntech.com under financial releases, and have furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. We have also posted a GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statement, including a corresponding reconciliation, as well as our fourth-quarter conference call slides on our website at investor.aligntech.com under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information and with that, Id like to turn the call over to Align Technologys President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom? 
Tom Prescott: Good afternoon, everyone. Ive got a little bit of a bug going around. I actually feel better than I sound. On the call today, I would like to cover some highlights from our fourth quarter and fiscal year. Ken will follow-up with more detail on our financial results and our outlook for the first quarter. Q4 net revenue of $74.1 million and case shipments of 52,600 declined slightly from Q3 2008, and both were up year-over-year. International revenue increased to 22% of Q4 revenues compared to 20% in Q3 08 and Q4 07. Q4 gross margin was 72.7 %. Non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes a $4 million restructuring charge was $48.5 million. Non-GAAP net income, which excludes the restructuring and the tax valuation allowance, was 4.9 million or $0.07 per diluted share, in line with our guidance of $0.69. For the year, revenues increased to $304 million on 212,000 cases shipped. This was a real achievement given the economic environment and consumer spending slowdown. International revenues increased to 20% of our fiscal 2008 revenues compared to 16% a year ago, reflecting growth of 33%. Internationally, were beginning to feel the ripple effects from the economy, particularly in Europe, but given lower market penetration in the U.S and new product introductions this year, we still expect to grow international revenues, albeit at a slower rate. Fiscal 2008 gross margin of 74.1% increased from 73.6% in 2007. Non-GAAP net profit margin of 7.1% for 2008 decreased from 11.9% in 2007, primarily reflecting increased investments in the launch of three new products as well as continued research and development. At our Analyst Meeting in November, we provided an in-depth view of our vision and our strategy for driving adoption of Invisalign, both here in North America as well as around the world. Im not going to cover the entire set of presentations today, but if you havent seen them yet, I recommend that you spend time reviewing them on our website.  Instead, I would like to extract a few key elements from our discussion on our strategy and provide an update on our performance this quarter. The four key elements that form our strategy to drive adoption of Invisalign include product innovation, customer experience, consumer demand creation, and international expansion. For the call today, Id like to focus primarily on product innovation, which is focused on removing any technical or clinical barriers for example, why any doctor wouldnt want to use Invisalign versus traditional means of treatment. Our objective is to make Invisalign easier to use, better to have, and ultimately a better treatment approach for the doctor and the patient. To that end, about two weeks ago, we announced that the FDA had cleared expanded labeling for Invisalign and removed the permit dentition requirement. In addition, a series of contraindications that restricted how complex the cases could be have been moved to precautions. This enables us to widen clinical applicability to include more complex cases and expands the age range for treatment. This is an important step for us, and will foster product innovation targeted at additional populations of patients.  Now let me turn to our most recently launched products. Invisalign Teen has been in the market for roughly five months now, and while it is still early in its commercialization, the initial results are good. As of Q4, we had a total of 2,700 North American doctors trained on Invisalign Teen and although Q4 is seasonally a soft quarter for Teen orthodontic case starts, we saw a 20% sequential increase in Invisalign Teen cases, representing approximately 6.7% of case volume, up from 5.6% in Q3. In Q1, we will ramp up Teen consumer marketing, starting with this months launch of InvisalignTeen.com and a new PR campaign that relies heavily on web-based editorial, blogs and social networking sites to educate teens and their parents about Invisalign Teen as well as build grass-roots awareness and excitement among Teen patients.  Invisalign Assist is primarily targeted at newly trained and low-volume GPs. Feedback from those using Assist has been good. Assist was launched in mid-October, so we dont yet have a full quarters worth of data. Also, keep in mind that a large percentage of the GPs were trained in December, and they typically dont submit their first cases immediately. So we wont see the impact from Assist for at least another 60 to 90 days after those GPs were trained. With that in mind, about 1,000 GPs submitted Assist cases in Q4, of which 147 were newly trained GPs. Again, its still too early to know whether Assist is changing the rate of adoption for newly trained and low-volume GPs, but well continue to monitor and update you as the year unfolds. Let me update you on the key adoption metrics in terms of trained new doctors and utilization, or what we call same-practice sales of our product. During Q4, we trained 1940 new doctors, of which 1420 were North American doctors and 520 were new international doctors. For the year overall, we trained 7,370 doctors, of which over 5,500 were new North American doctors and over 1,800 were new international doctors. We now have over 55,000 Invisalign trained doctors worldwide. In Q4, total utilization was down compared to Q3 2008, and Q4 of last year 2007. Utilization for North American orthos and GPs decreased sequentially and year-over-year, while international increased both sequentially and year-over-year. The economic crisis has continued to negatively affect our North American customers. We previously saw this effect only on our low-volume GPs, but in Q4, utilization rates dropped across the board for our high-volume practices as well, both GPs and orthos. We believe this broad drop in utilization may imply that the economy is now also affecting the overall number of orthodontic case starts. Even some of our high-volume doctors with very successful Invisalign practices are struggling to grow their business. The one exception in the rate of utilization for North American doctors was for those prescribing Invisalign Teen. Utilization for North American orthos that submitted Teen cases in Q4 declined slightly from Q3, but significantly less than their counterparts not using Teen. Ill now turn the call over to Ken for more detail on our fourth quarter financials and our outlook for Q1. Then Ill come back for a few closing remarks. 
Ken Arola: Thanks Tom. Now lets review our fourth-quarter financial results in more detail, beginning with the income statement. Q4 revenues of $74.1 million decreased 1.4% sequentially and increased 2.2% on a year-over-year basis. As expected, the sequential decrease reflects slightly lower volumes in North America based business, as well as the impact of a stronger dollar on European revenues. Also, as Tom mentioned, we are pleased to see Teen volumes grow sequentially. Q4 gross margin was 72.7% compared to 75% in quarter 3, and 73.6% in the same quarter last year. The exchange rate impact on international revenues reduced gross margin by 1% sequentially.  Also, we incurred increased freight charges in the quarter and transition costs associated with completing our move of the order acquisition group to Juarez, Mexico. Q4 gross margin included $455,000 in stock-based compensation expense compared to $437,000 in Q3 and $291,000 in the same quarter last year. Q4 GAAP operating expense was $52.6 million compared to $50.7 million in Q3 and $48.4 million in the same quarter last year, and included stock-based compensation expense of $3.4 million, $4 million and $3.1 million respectively. Q4 GAAP operating expense also included a $4 million restructuring charge, primarily related to the cost savings actions we announced in October. In addition, as we begin to implement these measures, we also elected not to move forward with an enterprise-based project to internally develop a software tool for business process management. As a result, we incurred an asset impairment charge of $1.7 million. Q4 non-GAAP operating expense was $48.5 million, excluding the $4 million restructuring charge. Q4 GAAP diluted EPS was $0.98 compared to $0.08 in both last quarter and quarter 4, 2007. This included a one-time benefit from the release of a tax valuation allowance of $64.6 million, or $0.97 per diluted share. Q4 non-GAAP diluted EPS was exclusive to restructuring charge, and the release of the valuation allowance just mentioned was $0.07 compared to $0.11 in Q3 and $0.08 in Q4 2007. Taking a look at the balance sheet, cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities were $110.2 million, compared to $127.9 million at the end of 2007. In Q4, we generated $9.2 million in cash from operations, compared to $17.4 million in Q3 and $17 million in the same quarter last year. For fiscal 2008, we generated approximately $40.2 million in cash from operations compared to $52.8 million in fiscal 2007. During quarter 4, we repurchased $1.5 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $6.92 per share for a total of $10.7 million, which completed our $50 million stock repurchase authorization. Cumulatively, we purchased a total of 4.7 million shares at an average price of $10.73 per share. Q4 DSOs were 64 days compared to 59 days in Q3 and 56 days in the same quarter last year. The increase in DSO was primarily due to the effect the economy is having on both consumer spending and on our customers. Our payment terms for North American customers are net 60 days and until very recently, our DSOs had consistently been below that level. During the last two months of Q4, our North America accounts receivable aged as some customers were slower to pay.  Most of these are very good customers, with solid practices, and we will continue to work with them. It just may take a little longer to collect. Now let me turn our outlook. We all know that as fiscal 2008 came to an end, economic and market conditions continued to worsen. The result of this deteriorating environment and the impact it is having on consumer spending has created greater uncertainties for our business beyond our normal 30 to 45-day window of visibility. As a result, we are only providing guidance for Q1, and we will make a few directional comments on how to think about 2009. With that said, our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2009 is as follows. For Q1, we expect revenues to be in a range of $65 million to $69 million on case volume of 44,500 to 47,000 cases, reflecting sequentially lower volumes in our North America-based business. International volumes are also expected to be slightly down sequentially, as we are beginning to see some ripple effects of the economy in our European business. We expect Q1 gross margin to be in the range of 72% to 72.5%, and is expected to include $400,000 in stock-based compensation expense. In Q1, we expect GAAP operating expense to be in a range of $49.5 million to $50.5 million, which includes approximately $3.8 million in stock-based compensation expense and approximately $1 million in restructuring charges related to the October cost reduction actions. This range reflects the continued investment in our strategic growth initiatives, such as international expansion, Teen commercialization, and product development. Also, over the first half of 2009, we will incur transition costs related to moving our shared service organizations to Costa Rica. Excluding the restructuring charges, we expect Q1 non-GAAP operating expense to be in the range of $48.5 million to $49.5 million. In Q1, we expect GAAP operating margin to be in the range of approximately minus 4% to 0%. We expect non-GAAP operating margin, which excludes restructuring charges, to be in a range of approximately minus 2% to a positive 1%. For Q1, we expect GAAP-EPS to be in a range from a loss of $0.04 to break-even. We expect diluted shares outstanding for Q1 to be approximately 69 million shares and we expect cash on hand at end of Q1 to be approximately $108 million to $113 million.  Were working diligently with our customers to collect on receivables. However, in this environment, it may take some time before we see an improvement. For Q1, we expect DSOs to be 65 days. Now let me turn to the full-year fiscal 2009, there are some elements we will provide directional comments and perspective on, particularly those we can manage, such as operating expense. As we have mentioned, the greatest uncertainties beyond Q1 involve case volume and revenues. It will be very difficult to grow in this environment, and we are expecting 2009 revenues to decline from 2008. We believe we can maintain our gross margin at levels comparable to Q4 2008, although with our relatively fixed manufacturing cost structure, volumes can move gross margin up or down in any particular quarter. Also, movement in exchange rates can impact gross margin, as we saw in this past quarter. Lets move to operating expenses. Weve been clear about our key strategic initiatives, and will continue to invest in these areas to drive long-term growth and profitability, with a focus on managing our overall expenses. For the first half of the year, we expect non-GAAP operating expense to be relatively consistent with the Q1 run rate, and anticipate that spending in the second half of the year will trend lower as we begin to benefit from the transition of our shared service organizations to Costa Rica. Stock-based compensation expense for fiscal 2009 is expected to be approximately $20 million. Shares outstanding for fiscal 2009 is expected to be approximately $70 million.  Finally, I would like to comment on taxes. As a result of releasing our tax valuation reserve in Q4, we now have more variability in our effective tax rate. The most significant impact on this variability will be the amount of profit before taxes and the taxes related to stock-based compensation. As we have mentioned, we expect 2009 revenues to be down year-over-year. Accordingly, we have reduced expectations on profit before taxes. As a result of lower expectations for profit before taxes, we now expect our full-year effective tax rate to be significantly higher than was previously indicated. For Q1 2009, given our outlook, we would expect to have minimal tax expense. From a cash position, we expect to pay minimal cash taxes for some time, as we will utilize the net operating losses on our tax returns. As of Q4 2008, we had approximately $190 million in net operating losses. Now I will turn the call back to Tom. 
Tom Prescott: Thanks Ken. Despite the economic challenges of fiscal 2008, we had many significant accomplishments. We successfully launched three new products, including Invisalign Teen, which as youve heard is off to a good start. We grew annual revenues during the worst business environment in decades and we took actions to reduce the companys cost structure. Were disappointed with our outlook for less profitability in Q1, given lower case volumes, but well continue to drive overall operating profitability for fiscal 2009. As we embark on a new year, the economy remains very difficult, and our outlook is more uncertain. However, the market opportunity and value proposition for Invisalign is strong, and we will continue to execute our strategy to drive adoption worldwide. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds.  Now lets go back to the operator for a few questions, which Im sure youll have. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan. 
Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan: Business conditions for you guys Im sure changed pretty rapidly through the fourth quarter. So I would first of all just love to hear what you saw as you progressed month-to-month including into January? 
Tom Prescott: It is a very dynamic environment. We saw in December specifically maybe Ken, to add to this. We saw in December receipts slow down, which certainly impacts Q1 revenue. To this point, December was very soft and the trends show up in things like utilization. January was better than December, and our outlook for Q1 is consistent with that case receipts. So maybe, Ken, you can build on that? 
Ken Arola: I would just add to that, Taylor, that as Tom said, as we came through the quarter, in particular over the latter part of the quarter in December, we certainly saw a slowdown in the receipts, and in particular, more so in the second half than the first half and that continued through the early part of January with the holiday season, as theyve come back, as were looking at case receipts now through the month of January, coming into todays call, our guidance we got what weve seen so far early in the quarter. 
Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan: And youre guiding, I guess, on the case volume front for Q1 09 to be down sequentially about 10% to 15%, but revenues are not going to be down that much, which means you put in place a price increase. Can you maybe just describe that price increase, and tell us where it applies? 
Ken Arola: The price increase, Taylor, is about a $50 price increase on pretty much most of the products here in North America. That price increase was announced at the beginning of the quarter, so as case receipts come in over the quarter and theyre applying the case receipts going forward after that announcement was made. So, as we go through the quarter, receipts that come in the January-February timeframe, as we turn those around and ship them, there will be some impact in the first quarter, but youll see impact as we lookout into the year with the prices, as doctors start commuting cases, newer cases to us. As far as the overall revenue decline in relation to the unit decline, some of the newer products that were shipping also carry higher prices and at lower volumes, were likely to see less volume discounts. 
Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan :  A couple of expense questions. Did I hear you mention an asset impairment charge that you took in the fourth quarter? I wanted to make sure we understood that. 
Ken Arola: Yes, I did. So as weve gone through our restructuring in the month of October, and we looked at priorities that we need to focus on coming into 2009, and we looked at resources that we could apply to the various projects that we wanted to keep moving forward with, we were in the process of developing a management tool to manage the case management from start of a case through the completion of a case; to track things like case refinements, when they started when they completed; warranty events, those types of things. It was a tool to help management internally from a process efficiency point of view. That was one of the things that we actually took off the table given all the priorities and the spending that we have, so we can keep focused on product initiatives and other things that we will push on for the revenue. We tried to preserve all of our investments we could to drive revenue over the long-term, including [Multiple Speakers] 
Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan : Okay, but was that included in restructuring charge or not? 
Ken Arola: That was not included in the restructuring charge. 
Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan : Okay, so if we strip that out, and operating expenses in the quarter were about $50 million, I guess, and youre guiding to slightly lower than that in the first quarter, $48.5 million to $49.5 million, is that right? 
Ken Arola: My math is a little different, Taylor. What I was looking at was about $48 million after I pull out the restructuring, $48.5 million. So after restructuring, were relatively flat on a quarter-over-quarter basis. 
Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan : Exactly, I think I did the math in reverse. I guess thats my question, as it looks like operating expenses are actually going up in the first quarter, if we sort of compare apples-to-apples? 
Ken Arola:  Yes, so from Q4 to Q1, there is about a few million dollars of an up-tick in spending over the quarters. Most of that is related to the strategic investments we have, in particular our international investment that we started to make, as well as additional commercialization of Teen products and the other new products in the marketplace. With that said, I will say that what were doing with commercialization of Teen is with more digital media and social networking and media costs in general have come down a little bit for us here with the economy, but thats where were putting our money [Inaudible] in Q4. 
Tom Prescott: Bigger steps were investment in Europe, feet on the street, and programs, and starting to step up investment in China to get ready to do business there. 
Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan : You guys talk about in your broad four-year guidance being profitable, having operating profitability in 2009. Lets assume the business doesnt pick up, and that otherwise, you would have potentially negative profitability like youre having the first quarter. Does that mean you have to put further expense reduction plans into place? 
Tom Prescott: What I would say is that to the board and the management team, its important to find balance between investing in the long-term drivers to accelerate shareholder value, but still being good stewards and running the company very responsibly through a difficult time. So we believe we still have flexibility in the business to manage spending over the annual basis to find our way through that balance and we intend to do that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Dolan - Roth Capital. 
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital : A follow-up on the sequential month-to-month topic in terms of what youve seen out there. Maybe considering we dont have official guidance now for 09, can you provide us maybe your thoughts on the dental market itself, what are you hearing in terms of overall volumes, and then maybe anecdotally, how does Invisalign play into that, so we can get a better feel of how things may turn out here? 
Tom Prescott: I guess you may have better data then I do broadly here. What we see anecdotally is overall dental visits are down; I havent seen good data on it yet. The big dental distributors havent all announced. I think the mainstream companies will give us a bit more insight. Danaher recently announced, talked about softness in their specialty areas in dentistry. Were hearing from even our best customers that while theyre getting patient starts, theyre working harder to do them and the way that shows up is taking longer to get that case closed to a sale, and that patients are often shopping two or three or orthodontists or dentists. We do hear that on the high-end restorative side that full month restorations those are really off and so I think, were somewhere between core dentistry and the real high-end restorative work. I believe we have offset some of that softness in orthodontics with new products like Teen, and were probably picking up share, although this will be a trailing measure. It will just take some time before we see how that sorts out. So in general, I think when data comes out, were going to look back and say the second half of 2008 was probably flat to down in orthodontic starts. That would be our guess at this point. Our view is theres not going to be a lot of upward pressure to grow that in 2009 and until the consumers get back in the game, we think its going to be pushing and shoving as were doing now, but we think we do have opportunities to steal some share from the bigger players with products like Teen. 
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital : Okay, and then just a follow-up, so as youve seen the market here, and you obviously have receipts that push you into February in terms of revenue, it looks like the December quarter wrapped up at least in line with what youre expecting, maybe slightly better, so things didnt completely fall off a cliff.  Are you seeing a steady deterioration here, and therefore you have come up with maybe a more conservative scenario in terms of your guidance style than weve seen in the past? Just maybe some final commentary there will be helpful? 
Tom Prescott: Im not going to comment on conservative or not. Were calling it as we see it, but what I tried to say in my comments that may not have come through clearly; was December was softer and we have some ideas, but we really dont know whats driving that completely. The issue is we believe that things at least are stabilizing for us. Ken mentioned that January receipts were stronger than December. We cant obviously control if that will continue forever, but its at least going the right direction. So, it is actually not for the deterioration, December was soft. Q4 didnt end the way we would have liked and therefore, were going into 2009 probably with greater uncertainty, but that said, were calling Q1 as we see it, but again, December receipts are January shipments, and therefore you see that softness in the revenue in Q1, but again, receipts are headed in the right direction. 
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital : And then last kind of touchup question is on pricing, with the increase, what are you hearing initially here on the feedback from that in this environment, is that something that your customers are receptive to at this point? And second question on the spend side of things, I know youre ramping up Teen, but given a weakened consumer, are you thinking of maybe cutting back on your traditional consumer expenditures? 
Tom Prescott: So theres two parts right there. Ill take the second first. The incremental spending on Teen is more redirection of existing spending on consumer and youll start to notice in our regular advertising, were putting a tag at the end that says Invisalign Teen now available. That doesnt take much effort. Media rates have come down some. We typically buy a quarter or a bit more ahead and were going to continue to manage through this as best we can, spending what we think is appropriate for the impact we want to get. The expense is up a little bit in Q1, because of Teen, broadly. That has to do with other efforts, broader commercialization of the sales force, point-of-sale materials, some new programs for doctors, but a lot of the other efforts thats going on for Teen is not so much media; its a broader marketing program with PR, editorial efforts, a lot of digital and online approaches. Weve got a whole bunch of new tools through InvisalignTeen.com that take us through and plug us into social networking sites, make it easy for teens to share stories etc and the second part of that, we decided to make an investment along with additional feet on the street in Europe and a more significant consumer program. Weve tested and found what worked in Europe, and were doing that in a very targeted way and that was another part of the incremental spend for Q1. So, were actually flattening our overall spend in consumer in North America, redirecting it to Teen and to new tools and weve layered on some incremental spend in Europe, which is showing good returns at this point. 
Ken Arola: I would just add one more point to that, which is typically in Q4, we tend to go off the air with our media advertising on television, and back on in Q1. So youll see a little of that as well. 
Tom Prescott : Im sorry, the first part of your question, I dropped again. What was that first part? 
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital : Receptivity to pricing in this environment. 
Tom Prescott: What do you think? Nobody was thrilled. It was a small change and high-volume doctors can largely offset this through the advantage program. The net change to a high-volume doctor is actually pretty small.  So what we have seen is and we have not raised prices in the time Ive been here and so we certainly on a net basis in the last seven years, prices have come down 25% to 30% to the doctor. So thats through absorbing fuel surcharges and freight increases and all of the [product] stuff. So it was a small price increase. We put it through with minimal complaint, we thought about it carefully, and decided it was the right thing to do. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank. 
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank : A quick question on the usage of Teen; have you guys been able to dissect and sort of some of the practices that have adopted the product early on, sort of what percentage of the opportunity is going to Teen? 
Tom Prescott: The answer is yes. We look at it very carefully. Weve got several thousand doctors who are all on the process again two quarters in. I would say it ranges from a very conservative doctor who has started three to six cases, and is tracking them through to make sure the case completes the way they would expect.  At the other end of the extreme is as a doctor who has over 1,000 starts a year that has pretty quickly switched us on as a primary choice for Teens and we have been able to generate with this doctor, I think by the end of 2008 somewhere close to 200 Teen cases starting from May. So tapping into a chunk of those 1,000 starts a year thats at the high-end. 
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank : So at the high-end, 20% is what youre seeing now, Tom? Sorry to cut you off. 
Tom Prescott: I would say on that 1,000 starts a year, if you take away the adult population in that practice and just are left with Teens which are probably 80-plus percent, were actually getting a bit more than 20% of that teen population and this practice expects to continue to grow that. So again, those are the two extremes.  Theres a lot of people in the middle, and I think orthodontists are going to take some time to make sure the product works for them. What were hearing is its easier to sell versus early-stage, first-stage treatments, early to sell, its easy to sell a 13 or 14-year-old Invisalign versus fixed appliances and in this day and age, when its harder to get those case starts, I think that is resonating with the practices. 
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank : Looking at the other opportunity maybe Japan, any updates there or any geographic sort of expansion opportunity you talked about during the Analyst Meeting that could maybe start to drag things sometime later on this year? 
Tom Prescott: We do expect continued growth in Europe. We have a more conservative consumer that wasnt quite as leveraged in the U.S. Every case we get over there virtually speaking is private pay anyways. So, we expect slower growth, but we still expect significant growth out of Europe this year and thats an increasingly important contributor.  To that end, were investing more feet on the street. They put together plans, they executed them well, and were returning on that with increased investment. Part of that is supporting programs for consumer that helps further accelerate doctors growth. So we do expect Europe to continue to be an important contributor. Meanwhile, North America works through a more difficult time. We dont expect Japan to grow significantly in the year, although around the rest of the world and other geographies, volumes are growing much faster.  Again, distribution pricing means we dont get the same impact on revenue and then coming to Japan, we think thats a longer-term growth opportunity, weve done all the right things to give us the runway for growth, but weve got to create some market change there and so were being mindful about our investment given the couple years it will probably take to make some of that happen. Then finally, we havent put a date around commercialization in China yet, but part of this increased spending is towards those commercialization efforts, regulatory, legal, business entity all that developing relationships, so that we are in position as soon as practicable to turn on the spigot in China, but again, thats one of those strategic investments we felt was absolutely important to deliver longer-term shareholder value and why we worked so hard to create some structural cost room that we could fund those things even through difficult times. 
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank : Just two quick financial questions. On the G&A side, how come that increased in the quarter? And also, how should we think about that going forward, because its a fairly big delta between where you are Q4 08 versus where you were Q4 07 and also kind of what can happen next year? 
Ken Arola: The latter part of your question here, as we go forward with G&A, some of the things that were doing with some of our customer-facing activities here at the company moving down to Costa Rica, youll see some of that impact G&A through the credit and AR activities that we do, as well as some of the organization as we move through the first part of the year transitioning to Juarez as well. That will save us additional costs in the G&A line as we transition those people out of the business, positions out of the business as we move forward and as far as a quarter-over-quarter increase in G&A, it just has to do with the timing of compensation expenses and other things as we move from quarter-to-quarter and you see some of that showing up in the G&A line. 
Tom Prescott: We actually, at a cash basis and at a non-GAAP view of G&A, were actually holding flat to down most every G&A department. 
Ken Arola: On a year-over-year basis. 
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank : And then just lastly, the DSOs, do we get to a point where maybe you start to cut off some customers? Have you reached that level yet? Ill stop it there. 
Ken Arola: I guess our standard process here is we try to work with the customers as long as we can through our credit group or through our sales organizations as well and we do put doctors on hold if theyre not paying the bills, or we do also send them off to credit agencies, or if we just cant work with them or theyre not willing to talk to us.  What we have really seen here more recently is doctors in this environment, theyre really running into a situation where theyre trying to get their office staff paid, theyre trying to get their rent paid, keeping their lights on, as well as paying Align Technology and those other things right now are taking a little more priority as theyre looking at their cash and how theyre going to spend it. Were hoping that we can get that back in line. No one is saying theyre not going to pay us, theyre just saying its going to take a little bit longer. 
Tom Prescott:  Mindful here that we have been getting paid before our terms date and as they talked to their accountants, their accountants look at all their bills and go, you dont pay any of your bills exactly on time, why should you pay these guys early We typically have DSOs under our terms date. So this is probably a more normal view of the dental industry, but we would like to get it back to 60 days for sure. 
Ken Arola: Absolutely. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Taylor Harris  J.P. Morgan. 
Taylor Harris  J.P. Morgan : Just a few follow-ups. So like Tao was asking on the G&A, did the asset impairment charge show up in G&A this quarter? 
Ken Arola: The asset impairment does show up in G&A, yes. 
Taylor Harris  J.P. Morgan : So if we strip that out, then G&A was flat sequentially from the third quarter and can we expect G&A to stay at that level or decrease as far as 2009? 
Ken Arola: Yes, as we move through 2009, youll see some decrease. As Tom mentioned, we tapered back in all the G&A areas, trying to run it as tightly as we can, and a lot of the transition activity that we have going down to Costa Rica, some of that is associated with G&A as well. So youll see that trend downwards. 
Tom Prescott : So its probably more useful to think about this year-over-year than quarter-over-quarter, because other things happen to move that around a little bit within our quarter two period. 
Taylor Harris  J.P. Morgan : So really, as we talked about the spending, the operating expense increases in the first quarter sequentially are going to be in sales and marketing, I assume? 
Tom Prescott:  Predominantly.
Taylor Harris  J.P. Morgan : A couple of balance sheet, cash flow questions. You talked about cash on the balance sheet ending first quarter, I think you said somewhere around $110 million. Thats a pretty big increase versus the end of the year. Are you including marketable securities?
Ken Arola: At the end of the year, we ended at $110 million or so, so we think well stay relatively flat and the end of Q1, Taylor.
Tom Prescott: Q1 is a bigger cash use quarter. A lot of annual payments, things like that come in, so its more of a timing issue. Its especially pretty flat Q4 end to Q1 end.
Ken Arola: Historically, yes.
Taylor Harris  J.P. Morgan : But cash flow, operating cash flow; you have historically generated more operating cash flow than net income. I assume that will continue. So is that right or not? And for 2009, are you pretty confident of being able to have positive free cash flow?
Ken Arola: Yes, I dont think any of that changes Taylor. If you think about the non-cash charges that I quoted again the P&L, that doesnt change significantly as we move through 2009. So we should be generating consistently positive cash flow business.
Taylor Harris  J.P. Morgan : And just the last question on the international business. So you actually grew faster this quarter internationally than you did in the third quarter. Was there any particular reason for that, do Japan, China, any of your new initiatives really start to contribute this year or not?
Ken Arola: Ill make a comment on Europe, and then Ill ask Tom to add onto Japan. Typically, in Europe, it goes back to the seasonality issues we see, where during the summer months, doctors are out of the office and for a good part of the summer. So case volume is down during the summer months, and then comes back stronger in December and thats pretty typical on a year-over-year basis, we see that pretty much every year, and we saw it again this year. So thats why you see Europe going sequentially up pretty nicely quarter-over-quarter. Ill let Tom add onto the Japan.
Tom Prescott: Yes, in terms of the rest of revenue picture, very strategically important, not significant to near-term and so the volume is increasingly important coming out of the broad group of individual country markets. In large Asia, we dont get the same revenue impact because these are through distribution partners, but those are building the basis for future streams of business.  China, as I think I said a moment ago, we havent provided dates yet for when we expect to first commercialize, but were well into our activity for setting up business entities and doing the regulatory and legal processes to get all that in place and so thats a stream of revenues in China that will be out in the future. Japan is small but important and before were going to put more significant resources into Japan, there needs to be a clearer path to turn that into revenue increases. And were still working on that and again, part of the issue is the overall penetration of orthodontics in Japan is still small relative to the large size of the population, order of magnitude less than the U.S and so we dont want to how have to carry the full weight of market change on our backs for now.  So I think there are really good opportunities in Japan to accelerate that, but again, especially in the timeframe were in, where resources are scarce and we need to direct those most critical priorities, its a good time to take a more thoughtful approach in Japan. So primary growth is going to be core Europe, and they believe they will continue to grow, albeit not quite the same rate we saw in 7 and 08 and then well scratch and claw here in North America to make the best of a difficult situation that we can.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. This concludes our conference call. If you have any further questions, please contact Align Investor Relations.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude Align Technologys teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you very much for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - Director, IR Tom Prescott - President and CEO Ken Arola - VP, Finance and CFO 
Analysts: Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Spencer Nam - Summer Street Isaac Ro - Leerink Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Align Technology third quarter 2008 financial results. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and Ken Arola, Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me cover some housekeeping items. We issued a press release today via PR Newswire and First Call, detailing Align's third quarter fiscal 2008 financial results. The press release is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. The telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 pm Eastern Time through 5:30 pm Eastern Time on November 11. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with account number 292 followed by pound and conference number 289246 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same account number and conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements about Align's future events, product outlook, and expected financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of fiscal 2008. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risk and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, and 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statement. Please also note that on this conference call, we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures where practical, are contained in today's financial results press release, which we have posted on our website at investor.aligntech.com under Financial Releases and have furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. We have also posted a GAAP and non-GAAP historical financial statement including a corresponding reconciliation, as well as our third quarter conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these results and these filings in more detail. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report another good quarter for Align with Q3 revenues in line and EPS better than our guidance. Particularly given it was our seasonally slower quarter combined with unprecedented economic uncertainty. On the call today, I would like to cover highlights from our third quarter and update you on the progress we have made towards achieving our key strategic initiatives, including a renewed focus on increasing efficiencies across the organization and lowering the Company's overall cost structure. Ken will follow with more detail on our financial results and outlook for the fourth quarter. Now for highlights from the third quarter. Net revenue was $75.2 million and case shipments were $52,800, both within our guidance. Gross margin of 75% was better than our guidance due primarily to favorable operating efficiencies. And while we're discussing production, I will add that we just reached a major milestone shipping our 40 millionth Aligner for a patient in Connecticut. 40 million completely unique Class 2 medical devices. Amazing. Non-GAAP operating expense which excludes a $2.2 million restructuring charge was $48.5 million and substantially lower than our outlook as we continue to focus on expense management. As a result, non-GAAP net income was $7.4 million or 9.9%, and non-GAAP EPS of $0.11 exceeded our guidance of $0.04 to $0.06 per share. Q3 net revenue and case shipments declined sequentially, due primarily to the typical summer seasonality we see in North America and Europe. In addition, we believe that continued economic weakness has been tough on some of our US customers. On a year-over-year basis, international growth remains strong even with most of Europe on holiday, while domestic sales were flat. Let me give you a brief update on the three strategic initiatives that we have been investing in to create long-term value. Product innovation including a recent launch of Invisalign Assist, adoption growth, trends and utilization or same practice sales among our core doctors and creation of consumer demand. Along with these three primary growth drivers, we have renewed our focus on increasing efficiencies and reducing the Company's cost base, so we can maintain profitability while continuing strategic investments, even through a period of slower growth. Let's start with a product update. At the beginning of 2008, we said that this would be the year our product development efforts and investments would become visible and start creating impact. We previewed three new products with you, designed to help increase utilization and overcome barriers to greater adoption. Vivera retainers, Invisalign Teen, and ClinAssist, now officially branded as Invisalign Assist. With the launch of Invisalign Assist earlier this month, all three new products are now generally available to our North American customers. I will update you on each product in the order of launch beginning with Vivera. Vivera retainer sales and repeat order rate continue to grow. Additionally, Vivera has had a halo effect on our original retainer business. In fact, since the launch of Vivera retainers in January, our total retainer business has grown better than expected. We launched Invisalign Teen at the end of July. And so far its off to a good start, with nearly 2,000 orthos trained to use the new teen product. Roughly half of the trained orthos submitted teen cases during the quarter and 70% of them submitted more than one case. The addition of our new Teen product had a particularly positive effect on our higher volume orthos, resulting in sequential revenue growth and an increase in utilization rates for that core group of Invisalign customers. Overall, Q3 Teen shipments were consistent with our expectations to ramp volume gradually. We remain very optimistic about the overall Teen market. The most significant product update to share with you this quarter, is the launch of our first GP specific product Invisalign Assist, which is intended to help newly certified and low-volume Invisalign GP dentists to gain confidence with our product more quickly therefore speeding their adoption of Invisalign. Invisalign Assist, includes new software and clinical protocols to make it easier for doctors to confidently select appropriate cases for their experience level or treatment approach. In addition, doctors can plan and submit cases efficiently, manage appointments with suggested tasks and receive batch shipments of aligners based on treatment progress. Ultimately we believe Invisalign Assist, will help GP dentists move through the adoption cycle faster. The initial pilot for Invisalign Assist began about a year ago and was expanded twice during the pilot period. The pilot began with two groups of GPs. The primary target of newly certified and a secondary group of more experienced Invisalign doctors. As we described previously, insight gained from the pilot indicated that Assist worked very well for its primary target of newly certified GPs and slow adopters. The clinical protocols from the pilot were limited to simple crowding and spacing cases. The key feature set which I described above, was viewed as extremely useful and embraced by the pilot participants. As a result, overall utilization increased among target doctors during the pilot period as compared to a group of similar doctors. In addition, doctors confidence in Invisalign increased twofold after using Assist because of the incremental support during initial usage. While it's still in the launch cycle overall, we are pleased with the initial response to Invisalign Assist. The second Group of experienced Invisalign GPs, told us that they want to be able to apply and assist streamlined approach to more difficult cases to improve efficiencies within their busy practices. However, the clinical protocols and accompanying software and Assist are not yet broad enough for the cases those GPs are currently treating with Invisalign. They are evaluating a wider range of Assist applicability in the content context of other product roadmap priorities, which we will be discussing at our upcoming analyst meeting. On the consumer demand front, we continue to drive awareness of Invisalign, as well as consumer motivation to seek treatment using a mix of media including television, radio, print and Web-based approaches. In Q3, we placed higher emphasis on digital search, online display ads, and social media programs during the Olympics and pre-election activity. Our goal was to effectively reach our consumers, without having to pay the elevated media costs tied to those events. Those modifications to our media mix appear to have been effective as we have had a steady flow of prospects visiting our website and searching for an Invisalign trained doctor throughout the quarter. As expected, the number of qualified responses and leads were down a bit from the prior quarter, consistent with our lower advertising spend. As we look to build high consumer awareness for the new Invisalign Teen product in 2009, we plan to continue to leverage the web and other digital strategies to reach Teens where they spend so much of their time. We continue to focus on adoption of Invisalign through training and certifying new practices, as well as increasing utilization or what we'd call same practice sales of our products. During Q3, we certified 1,450 new doctors of which approximately 1,030 were new GPs, 90 were new Orthos and 330 were new international doctors. This is down from Q2, as we typically hold fewer training courses in Q3 because most practices take vacations during this period. Consistent with Q3 seasonality, utilization rates decreased sequentially for all three key customer groups, U.S. Orthos, U.S. GPs, and International Doctors. On a year-over-year bases, utilization for U.S. Orthos and GPs declined slightly, while International was flat. There is no question that the continued economic slowdown has impacted some of our U.S. customers. We know however, that those customers who have significantly integrated Invisalign into practice are doing pretty well and they consider Invisalign one of the important factors in their success. In addition, as I just mentioned utilization among our core group of high-volume Orthos that submitted Teen cases during the quarter had an increase in utilization both sequentially and year-over-year. Now let me update you on our strategic initiative to increase operating leverage by improving efficiencies and reducing the Company's cost structure. As you all know, 2008 has been a challenging year for Align and the industry, marked by economic uncertainty and distress across global financial markets. Despite these challenges, we've made significant progress towards our strategic initiatives and have focused on what we can control, such as the successful launch of three new products; expense management and cost reduction and improvements in operational efficiencies. Continued economic weakness and its impact on consumer spending has made us increasingly conservative about the quarters ahead. Given our outlook for slower growth, we are taking actions now that will lower our cost structure and increase operating leverage, while continuing important investment in new products and key strategic initiatives. To that end, we announced a major restructuring last week which includes a significant reduction of our full-time employee base in Santa Clara and the creation of a shared services organization in Costa Rica that will provide comprehensive services to our customers and internal constituents. Across the organization, we are consolidating and simplifying operational processes, eliminating inefficiencies and redundancy, and driving customer-valued activities to optimize our business model. With this restructuring, we identified opportunities across the Company and within all functions. Let me just give you a couple of examples. We have continued to identify and eliminate redundant skill sets or positions within the recently consolidated IT and R&D Groups and are moving more of our software development to our team in Moscow. We've also scaled back on some of our non-critical technology infrastructure projects, has improved our release cycle times significantly. In North America, Marketing and Sales, we are integrating professional and general marketing along with sales operations into a single team. We are also scaling back the number and scope of clinical education and corporate events. In addition, we have consolidated human resources under business operations led by Len Hedge. In the six years since we moved our treat operations facility from Pakistan to Costa Rica, we've built a high-performance team of skilled clinical technicians and support personnel in a very scalable environment. This gives us a solid foundation to build a shared services organization in Costa Rica to consolidate business operations and customer-facing support elements, such as customer care, credit and collections, and event registration, enabling us to leverage our existing infrastructure and the talent base in Costa Rica at a lower overall cost. The majority of what we are doing is structural and many valued employees are affected. These actions while difficult are essential to Align becoming a more efficient company and will result in a more robust operating model with flexibility to weather the current challenging environment and room to invest in future growth. I'll now turn the call over to Ken for some more detail on our third quarter financials and then come back for a few closing remarks. Ken?
Ken Arola: Thanks, Tom. And let's review our third quarter financial results in more detail, beginning with the income statement. Q3 revenues of $75.2 million decreased 5.9% sequentially and increased 5.2% on a year-over-year basis. As expected, the sequential decrease reflects lower case volumes, resulting from the typical summer seasonality in both North America and Europe. Q3 gross margin was 75% compared to 74.7%, in quarter 2 and 74.6% in the same quarter of last year. Our gross margin performance for the quarter reflects continued operating efficiencies and reduced spending. Q3 gross margin also included $437,000 of stock-based compensation expense compared to $471,000 in quarter 2 and $259,000 in the same quarter last year. Q3 GAAP operating expense was $50.7 million compared to $55.8 million in quarter 2 and $44.9 million in the same quarter last year and included stock-based compensation expense of $4 million, $4.3 million and $3.1 million respectively. Q3 GAAP operating expense also included a $2.2 million restructuring charge related to the cost savings actions we initiated in July. Sequential decrease in Q3 operating expense reflects a savings realized from these actions, which included a reduction of 36 full-time headcount and discretionary spending cuts. Additionally in Q2, we incurred costs associated with three customer events that did not reoccur in quarter 3. Q3 non-GAAP operating expense was $48.5 million excluding the $2.2 million restructuring charge. Q3 GAAP EPS was $0.08 compared to $0.06 in quarter 2 and $0.13 in quarter 3, 2007. Q3 non-GAAP EPS was $0.11 compared to $0.06 in quarter 2 and $0.13 in quarter 3, 2007. Our GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share were well above our outlook and reflect expense management across the Company. Taking a look at the balance sheet, cash, cash equivalent and short-term marketable securities were $114.3 million compared to $127.9 million at the end of 2007. Cash generated from operations in quarter 3 was approximately $31 million compared to $13.6 million in quarter 2 and $35.8 million in the same quarter of last year. During quarter 3, we used $11.7 million to repurchase 930,000 shares at an average price of $12.62 per share. To date, we have repurchased 3.1 million shares at an average price of $12.64 for a total of $39.3 million. We have $10.7 million remaining under the authorization. Q3 DSOs were 59 days compared to 52 days in quarter 2 and 58 in the same quarter last year. Now let me turn to our outlook for the fourth quarter. Before I do so, I would like to touch on financial aspects of the major restructuring we announced last week. The restructuring plan includes a phase reduction of 48 full-time headcount and substantial cuts in discretionary spending. Additionally, we are creating a new shared services organization in Costa Rica. Upon completion of this transition to Costa Rica over the next few quarters, 62 additional positions in Santa Clara will be eliminated for a total reduction of 110 full-time headcount. As a result of these actions, we will be reporting a restructuring charge of approximately $5 million, of which $3.5 million will be realized in quarter 4 and the remainder over the first half of 2009. With these actions, we will realize cost savings of approximately $12 million to $15 million in 2009. This is in addition to the $10 million to $12 million in annualized savings from the actions announced in July, which consisted primarily of headcount cuts and a substantial reduction in planned headcount hiring. The leverage created by increasing our efficiencies and lowering our costs will enable us to invest effectively in strategic initiatives, including new products and market expansion without increasing our operating expense run rate in 2009. With that said our outlook is as follows. For Q4 we expect revenues to be in a range of $72.5 million to $76.5 million on case volume of 52,500 to 55,000 cases, primarily reflecting slightly lower volumes than expected in our base business as well as the impact of the stronger dollar on European revenues. We expect Q4 gross margin to be in a range of 72.5% to 73% and is expected to include $400,000 in stock-based compensation expense. The exchange rate impact on international revenue is expected to reduce gross margins by approximately 1 percentage point sequentially. We also expect increases in freight and fulfillment costs and we will be incurring transition costs in the quarter associated with completing the move of our order acquisition group to Juarez, Mexico. In Q4, we expect GAAP operating expense to be in a range of $52.1 million to $53.6 million, which includes approximately $3.7 million in stock-based compensation expense. This operating expense reflects the continued cost savings we expect to realize from the actions we took in July plus the initial cost savings we are expecting from the restructuring announced last week. It also includes $3.5 million of the $5 million restructuring charge announced last week, plus the remaining $500,000 from the actions announced in July. Excluding the restructuring charges, we expect non-GAAP operating expense to be in a range of $48.1 million to $49.6 million. For quarter 4, we expect GAAP EPS to be between $0.01 and $0.03. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be between $0.06 and $0.09. We expect diluted shares outstanding for quarter 4 to be approximately 68.1 million shares. The effects of any additional share repurchases are not included in this outlook. I also want to mention that this outlook does not reflect the release of our tax valuation allowance. We will continue to monitor our position and make a determination on the potential release as we exit the quarter. But it's determined to release the valuation reserve that will result in a significant one-time benefit to our P&L in quarter 4 of approximately $60 million to $70 million or $0.88 to $1.03 per share. After the release of the valuation allowance, we expect our effective tax rate to range from approximately 32% to 37%. Lastly, let me update you on a couple of balance sheet items. For fiscal 2008, we expect an increase in deferred revenue remains in the range of $5 million to $8 million, primarily relating to the introduction of new products. As a result, total deferred revenue on the balance sheet is expected to be approximately $17 million to $20 million. We expect to continue being cash flow positive and estimate cash on hand at the end of 2008 to approximately $115 million to $120 million. Again, this does not include any stock repurchases. We expect DSO to remain comparable to Q3 at 59 days. Now I'll turn the call back to Tom. 
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Ken. In summary, I am pleased with our results during these very challenging times. We are committed to continuing investment in new products and in our key strategic initiatives, while lowering our overall cost structure which will position the Company for renewed growth and profitability as the environment improves. Cost-saving actions we announced last week, coupled with the actions we took in July, are significant steps in actively reducing our cost structure and moving towards a healthier financial model. We intend to discuss our strategy and financial model at an upcoming analyst meeting on November 21, where we will provide greater detail and allow for more thorough and interactive discussion. I encourage all of you to attend in person or to dial into the audio webcast. For those of you who can join us in Las Vegas, it will be a great opportunity for you to get to know the management team, learn more about our business and meet a few of our great customers face-to-face. I do look forward to seeing you there. Now, let's go back to the operator for some Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now be conducting the question and answer session. (Operator instructions). Our first question is from Mr. Tao Levy with Deutsche Bank, please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Seth for Tao can you hear me okay? 
Tom Prescott: Yes we can Seth go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah I've got a little echo on my -- sorry. So to first, maybe if we could touch on the restructuring program you talked about and, specifically, the Shared Service organization. Could you talk a little bit about the jobs you are going to move to Costa Rica? And also you said you are going to have about $12 million to $15 million in annual savings, so when can we start to see those in the P&L?
Tom Prescott: I'll start and then ask Ken to provide some commentary on the numbers and how that phases into the P&L. We are moving a large part of our customer facing organization that includes customer care, that includes credit collections, as well some back office finance and a few other roles. In addition to that new Shared Services facility in Costa Rica will be putting in, we are also moving some software development to Moscow which is not part of that but part of our restructuring. I'll ask Ken to speak to the numbers and how the phasing will occur.
Ken Arola: Hey Seth this is Ken, as far as the headcount reductions are concerned out of the 110 people about 52 of those people will be transitioning jobs down to Costa Rica. And that's going to occur between now and the middle of 2009. So the way you need to think about that is the phased approach of that and so we'll get about a half a year of savings out of that transition, after we factor in the fact that we are going to add people in Costa Rica, but at a lower cost base. The other 48 or 50 people that are being released from the Company between now and the end of January will have a full year impact on headcount and salary savings. And that's about half of the overall savings that we described of $12 million to $15 million. The other half of the $12 million to $15 million is coming from discretionary spending [asset] Company.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay that helps. Also the -- you also mentioned 10 to 12 in savings from the other restructuring. Some of that, it sounded like, was due to the reduction of [plant] hires. So are there any sales force in those [plant] hires that are being reduced and again when can we expect that to hit the P&L as well?
Ken Arola: Yes, there was no significant plant hires in the sales area that were taken out as far as that reduction of plant headcount. But let me go back to that $10 million to $12 million savings that we referred to last quarter. About 4 or 5, about 5 million of that on an annualized basis was in our cost base, with full-time headcount as we eliminated about 38 heads and also cut out some discretionary spending at that point in time. A good portion of that cost savings was the cost savings against our outlook in the future. So in other words we had planned headcount forecasted that we either eliminated or deferred out even further. So those costs were not in our cost base. So what that $10 million to $12 million referred to last quarter about $5 million or $6 million of it, it was in the cost base on a go forward basis that will come out. The other remaining half of that $10 million to $12 million was just in essence deferred cost. Because it was planned headcount that we did not hire.
Unidentified Analyst: That's real helpful. And now just one last question and then I'll hop in the queue. You know Tom, in your comments you spoke about the ClinAssist program and Invisalign Teen. It seemed that you put a little more priority on the ClinAssist program. Maybe if you want to talk or if you could just give us a little more color on the two and uptake and specifically you know why would that one be more of a, be a larger opportunity? I thought it actually was the other way around. Thanks.
Tom Prescott: Well I guess so to answer your question simply, I wasn't giving one over the other higher, I was simply getting to them in kind of order of launch, Vivera being first, Teen second and Assist, most recently. We think both, putting this in perspective we think over the long term, Teen is important and will become very significant. And we also think over time in doing a better job of engaging the low-volume GP will become very important. So Assist is a good first step there. But I won't frame this in terms of relative importance. Does that help?
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, that's helpful. Thank you very much.
Tom Prescott: Great thanks.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Seth, next question operator.
Operator: The next question is from Mr. Matt Dolan with Roth Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Hi guys good afternoon.
Tom Prescott: Hey Matt.
Ken Arola: Hey Matt.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: First question, Tom, on the International business can you talk about the growth you are seeing there with the U.S. kind of being flat to down in certain segments? Where are you seeing the growth there? How under-penetrated are you in those markets and really as talk of the slowdown turns global, how should we think about that part of your business in being able to continue to show revenue growth overall?
Tom Prescott: So the first thing is we lowered guidance a little bit because of the Euro/Dollar affects issues, but volume still continues to grow. What we are being it's -- we are very under-penetrated in the U.S. We are even more under-penetrated in the major countries in Europe. So I don't think we are constrained in near-term or mid-term for the lack of patients or potential, but I think it is appropriate to be prudent here about the nearer term outlook. And we believe with the U.S. in recession, Europe will follow and it's only prudent to believe that this could get a little softer. So we are counting on the economy being a more difficult scenario. Still believe there's lots of patients and doctors out there and we are going to do our best to create growth, but we believe it'll be slower growth overall.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Okay so as we look out maybe longer term than the outlook you've provided, its safe to say you are still expecting growth on the revenue side overtime, despite the uncertainty that's out there? And I guess the second follow-on to that is depending on your answer, are you expecting to show improved operating leverage? Growth be damned, essentially, if growth continues either way or becomes flat?
Tom Prescott: So let me go back to what I said or close to what I said in my comments. And that is by making, taking the hard actions we've taken and making sure we can be as efficient as we can be, we are putting ourselves in a position even in a slower growth environment, to maintain profitability even while we are continuing to invest in our important strategic objectives. So let me just answer it that way and we'll tab the opportunity in Las Vegas at our Investor Day as well as in January to talk much more fully about our outlook for 2009.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Okay and last one on Teen, now that you've got in some usage and some anecdotal feedback are you still expecting these initial docs to kind of do a trial period to see their outcomes? Or have you had some more positive feedback or learned anything new, relative to that initiative?
Tom Prescott: The answer is yes. That is just a behavior that Orthos show and we, especially for mainstream part of their business, we expect them to try it on a few patients and experience those great results and get going. What's interesting is the doctors that have gone the farthest were among the early ones to try it in pilot. They went through their learning curve. They've had great results. They've seen terrific patient compliance and they continue to grow and I think and when we look at our data they actually significantly increased utilization, even through quarter that typically is slower for us in Q3. So we did get some of their Teen business in Q3, which was one of our objectives. And they are putting more effort into Invisalign broadly in their practice. So it's actually helped us kind of recharge their practices.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Okay great thanks a lot guys.
Tom Prescott: Thanks.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Matt next question operator.
Operator: The next question is from Mr. Spencer Nam with Summer Street.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street: Thanks for taking my question. I just have a couple of questions here. The first question is on your cost reduction program that you've initiated. You mentioned that so many of the operations would move down to Costa Rica, some of them being customer-facing parts, such as customer care and credit and collection. I'm just kind of curious how you guys and what the strategy and the tactics you have on this? Whether you are going to use some outside vendors for this or are you guys are trying to hire people in Costa Rica to cover this? The reason being my understanding is that Costa Rica is a Spanish-speaking country, and I don't know how that would work with English-speaking customers here. Notwithstanding there, there should be a lot of high-quality employees. I am just curious what kind of, how this all comes together as you transitioned this as part of your business?
Tom Prescott: Sure. Maybe I can take a moment and remind you that when we took a fresh look back in 2001, 2002, if we could set up a major facility anywhere in the world where the skills and competencies we needed which included good English-speaking skills, educated work force, certainly in that environment stable political economy and all that, we zeroed in on Costa Rica. Secondly it's aligned with central time zone of North America, U.S. So, we already have close to 700 employees at our three facility that already interface a lot with our doctors on clinical issues and other matters and our customers, our doctors look at that place as a kind of a strength for us. And it is a core competency for us. So, English as a second language at least is very broadly a reality in Costa Rica and these will be at our employees. It actually allows us to build a deeper work force and offer job growth, management opportunities for a lot of our employees. So we actually, while it is very disruptive for our employee work force here, we've got great people and we are going to say goodbye to them over an extended period of time. We've given them lots of notice. We are going to work to transfer this very, very well. But it does give us the ability to build a larger customer-facing organization in Costa Rica and have that become an even more important part of the Company.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street: I appreciate the detailed answer. Moving on to the overall sort of outlook if you will, I know you guys don't provide guidance going forward. But I mean, when we think about the toughening environment and it seems to me that over the last couple of quarters, projecting the following, the succeeding or projecting the guidance for the rest of the year, if you will, was a little bit of a challenge and then there had to be some adjustments made down the line as things changed so rapidly. How should we think about long-term, as you guys provide guidance going forward? And I don't know whether you will provide some of that during the upcoming, the analyst meeting, but as you provide those numbers, I mean how should we really interpret that? Do we think of that as a ballpark target numbers that we should consider, based on the current environment or you guys have putting a lot of stake on some of these figures. And as you get further out into the future, say, over six months to 12 months, what kind of confidence level can we have on your guidance?
Tom Prescott: There's no question that it's more difficult for visibility looking forward. We continue to do all the normal tracking and serving, everything else. Our near-term visibility remains the same about 30 days based on the difference between case received and case shipment. We know our low-volume docs are more conservative in their approach and less likely to engage in procedures like this. And beyond that, Spencer, we can't project on the current turmoil in the financial markets and the impact on consumers is going to affect our docs, our customers and their patients. What we did say is our view of the quarters ahead is a bit more conservative and I think that's where I ought to leave that.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street: Thanks very much.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Spencer, next question please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question is from Mr. Isaac Ro with Leerink. Please proceed with your question.
Isaac Ro - Leerink: Hey guys, thanks for taking the question. 
Tom Prescott: Hey Issac.
Ken Arola: Hey Issac.
Isaac Ro - Leerink:  Sorry to pick on this item one more time and I understand that it is a difficult marketplace that's moving very quickly, but you guys have lowered guidance a couple times this year and I'm just wondering what steps can you provide us statistically that you are taking to improve your forecasting, particularly as it relates to forward quarter guidance? I think management credibility is nearly as important as the fundamentals in this environment. So, anything here that would be significant, I think, would be welcomed by investors.
Ken Arola: Issac this is Ken. From our internal forecasting point of view, we take a pretty diligent view of looking at the forecast from a bottoms up and tops down basis as we move into any quarter and try to call the quarters as we see them. Now, one of the things that we had a hard time predicting was the exchange rates. If you think about exchange rates in Europe going from 155 in the middle of August down to 125 today in a two month period of time certainly back in the summer timeframe, we were forecasting revenues with a higher exchange rate certainly has an impact. Then also over the last two months or so in the economic environment, certainly, there's been a lot more turmoil. And I'm not sure if anybody is specifically being able to hone that out and understand what the specific forecast ramifications of that are. We are doing the best we can with the information we have and as Tom said, we are certainly being more conservative in our views looking forward with everything going out in the marketplace.
Isaac Ro - Leerink: Okay and then on the Invisalign Teen, it sounds like you guys are getting a good start there and I'm wondering do you guys think you can get some level of reimbursement for the product? And if not, how do you look at your market share for that type of a product versus traditional wires and brackets over time?
Tom Prescott: We have the same reimbursement opportunities through prepaid standard dental insurance that every other orthodontic appliance has, as long as it is full orthodontic treatment, and so that means if you have a $2,000 benefit for covered life, our doctors get to collect that payment and then the patient is out-of-pocket is the rest of the defiance. So, there is no difference in much of dentistry and orthodontics is not an exception. There's very little public forms of reimbursement, Medicare, Medicaid or other kinds of payments. So, we are largely in orthodontics for certain private pay. So, there's really not a reimbursement opportunity. There may be in some other countries around the world over time, but those countries today, the UK, Germany that have specific dental reimbursement or orthodontic reimbursement, some of those reimbursement structures are in the process of undergoing change, and probably will not be a net benefit for the current model. So, we're basically private pay, our opportunities with our doctors is to help motivate patients to seek a better healthier their smile and we are doing reasonably well with that.
Isaac Ro - Leerink: Okay and then just lastly on -- looking back how do you feel about your yield on the ad spending you did in the first half this year and do you see maybe the mix of channels that you employ changing in '09 and maybe more on the online side versus television or print? And then are you saying any change in rate from your various ad vendors? Do you think that that market is becoming more favorable? Or are you still waiting to take a wait-and-see approach on your ad budgets for next year?
Tom Prescott: So, when we take the last part of that first, there is a lot of prepaid ad purchasing that goes up in events. We will have better visibility the next 30 days if, in fact, there is unsold space and ad rates start to come down. But again we are heading right in to the holiday season and a lot of people that aren't using [year-over-year command]. So I guess if you listen to media experts, they are not forecasting dramatic drops in spend because the big household names are out there working as hard as ever. That's the first answer, so we don't have any visibility to ad rates going down in near-term. The second part of that is we are very, very pleased year-to-date we are ahead of our expectations for all the metrics that we track. If there is an area where we question and it is probably has to do with likely some stretching of the time frame for a prospective patient from the moment they get engaged with us, start talking to doctors until they actually decide to start treatment. We think that's probably one specific way and can't really quantify it yet, one specific way that the broader economy may be impacting that cycle. But, again, we've tracked that out to 12 months, so it's a little too early to isolate. But to this point, web traffic qualified responses and ultimately qualified leads are ahead of our plans down slightly from Q2 because our media spend was lower in Q3, but ahead of our expectations year-to-date. So we are again we are satisfied, but we are watching very carefully to see what could be going on here.
Isaac Ro - Leerink: Okay thanks.
Operator: Thank you our final question is from Mr. Taylor Harris with J.P. Morgan.
Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan: Thanks a lot I have a couple of questions here. So first of all, I guess I would make the comment that I'm surprised actually that revenues aren't going to be worse in the fourth quarter than what you guys are forecasting. You are still, despite the weakness you are still looking at year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter. So Tom, a couple of questions on that. First of all, what do you think differentiates your business from some other parts of the dental market, that we are seeing actually go negative? Or other discretionary health care items? And then, as a second part of that maybe talk to us about what are the dynamics of the amount of time, the lag time it takes from somebody thinking about the purchase, talking to his dentist or orthodontist and then actually doing it? And so that the question there really is, we've seen a huge plummeting of consumer confidence. Is the fourth quarter when you would expect that to show up or should it be the first quarter or the second quarter of next year when all of that really starts to flow into the numbers?
Tom Prescott: Let me answer your second question with a very firm I don't know. There are lot of experts that just look at this as a very discontinuous set of events. We just you know the media experts, advertising wizards, people that rely heavily on statistics and trends and inflection points, we don't know enough yet to see what's really going to happen as far as that is the real economy what the implications for ultimate job loss are. But there is actually along with the Conference Boards data today on consumer incentive being the lowest 39 at a rating of 39 and 40 plus years ever. We also have the first turn of leading indicators they track going positive. But that also are long lagging those are long leading events. We simply don't know yet. I'm going to answer ultimately your second part question by saying what's underneath most of this is we are so under-penetrated where we are, that there are many, many consumers and I know many of them that are saying boy now is not the time for me to buy a new car to do anything. I can wait for a better smile. Whatever the choice might be, we still have millions and millions of people that do have the resources, they have their dental insurance but aren't worried about their jobs. The real economy is not completely in a ditch. Its going to go through some pressure for sure. And we make get into that 10% - 12% employment which would be badness. But with that said, we think we are so under-penetrated we have an opportunity to pick that off. And now maybe I'll come back to that comment in just a second here. The first part of your question, I was just down at ADA about, why are we maybe not as bad as you thought or others may have thought. I'm going to knock on wood here. We believe we are doing the right things. We have a very differentiated product, both in for our customers into their practice and our value propositions to consumer's potential patients really resonates with them. And again, in that very under-penetrated space there is still lots of people there. I've talked to maybe 100 different doctors in San Antonio a week or so ago from people who do a lot of veneers to people who do more traditional drill and fill. And there seems to be a pretty big -- the very, very high-value procedure for full mouth veneers though it seems like that business is really down. There are practices that are down 30% to 40%. If that was their mainstay they are working to fill that. But in speaking to a lot of dentist, their schedules are pretty full. Their traffic is still good in-office. I think the bigger factor from our perspectives now and we see this in our low-volume GPs, they have a tendency to become more conservative and not try to offer any kind of higher value procedure to a patient with the thought that the patient might say, 'Are you crazy? Forget it.' So they are kind of pulling their horns and we are doing what we can to help them. Assist is actually going to maybe help us get back in the game with some of those low volume customers. But ultimately if you go back to your first part about the top line, what we've done over the past two quarters now is to put ourselves in a position with our business model that we have more flexibility than we've ever had. And are less dependent on an increasing level of volume to drive operating leverage in our business. So as I said in my comments, we believe even in a slower or slowing growth environment even while we are investing significantly in our key strategic priorities, we can maintain profitability and create a greater level of flexibility in our business model. So again can't no, we don't know about the future. We think its going to be a difficult environment in the next four maybe six quarters. But we believe, we are a far better company and we'll come through this and start growing again well as the economy, broader economy starts to accelerate.
Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks for that answer. When you -- so maybe for those of us who do have to put models out there for 2009, at this point, do you think is base case that we say, here's what they are going to do in the fourth quarter and that's about what things look like for the next several quarters? Or is it really just too early to even tell that?
Ken Arola: Taylor this Ken I think the latter. I think is too early to tell that. I mean as Tom mentioned in his comments, we are certainly more conservative as we are thinking about the quarters ahead. I think one of the things that you can think about and now you actually mentioned that on the call which was the cost-cutting actions that we've taken, certainly have positioned us to continue with strategic investments and products investments with maintaining basically a run rates of expenses. We exit quarter 4 here and keeping that in mind as you go forward, but certainly from a top line perspective we are going to be much more conservative. But we are not going to speak to guidance at this point in time. 
Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan: Okay. On the restructuring program when you talk about maintaining profitability, as you look at '09, are you telling us you think you can maintain an absolute level of profitability above 0? Or are you saying given what we know about the potential top line environment, maybe it's flat, maybe it is even negative, we can keep profits where they are from the 2008 level?
Ken Arola: Yes. I guess I'd hold off Taylor on comments on guidance until we get out to the year-end here. But from our perspective as we look at the economy it certainly is impacting the business especially as Tom said, low-volume doctors. So again I'm just going to go back to the words we have been using which is conservative in our view as the economy going forward. And what we're trying to do is position the Company to maintain profitability on a go forward basis through a tough economic time.
Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan: Last question, on the impact of Visalign Assist in 2009. Just remind us what's the deferral -- this is a -- you are going to have a high revenue deferral component here. So how much of your GP customer base do you think that could affect in 2009?
Ken Arola: We just introduced the product to the marketplace. It's for doctors coming out of certification. And we are expecting it to help those doctors. But they are going to be starting a few cases with this so it is going to be a slower ramp as we go through 2009. The thing to think about is that doctors would get shipped cases in batches. If it's one batch, we will recognize the revenue immediately. If it's more than one batch, we will recognize it when they complete the case. And it will depend on each case submitted by the doctor and the patient that he's trying to treat.
Tom Prescott: And maybe to add to that a little bit is, you think about the scope of our new doctor CERT training. We provide those numbers typically. That's probably the footprint you would imagine going after quickly, on a go-forward basis as well as, so reaching back some. So we are not going out to 20,000, 30,000 GPs quickly with this new product. We are really going to isolate the newly certified docs and overtime circle back to those very low docs, low-volume docs that aren't in the game.
Taylor Harris - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks a lot you guys.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Taylor. Operator, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Tao Levy from Deutsche Bank.
Unidentified Analyst: Oh, I guess I get to sneak in for a follow-up. Thank you. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Right.
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to touch on some metrics if you could. I wanted to see if you could provide us with the percentage of like the 80, 20 percentage? I don't know, if there are utilization trends for your top maybe 10% or 20% docs? I think we all at least have an idea that they make up they do a large volume cases kind of like you've said on the call. Are there any metrics you could provide there? 
Tom Prescott: What I will do is kind of maybe repeat what we've spoken about before in general terms. We again have a large fragmented base of relatively speaking low volume, low volume customers. And it's a little different from Ortho and GP. On the Ortho side, kind of the top in a given quarter, we have 3000 to 3500 orthos in North America submitting cases and probably the 1200 of those orthos make up a little better than two-thirds of the volume. It is a very long tail to where you go down to the lowest volume orthos submitting might only be doing one or two. So I think again, at the ortho level, it's not going to be 20. It's more like one-third, two-thirds. One-third of the docs, two-thirds of the volume. If we extract out of that ortho volume and say, look to the top 10% of doctors, they actually had both sequential and year-over-year increases in utilization. We spoke about that in general. The common theme there was they were working with Teen. Not all of them were doing Teen, but those practices that had Teen in them, they all went up and those higher volume orthos did very well in Q3. Interesting because it's usually one of our softer ortho quarters. So we are not surprised that ortho utilization is down in general in Q3 in North America because that is a very typical seasonal effect. There's other things going on and we think the softness in the economy is part of an effect there.  It is a little hard to see clear patterns on the GP side because it's a very different distribution. There's fairly few really high-volume GPs and then there's this very long tail of 10,000, 15,000 low-volume docs. And I wish it was 80/20, it would be easier for us to cover that 20%. It's not as clear there. But again, the utilization utilization was down broadly in GP. And the high-volume GP is actually up a little bit, but it wouldn't be the top 10%. It would be actually smaller than that. The biggest effect on GP and it pulled the whole thing down is probably half of the GPs are going down. They are lessening their focus on Invisalign and other high value procedures. And as a result, their volumes have gone down. Therefore total average utilization goes down. Thats kind of what's behind the numbers. Does that answer your question? 
Unidentified Analyst: No, that does. That's fair enough. Just real quick if I could just follow on that. Have you seen any I guess have any of your marketing programs, let's say like case rebating, what not, to the orthos and GPs, has that helped reverse the trend of lower utilization? Or is it just that to your point before that the decision making process is a little bit pushed out and it's just not, the business isn't there just yet? 
Tom Prescott: I think it's the latter. The rebates have been a very effective way to share price and value with our biggest customers rather than a broad effect. We look at it as a strategic issue. The bigger issue driving broad utilization numbers is deceleration in low-volume orthos and deceleration in low-volume GPs. And we think that's the economy affecting their willingness to market, differentiate their practice, put effort into high value procedures. And again, we are working on trying to do that but I think Assist is a step one to try and get at that on the GP side. 
Unidentified Analyst: It is helpful. Thank you.
Tom Prescott: Thanks very much.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks. Thanks, Seth. And that concludes our conference call this afternoon. Thank you for joining us. We look forward to seeing you at our Analyst Day in Las Vegas on November 21. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact Investor Relations.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - Senior Director of IR Tom Prescott - President and CEO Ken Arola - VP and CFO Darrell Zoromski - VP of Global Marketing 
Analysts: Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Align Technology second quarter 2008 financial results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I am Shirley Stacy, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; Ken Arola, Vice President and CFO and Darrell Zoromski, Vice President of Global Marketing. Before we begin, let me cover some housekeeping items. We issued two press releases today, PR Newswire and First Call; one detailing Align's second quarter fiscal 2008 financial results and the second release announcing the general availability of the Invisalign Teen. Both Press Releases are available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 PM Eastern Time through 5:30 PM Eastern Time on August 12, 2008. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with account number 292 followed by pound and conference number 289687 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same account number and conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including without limitation statements about Align's future events, product outlook and expected financial results for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2008. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008 and 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Please also note now the conference call we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and a reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures where practical are contained in today's financial results press release, which we have posted on our website at investor.aligntech.com under financial releases, and have furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. We encourage listeners to review these items. We have also posted a ten quarter GAAP revenue model and financial results webcast live on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Tom Prescott: Good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased with our solid performance in the second quarter despite an ever more challenging economic environment for our doctors and their patients. In Q2, we continued to execute on our strategic initiatives including today's launch of Invisalign Teen following the successful pilot of the product. On the call today, I would like to cover the highlights of our Q2 performance and review the three critical levers that are driving our business. Darrell will elaborate on the launch of Invisalign Teen, which we announced in conjunction with today's earnings announcement. Ken will then follow with more detail on our financial results and discuss the cost cutting programs we are implementing to reduce expenses and tighten our belts given the soft economy. Now for the highlights from the second quarter. Net revenue was a record $79.9 million, an increase of 6.9% sequentially and 4.3% year-over-year. Q2 case shipments were 54,900 compared to 51,800 in Q1 2008 and 55,000 in Q2 2007. Recall that in Q2 last year, we shipped an additional 4,000 cases or 5.2 million from the reduction in backlog in cycle times caused by the allocation of capacity to the Patients First Program. When we subtract the approximately 4,000 cases of backlog shipped in Q2 2007, we get a baseline of approximately 51,000 cases that could be used to provide a more apples-to-apples comparison for our growth this quarter over the same period last year. Let me now give you a brief update on the three strategic levers that are driving our business: Product innovation, including the launch of Invisalign Teen, adoption growth in the trends and utilization or same practice sales among our core group of Invisalign doctors and consumer demand. Let's start with product innovation. We continue to make progress in this front, both with recently launched products and with our pilot programs where we test final features and configuration prior to release. We are now through the second quarter of general availability of the Vivera retainers. Our focus is on expanding trial Vivera across our customer base and driving whole practice conversion such that Vivera becomes a meaningful portion of our customer's retainer business overtime. New trials and utilization are up for both GP and Ortho practices, and we continue to see many practices converting their retainer business to Vivera after initial trial. In fact one of our doctors went from three subscriptions in Q1 to 77 in Q2. While not a big revenue contributor at this point, we are pleased with continued growth from Vivera. We also remain pleased with the progress and feedback from the pilot of Invisalign ClinAssist, which is intended to help newly certified and low volume Invisalign GP dentists become confident more quickly and speed the adoption of Invisalign into their practice. We continue to receive positive feedback from the ClinAssist pilot group and are expanding the scope of the pilot to include key opinion leaders and educators in dentistry so we can gain their feedback and early support. ClinAssist is on track and targeted for general availability later this year. The most significant product update we have to share this quarter is the general availability of Invisalign Teen, which was also announced today. I will turn the call over to Darrell Zoromski, our VP of Global Global Marketing so that he can spend a few minutes discussing what we learned from the Teen pilot and provide more details in the launch of Invisalign Teen. Darrell?
Darrell Zoromski: Thanks, Tom. We are excited about the launch of Invisalign Teen and its long-term potential for increasing our share of chair in Orthodontic case starts. Teenagers are a significant part of Orthodontist practices. The American Association of Orthodontists estimates that patients age 12 to 17 represent half of the more than 2 million Ortho case starts in the US each year. Until now, only a small number of doctors have treated their non-adult patients, ages 12 to 17 with Invisalign. The most often cited barriers to treatment have been patient compliance and the need to accommodate permanent teeth that are still erupting or coming in. With Invisalign Teen, we have addressed these potential barriers to treatment so that Orthodontists will have confidence that they can treat their teen patients successfully with Invisalign. Compliance, which we define as teenagers wearing a removable appliances as much as they should is one of the most important issues we have addressed. You have got to wear the aligners as directed, about 22 hours or more per day for optimal results. Teen aligners include compliance indicator to help doctors, parents and patients monitor Aligner wear. When the Aligner is worn as directed, the indicator, which looks like a small blue dot on the Aligner, will fade from dark blue to light blue or clear over the two week wear period. Another way we help ensure continuous Align wear is by providing up to six free single-arch replacement Aligners during active treatment to accommodate any Aligner loss or damage. We have also tackled some of the clinical issues that doctors have previously considered challenges in Teen treatment. Invisalign Teen aligners can accommodate growth of permanent teeth that are still coming in or erupting during treatment, with specially engineered eruption tabs that provide room for second molars to continue growing in. Invisalign Teen aligners also include a new feature called Power Ridges, which are designed to provide additional force in cases where certain types of root movement are prescribed. Power Ridges are engineered into the Aligner shape and in specific types of cases are used instead of the attachments that are traditionally bonded on to the teeth to help achieve difficult tooth movements. It will take some time for Orthodontists to see the results of their initial Teen cases and really start to embrace the product, but we are pleased with the positive feedback we have received to date from our customers who participated in the Teen pilot. In February, we began our initial pilot with about 100 select Orthodontists. In June, we expanded the pilot to include over 300 of our most experienced Orthodontists nationwide. Our goal was to familiarize the participants with Teen's features in advance of the full launch. The total amount of cases we shipped for the pilot in Q2 was not material, but some of our high volume practices started up to 16 teens in treatment during the pilot period. Our goal over the next six months to 18 months is to gain initial trial among our core Orthodontist customers, approximately 3,000 or so doctors. Similar to Vivera, we expect Invisalign Teen to ramp gradually overtime as doctors experience outstanding clinical results with the product that we know it can deliver. Orthodontists are conservative by nature and Teen cases make up the vast majority of their business, so we expect them to adopt new Teen Invisalign slowly after they experience multiple successful treatment outcomes. As a result, our near-term expectations for Teen are very conservative. We recently updated our view of the total available US market for Invisalign based on data from the third national health and nutrition examination survey that was published in an article by Dr. William Proffit. Proffit is a distinguished professor at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill and the author of contemporary Orthodontics. Now the most widely used text in Orthodontics. We use this in the frequency and prevalence of malocclusion in adults and teens to determine the percent of annual US Orthodontist case starts that are applicable to Invisalign treatment. Previously, we only considered Class I, which is primarily simple crowning cases; however, based on our own data which shows we also treat mild Class 2 for moderately difficult cases we are now including both in determining the total available reserved market for Invisalign. You can see in the corresponding conference call slides the total available market for Invisalign has increased from about 900,000 annual case starts to approximately $1.2 million. Roughly 26% of the available market is adults and 74% is teens. The bottom line is that we now believe our served market is even larger, and with Invisalign Teen, we will be better equipped to compete for more case starts. We expect to increase our share of applicable Teen case starts and we are investing the time and effort to do just that. Our other Orthodontic customers are a bit conservative for good reason given how large the mix of teens are in the base business, so we expect our share gains to play out over the number of years. Over the long-term, we believe adoption will accelerate and there is no reason why Invisalign can not become a substantial part of the Teen market. After all, what Teen would not rather have Invisalign instead of traditional treatment? Over two-thirds in fact, according to our recent survey of 800 teens that showed Invisalign was the top choice for the majority of teens considering teeth straightening treatment. Building and capitalizing on that preference is part of our long term plan to be a bigger part of Orthodontic practices. Now back to Tom.
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Darrell. Let's move now to our second strategic lever for growth, utilization and adoption. We continue to focus on adoption of Invisalign through training and certifying new practices as well as increasing utilization or same practice sales of our products. On a sequential basis, we saw a slight increase from Q1 across the board for US Orthos, US GPs and for international. On a year-over-year basis, utilization declined except for international. However as I said earlier, comparisons last year are not apples-to-apples due to backlog. Utilization among our core group of high volume Orthos grew sequentially and year-over-year. Nearly 100 Orthos submitted 25 or more cases during Q2, which is the highest ever and one Ortho submitted 123 cases in Q2 alone, the highest quarterly submission from one doctor ever. It is too early to tell whether the Teen pilot was a catalyst for these top submitters but it clearly added excitement and energy to those practices. For US GPs, we have the largest number of total submitters in our history for the third quarter in a row. The number of new submitting GPs remains consistent but we did see a drop off in the number of cases per newly certified doctor, the lowest in some time. It is hard to know for sure, but we believe this may reflect the impact the economy is having on less experienced GPs. International growth in utilization was strong sequentially and year-over-year even with a significant increase in the number of newly certified doctors. The third strategic lever for growth is consumer demand and on that front, we continue to drive awareness of invisible braces as well as consumer motivation to seek treatment using a mix of media including television, radio, print, and web-based approaches. Our new campaign, which we call "A Smile Changes Everything is doing well by all key measures aided and unaided awareness, reach, frequency as well as total qualified responses. Qualified responses and lead conversion both increase sequentially from Q1; however we may not see those leads turn into actual cases for up to 12 months. All three of these strategic levers, product innovation, adoption, and utilization, as well as consumer demand, are critical to our long-term growth. As we deliver on our product roadmap and create the opportunity to increase our share of our doctor's procedure mix, we expect to see utilization increase as well. Continuing to convert consumers into qualified leads for our doctors by building brand awareness and preference for Invisalign treatment also encourages doctors to make Invisalign an even bigger part of their practice. These strategic levers are complimentary and long-term in nature, so while we report (inaudible) almost each quarter we also assess results against our long-term strategic plan. Given the weak economy we have considered whether we should reduce spending on consumer demand creation. Based on our conversion rates, the net present value for this brand building investment remains positive, despite the current environment, so, we will continue this initiative while we monitor results and evaluate strategic impact on an ongoing basis. Before I turn the call over to Ken for an overview of our financial performance and outlook, I would like to make several general comments about the economy and how our perspective on consumer spending is driving an increasingly conservative view for the quarters ahead. When we set expectations for the year, we were cautious about the broader economic environment and a potential for consumer spending slowdown. Despite positive indicators, in a form of quantitative and qualitative data, from customers and consumers regarding their intentions to increase Invisalign in practice or to seek treatment, we adopted a more conservative outlook. For that conservative outlook in hand, we commend a continued investment in the key strategic initiatives that we have been discussing. As consumer spending has continued to soften, so has our outlook for revenue growth. As a result, we are reducing overall company spending, and slowing headcount growth while preserving the important investments in strategic priorities. Ken will cover the details in just a moment. Finally, we just completed our annual strategic review of the business and are confident we have the right long-term strategy. We intend to provide a more complete view of this strategy and how our business model will evolve during analyst meeting in November that will be held in conjunction with our Invisalign Summit for Orthos. Please look for a "save-to-date" announcement some time next month. I am going to close here and turn the call over to Ken. Ken?
Ken Arola: Thanks, Tom. Now, let's review our second quarter financial results in more detail beginning with the income statement. Q2 revenues of $79.9 million increased 6.9% sequentially and 4.3% year-over-year. The sequential revenue growth reflects a 6% increase in case volumes with worldwide ASPs being comparable to last quarter. Q2 gross margin was 74.7% compared to 73.8% in quarter one and 73.6% in the same quarter last year. Q2 gross margin also included $471,000 in stock-based compensation expense compared to $390,000 in quarter one, and $210,000 in the same quarter of last year. The sequential increase in gross margin reflects higher case volumes and improved operating efficiencies. Q2 operating expense was $55.8 million compared to $50.5 million in quarter one and $42.9 million in the same quarter last year. As a reminder, Q2 2007 operating expense included a one-time, $1.6 million credit for an insurance reimbursement of legal costs associated with OrthoClear. The sequential increase in Q2 operating expense reflects a full quarter of TV media spending related to our new advertising campaign, costs associated with our go to market initiatives and marketing programs, and our continued investment in product development and process improvement. In Q2, two of our three annual Invisalign customer summits occurred as well as our largest Ortho trade show of the year, the AAO. Q2 operating expense included $4.3 million of stock-based compensation compared to $3.6 million in quarter one and $2.7 million in the same quarter last year. Q2 EPS was $0.06 compared to $0.07 in quarter one and $0.19 in quarter two, 2007. Taking a look at the balance sheet, cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities were $110.1 million compared to $127.9 million at the end of 2007. Cash from operations in quarter two was approximately $10 million compared to $3 million in quarter one and $13 million in the same quarter last year. Q2 DSOs were 57 days, unchanged from quarter one and compared to 55 days in the same quarter of last year. As you may recall, last quarter we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program of up to $50 million. As of the end of Q2, we repurchased 2.2 million shares at an average price of $12.65 per share for a total of $27.7 million. We have $22.3 million remaining under the authorization. Now, let me turn to our outlook. Before I do so, I would like to provide a few general comments. As mentioned, we believe that the continuing challenges in the US economy and weak consumer spending will continue. Given this environment, we are more cautious about our ability to accelerate growth in our base business over the back half of the year. The drivers that we described on our Q1 call that would contribute to increased growth, sales force expansion, consumer demand creation, and excitement around new products are in place, but we are not anticipating a lift in the second half as we expected. Additionally, we are now taking a more conservative view of the adoption and initial ramp of new products into doctor's practices. We are expecting gross margins in the second half of 2008 to be impacted approximately 50 basis points from increases in fuel surcharges and aligner raw material costs. Operating expense guidance reflects the cost savings measure s we are implementing across the company, including a reduction of 38 full-time headcount, a significant slowing of headcount growth over the remainder of the year and discretionary spending cuts. These initial actions will have the effect of reducing expenses by $5 million to $6 million over the second half of the year in selected areas while allowing the company to continue critical investments in our new products and strategic initiatives. Additionally, we are implementing a phased consolidation of our order acquisition operations from Santa Clara to Juarez, Mexico. We anticipate completing this consolidation by the end of 2008 at which time an additional 29 physicians in Santa Clara will be eliminated. Annualized cost savings of approximately $1 million to $1.5 million from this action will be realized in 2009. These combined actions will result in a restructuring charge estimated to be approximately $2.6 million in the second half of fiscal 2008 of which roughly $2.2 million will be recognized in quarter three. Last, the effects of any additional stock repurchases are not reflected in this outlook. With that said, our outlook is as follows. For Q3, we expect revenues to be in a range of $74 million $76 million on case volume of 51,000 to 53,000 thousand cases. We expect Q3 worldwide ASPs to remain consistent with the first half of 2008. We expect Q3 gross margin to be in a range of 73.6% to 74.4% and is expected to include $400,000 in stock based compensation expense. In Q3, we expect GAAP operating expense to be in a range of $53.7 million-$55.2 million. This reflects the cost savings I just described as well as approximately $2.2 million of the estimated $2.6 million restructuring charge. Excluding the restructuring charge, we expect non-GAAP operating expense to be in a range of $51.5 to $53 million. Q3 operating expense is also expected to include $4.3 million in stock based compensation expense. For Q3, we expect GAAP EPS to be between $.01 and $.03. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be between $.04 and $.06. We expect diluted shares outstanding in quarter three to be approximately 70 million shares. For fiscal year 2008, we expect revenue to be in the range of approximately $309 to $314 million on case volumes of 213,000 to 216,500 cases. We expect deferred revenue to increase in a range of $5 million to $8 million, primarily relating to the introduction of new products. As a result, total deferred revenue on the balance sheet is expected to be in a range of approximately $17 million to $20 million by the end of 2008. We expect GAAP gross margin for fiscal 2008 to be in a range of 73.7% to 74.2% and is expected to include $1.7 million in stock based compensation expense. We expect fiscal 2008 GAAP operating expense to be in a range of approximately $210.8 million to $213.8 million. This reflects cost savings of $5 million to $6 million over the second half of the year and an estimated $2.6 million restructuring charge. Excluding the restructuring charge, we expect non-GAAP operating expense to be in a range of $208.2 million to $211.2 million. Fiscal 2008 operating expense is also expected to include $17.9 million in stock-based compensation expense. We expect fiscal 2008 GAAP EPS to be between $0.26 and $0.30. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be between $0.29 and $0.33. We expect diluted shares outstanding for the full year 2008 to be approximately 70 million shares. From a balance sheet standpoint, we expect to continue to generate positive cash flows and expect to end 2008 with $130 million to $135 million in the bank. In summary, we had a good quarter and I am pleased with our results. Our outlook for growth is not as robust as we had planned, but in this economic environment we believe it is reasonable. We are committed to delivering shareholder value and are positioning the company for increased growth and profitability as the market improves. The cost saving actions we announced today are only the first steps inactively reducing our cost structure and moving towards a financial model with greater operating leverage. Beyond this year, as we deliver on product innovation and gain efficiencies from productivity and process improvements, we have a great opportunity to flatten our expense growth and take structural costs out of the business. Now, let's go back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question is coming from Taylor Harris with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan: Thank you. Tom, why don't you just walk us through what you saw as the quarter progressed that specifically has given you a reduced outlook for the back half of the year. I think as we add up what you did in the first half of the year, it's probably a little above your plan from when you started the year, so did things just slow down as you moved through the quarter? Can you help us out with that?
Tom Prescott: Sure, Taylor. Well I guess the last time we were really out speaking was in May where we had a lot of interaction with our owners, and at the time in May we were just coming off a series of large tradeshows and several summits both in Europe and in the US. And our doctors were still very, very bullish about the economy, even as we were doing some survey work and with all of the underlying economic data that seemed to point to that direction. What we find still is our doctors remain optimistic on Invisalign. We don't think they're always the keenest observers of the broader economic environment and they tend to be more reactive when patients come in the door. What I'd say is in general, the biggest quantitative impact has been on the lower volume doctors and a less experienced G Ps that are, as we dig into it, are less likely to want to lead with an expensive procedure hike Invisalign or any other major restorative procedure and there are likely less fewer consumers in the normal flow through of the offices that are initiating those discussions for those more expensive procedures like Invisalign, and there for we really see that more passive GP, low volume Invisalign GP, really not leading with Invisalign. The higher volume orthos, higher volume GPs seem to in general have schedules that are fuller, but almost across the board, we hear reports of procedure volumes down and patients deferring more expensive procedure, so we think it's despite the steps we took to build volume in the second half, to build out the sales force and our planning and expectations initially expected to get a lift from productivity in the second half, the consumer demand and the other elements along with some excitement from new products, we think we're being appropriately cautious to pullback a bit on those expectations and reflect the less growth in the second half.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan: Okay. I guess is it possible to know for sure that it is the economy that's creating a headwind. This is sort of where the business has reached a steady state and it's hard for the investments that you're making to change that. As I think about longer term, that the question is, is this a business that once you get through a tough economic spell, can grow, and I'm just wondering have you been able to assess that? How thoroughly have you been able to assess that? Where do you think you are in that process?
Tom Prescott: Sure. Well I guess the first thing, there's a great book out called the Black Swan and what it really goes through is you can't know what you don't know, and where events occur that any forecasting models don't provide for. This economy evolution is clearly discontinuous. We thought we were being conservative and cautious as we put our annual guidance together and we didn't get it right and our views unfolded through the year. If I step back from that reality, and how we're going to manage the business, given a more constrained economic environment, if we do better than that, wonderful. But we're expecting a little more headwind. All of the underlying factors that point to this huge market , enormous demand for Invisalign, we quarterly do a tracking survey against a very detailed baseline we created to look at doctors interest and expectation to expand Invisalign, orthos and GPs, high, medium and low volume, as well as consumers, and as well as patients that are in treatment. Nothing has changed, no inflection points have occurred, and in fact they rate that even more highly than many of their expensive procedures, whether it be plastic surgery, or whether it's other aesthetic opportunities for patients; so none of the underlying factors that point to very small penetration into a very big space have changed. We believe this is just a very significant challenging economic time. We're having consumers take a pause here. That said, we're still continuing to deliver significant volume to the business and patients love their treatment as well as doctors actually using this. The higher volume practices tend to push through tougher times. Anecdotally, we do hear that there are some procedures across the board in dentistry that are down. It's hard to quantify that. It will be better to see that with some more rear view mirror data here in the next couple quarters.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan: Okay, last question if I can. How many cases are you expecting from Teen in the second half of the year and then Ken, maybe explain why deferred revenue is increasing despite the fact that you're expecting less from new products.
Tom Prescott: I'll maybe start, and I'll ask Darrell to add-on to what I'm suggesting about Teen. As these elements of these new products become more material, we will expect to start reporting on them in total. Maybe I'll ask Darrell to build on that a little bit and project how we think this plays out over the next three to six quarters and why we think it's a gradual ramp.
Darrell Zoromski: Yeah. Teen, we are very excited about and where it can take the business over the next six months to 18 months based on the pilot results we've seen over the past three or four. One key insight that we have gotten is there is a fairly slow adoption of new product, new technology in the orthodontic industry in general, and as we sort of dug into it to understand specifically why would that be, in the case of Teen, it was largely because this is where the majority of the business is done and for the orthodontist to really trust the product, they need to see the successful outcomes we know they will see with our Teen product, but it will take six months to 18 months for them to actually see that occur, and then we believe we'll see increased repeat rates based on its success. So we're being conservative in our forecast and believe in the product, we believe the orthodontists will believe in it as well, but they're going to have to see the actual treatment completed to be able to have confidence in repeating.
Tom Prescott: And then Taylor I think you directed a question to Ken at the end.
Ken Arola: Yeah, Taylor the other question on why is deferred revenue increasing over the year. We pointed out earlier in the year in various conference calls that we will have deferred revenue components related to the Teen product as well as ClinAssist and Vivera, so as Vivera has started to ramp a little bit during the year, although slower than we thought, we had some build up of deferred revenue there with Teen being launched here, a portion of that revenue will be deferred as we go forward, as well as ClinAssist like I mentioned in previous calls, going into the year, our annual guidance was $9 million to $18 million, I believe, in revenue before associated with new products plus just standard case refinement. Last quarter, we brought it down to $6 million to $9 million and this quarter we just moderated it a little bit and brought it down to $5 million to $8 million.
Tom Prescott: So it's reflecting a new product, that volume is in products but not yet recognized, Taylor.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan: Right. Okay. I thought you had lifted your deferred revenue, okay, so it's a lower contribution, it's a lower
Ken Arola: Lower contribution than our original guidance was at the beginning of the year and a little bit lower than we actually guided to last quarter.
Tom Prescott: And consistent with lowering the second half in general.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan: Okay, that makes sense and so Teen, it sounds like a few thousand cases, is that fair?
Tom Prescott: We aren't going to put a framework around that Taylor. When it becomes meaningful enough and we're going to have multiple new products rolling out at different stages of adoption, we will start laying out an appropriate level of detail, both so you can understand what that adoption cycle looks like and then secondarily as they start to become material as individual products.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Taylor, next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from Tao Levy with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good afternoon.
Tom Prescott: Hi, Tao.
Ken Arola: Hi, Tao
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Have you guys disclosed what the ASP is of Teen?
Ken Arola: Yes, we have.
Tom Prescott: Yeah.
Ken Arola: So, Teen is roughly $100 premium to our current full product at $1,599, excluding any discounts or special programs.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and as the year goes on, and obviously you've brought your numbers down a little bit, how does it affect sales force compensation? Are they still going to be held to their prior targets, and if so, how do you get them motivated to go out and sell?
Tom Prescott: Well, Tao, we adjust targets quarterly as we unfold, and if we aren't making our numbers consistent with our expectations, they probably aren't making there's. Let me tell you. What gets them excited is new products and the opportunity to change an industry and they're out there working their tails off doing a really, really good job. Pioneering new products in this space, so, I think they're very jazzed about what's going on. They love Teen. They like Vivera as a nice compliment to the existing practices. They have their eye on ClinAssist coming out later this year for the GP practices, especially low volume or newly certified practices. So, I think we're just getting to the point where it's going to be fun for them, but let's face it, in a difficult time, they just got to scratch and claw for that share, but they're incentivized to beat their numbers, not just make them.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And obviously we're about six months out since the first Teen patient. What are you seeing specifically that's giving you sort of the confidence that six months is enough, and that some of the doctors that already have these patients are using Teen more or less. Any thoughts around that would be helpful.
Tom Prescott: Yeah. We've been in pretty consistent contact with the pilot, doctors asking them about how the feature set, the new feature set is delivering on their expectations, if there's any feedback from their patients and all of the feedback we've gotten both from the doctor and patients who are in this pilot has been positive. So all our expectations of the Teen product, we're delivering to the plan that we had for it across the board, so we haven't seen anything that would lead us to believe it's not going to be able to deliver what we're estimating.
Darrell Zoromski: And specifically, the features that we design based on explicit feedback from these ortho groups that dealt with those issues versus our existing core product are working as advertised and they're seeing good results in terms of managing through these cases.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Great, And just lastly, you did mention in Japan on this call, what's the latest thoughts on launching fully in Japan?
Tom Prescott: Sure. The team on a very small base there continues to make some progress on a very small volume, we continue to work, while the changes that have gone on in the regulatory environment, we continue to work in point towards clearance. We hope the remainder of this year, and what I would say is, well, in conjunction with our Analyst Day, which we're going to hold in November, we're going to take a deeper dive into a long-term view about how we believe growth outside the US will unfold. Japan will be part of that, we think that will be a longer-term journey for Japan, but Europe continues to outpace the US by some significant margin. On a small base, some of these other countries are outgrowing the US on their volume, and so we're looking forward to laying out more information about this when we get all of you in room November for that Analyst day.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Thanks a lot.
Shirley Stacy: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Dolan with Roth Capital. Please State your question.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Hi, guys, good afternoon.
Tom Prescott: Hi, Matt.
Darrell Zoromski: Following up on what's going on here in terms of your reduced outlook. It seems that relative to the metrics when we look at that everything, utilization, training, those types of indicators were all at the highest level they've been sequentially here in a while Tom, so from your comments were you indicating that new users or low volume docs are taking longer to start up and that's kind of the tail we've talked about in the past that's really not moving up, the utilization curve, so is that the case? And secondly, how did that track throughout the year? It seems that the performance itself in the quarter was fairly strong, so did we see a slowdown here as we got into the early stages of the summer and is that really the reason for the lowered outlook?
Tom Prescott: The answer is yes to both of those assertions. To be a little more precise, we track a whole range of segments of these doctors for same practice growth and track how long it takes them after they went to the certification to start their first cases and then what the ramp looks like from there. Over the first half of the year, we've had a lot of variability. It's been a pretty linear process for us and we've seen with improving clinical education programs, steady solid progress meaning reducing the cycle time from certification to first case is started, and increasing the ramp. We guided in the first part of this year and it's been very choppy through the year. On total, the numbers were still showing progress, when I say choppy meaning week-to-week, different certifications going on. The second thing is, as we got into the second quarter, while overall utilization numbers are solid, we saw compression at the lower end, the newer certified doctors taking longer to get cases started and being slow to ramp and in general on lower volume GP specifically as we dug into that with follow-up and some specific survey and gathering anecdotal and qualitative data around it. It's very clear that those doctors regarding their Invisalign practice and other higher value restorative procedures, A, they are not initiating as many of those discussions in their existing kind of what we call in practice marketing, and B, they aren't as aggressively seeking patients recruiting to practice. So they're more passive in general, and we believe that's what's at the core of this little bit of compression at the low end, so a significant number of doctors, we're working on longer-term plans to move the needle there, but that's part of what drives our taking a more thoughtful approach in the second half.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital : Okay. And then specifically to Q4, looking at your guidance implies about a 10% year-over-year volume increase to about a high single-digit sequential increase. So when we look at last year, you were slightly up sequentially Q4 over Q3. What gives you the confidence here that we've got everything kind of taken into account from the economy and the uncertainty around that relative to the Q4 implication?
Tom Prescott: It's a great question. This is the best product, if you will, a critical thinking of data, of a lot of survey work we do, the best thinking we've got around the table, talking to lots of doctors and then looking at the broader factors. And we believe when we started the year we had a pretty conservative outlook and we've got the year off of to a pretty solid start. We don't believe, we're not assuming we're going to get the uplift in sales force productivity from that coverage, and we're not assuming we're going to get as much impact in this year from a consumer demand programs, and we're taking a slightly more conservative posture on the initial adoption cycle of new products, collectively those things go together , we believe we can go do what we've said we're going to do, but at the same time, it has taken us to a slightly more conservative posture.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital : Okay and of the 38 person reduction in headcount, can you help us break down what areas those are from, sales versus R&D, etcetera?
Ken Arola: And Matt, this is Ken. So the 38 people, they're predominantly all in Santa Clara through the headquarters here, so it's roughly about 10% or so of the headcount here locally. As far as breaking them out across the organization, we had, we were very focused in looking at where we make choices to be able to basically preserve our strategic investments going forward on product development and some of our go to market initiatives as well as advertising promotion activities. So we took a more focused effort on the G&A areas. I would say probably a good portion of the reduction came out of the G&A areas of the company and a little bit scattered throughout the other areas.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital : Thanks very much.
Shirley Stacy: Next question, please?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question is coming from Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Tom Prescott: Hi, Isaac.
Darrell Zoromski: Hi, Isaac.
Ken Arola: Hi, Isaac.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Just looking at the slide 16, where you talked about that revised opportunity for the overall market, I'm wondering, is that from the US Market only first of all, because and just coming on for a second, if we take a look at the 900,000 Class I cases, and I think you said 26% of those would be adults. That's about 234,000 cases annually, and you guys are doing about 180 in the US, call it, so, I'm just wondering, where you think you are on the adoption curve for Class I?
Tom Prescott: Sure. Well there's a couple new sizes we're looking at this, Isaac. The first piece is A, this is just US to your original question and B, this is strictly ortho. So, if you look at our penetration, I think the number was around 74,000 case shipments to orthos in 2007 which is where we're anchoring this data. What we're really saying is our penetration was 6% and change, in total, not all of that was adults, some of those were what we call mature teens, but in general, we've been going after the older teen and the adult. This expansion and we've done this on our own data and looking at our own results, our orthodontists especially are comfortably using in Invisalign on moderate Class II cases. And so, as we reapply kind of a clinical or reality check on clinical applicability in North America and then we look at the served market opportunity, that's what's driven the size of the served market to up to about $1.2 million from 900. These are ortho starts not including GPs, so if you take the 74,000 ortho starts that we shipped cases too in 2007, applied to the 1.2 we're about 6% penetration into that existing market. The GP isn't really fishing out of the same pool. A lot of patients they start, aren't even getting referred to orthodontists in the first place. And so, those two opportunities and therefore those two penetration dynamics have to be looked at separately.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay, thanks. And then just secondly, could you maybe break down how your cost of goods components, work on a percentage basis between raw materials, freight, labor?
Ken Arola: Yes, Isaac. The biggest component of our product cost is labor and overhead related to our factories in Costa Rica and Juarez. Our material cost is overall a small percentage of the cost and as far as freight charges are concerned, are generally maybe a few percentage points overall. We've had a little bit of uptick in relation to surcharges which I refer to, roughly about 50 basis points but of that 50 basis points, the majority of that was really around the freight surcharges and a little bit in relation to aligner material cost.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay. And then just lastly on sales and marketing, I think it's a little bit over 35% of revenue. Can you break down much of that is, in your advertising campaign?
Ken Arola: We haven't broken out the great detail there. What we do provide is a general outline on total consumer [spend]. In our total consumer spend, the significant bulk of that is on media in total, but we haven't really laid out in detail what that is, Isaac.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay. Thanks much.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks. Okay, Operator, we'll take one last question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is coming from Ben Forest with Summer Street Research. Please State your question.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research: Good afternoon, this is Spencer Nam here. I just have a quick question on the guidance. The new guidance, is that, how in terms of thinking about the third quarter and fourth quarter, how much of your visibility into third quarter affected the final guidance, the one that we have now versus the previous one? Are you seeing that the Q3 momentum will actually carry into Q4 or is that just sort of separate analysis based on the macro-economic situation?
Ken Arola: This is Ken. I would say more of the latter. We have a comparable visibility to what we historically had into the business going into any particular quarter, it was just typically about 30 days. We have efforts inside the company trying to get after that and trying to get more visibility as we go into the quarters. But we don't have any significant anecdotal information to point to, at this point in time. So from a historical point of view, like I said, nothing has really changed. As far as going into the transitioning from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, we'll point to things Tom mentioned a moment ago on the call. And then in addition to that, we will see some incremental revenues coming out of the European region, we typically do in the fourth quarter, we see an uptick and we're anticipating this year to see the same thing.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research: Appreciate that. I guess just as a follow-up to that, to that question and that answer, as late as last quarter, the management felt that the outlook was fairly stable at the previous guidance of 3.20 to 3.30, and so I guess when you look into Q4 and the rest of the year, in my assessment, is there somewhat of a step down, if you will, or fairly distinct revaluation of the outlook. And I'm just trying to get a handle of based on the answer that you just provided, how confident are you of this sort of new outlook in terms of that is going to be the possibility, the most life outcome or there could be a surprise around this. If somehow things turnaround or as the comments in the earlier, and you have indicated that physicians, the orthodontists and general dentists seem to be very positive about the outlook. Is there a possibility that they could actually kick things into another gear and in late Q3, Q4 to have a very successful Q4 and how does that all play into this?
Tom Prescott: Well, I guess the simple answer I'd give you is that these are the best numbers we can come up with. We didn't bring this guidance down lightly. It's informed by the same building blocks and understanding of the business that we built our original guidance on, and at the core of it, given the headwind in the economy, kind of the unprecedented impact on consumers, we don't believe we're going to get the up-lift. The biggest factors as we provided our original guidance, the biggest single factor we said was going to be sales force productivity in North America. We don't expect to get the same level of productivity that we originally planned for and expected, and we believe the biggest factor there is probably the economy. The team is out there doing a good job, having an impact, and all that, [but] we don't see that uplift coming on the same track. The second thing is consumer demand. Our conversion rates continue to grow, but again those conversion rates, those qualified leads flow into case starts over a period of time, so we aren't expecting to get as much impact as we may have originally planned in Q3, Q4. And then the third was more excitement rather than pure volume with some of these new products, and we think we're taking a slightly more conservative posture there, so we believe, we've reflected appropriately the view of the business going forward, and we're just calling it as we see it.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research: Great, appreciate it very much. Thanks.
Tom Prescott: Take care.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Spencer, and thank you, everyone. That concludes our conference call this afternoon. If you have further questions, please contact Align investor relations. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, this does conclude Align Technology's teleconference. You may disconnect at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - Senior Director of IR Tom Prescott - President and CEO Ken Arola - VP and CFO
Analysts: Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase Mark Mullikin - Piper Jaffray Derek Leckow - Barrington Investment Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Partners Seth Waugh - Deutsche Bank Anthony Ostrea - GMP Securities Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann & Company
Operator: Welcome to the Align Technology first quarter 2008 financial results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Ms. Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you and good afternoon everyone. I am Shirley Stacy, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO and Ken Arola, Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me cover some housekeeping items. We issued two press releases today via PR newswire and First Call; one detailing Align's first quarter fiscal 2008 financial results and the second release announcing that the Board of Directors has authorized up to a $50 million stock repurchase program. Both press releases are available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 P.M. Eastern Time through 5:30 P.M. Eastern Time on May 14, 2008. To access telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with account number 292 followed by #, and conference number 280015 followed by #. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same account number and conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including without limitation statements about Align's future events, product outlook and expected financial results for the second quarter and full-year fiscal 2008 including future years' effective tax rate. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. We have also posted a 9-quarter GAAP revenue model and financial results webcast slides on our website at investor.aligntech.com under quarterly results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott. Tom?
Tom Prescott: Thanks Shirley. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to discuss our Q1 result. I am pleased to report another good quarter for Align and a solid start to fiscal 2008. Let's begin with a few financial highlights. For the quarter, results were better than our outlook across all our key metrics. Net revenue was $74.8 million. Case shipments were 51,800. ASPs were $1,380. Gross margin was 73.8%. Operating margin was 6.2%. And EPS was $0.07. These better than expected results were driven primarily by higher ASPs and expense management. From a customer perspective, case volume mix was roughly the same as Q4, with a very slight shift from international to U.S. Ortho. Q1 revenue for U.S. Orthos and GPs increased in the mid-single digits sequentially and International was relatively unchanged from Q4. On a year-over-year basis, International led our overall growth with an increase of 54.7%, reflecting the continued accelerated base of growth outside the U.S. and the positive effects from foreign exchange rates. All in all, it was a good quarter. As we move forward, we remain focused on the three critical levers that are driving our business; product innovation, adoption growth and consumer demand. Let me talk about each of those levers for a moment starting with product innovation. Product innovation is the most critical of our three levers for achieving growth. On the product development front, we are now through our quarter of general availability of Vivera Retainers. We believe we have made good progress to-date and have seen greater whole-practice conversion than anticipated. In fact, the adoption rate is very encouraging, with more than 50% of our orders in Q1 being reorders rather than new trails. We will continue to focus on expanding trial of Vivera across our customer base and driving whole-practice conversion, such that Vivera becomes a meaningful portion of our customers' Retainer business over time. Another new product that we are excited about that we are excited about and believe will increase our share in orthodontic practice is Invisalign Teen, which is currently in pilot. We launched the pilot to several hundred orthodontists in February and are gaining tremendous insights from their use of the Teen product. Based on initial feedback, we are planning to add new clinical protocols and software to the pilot version to broaden the clinical applicability, including new software and set-up tools for our Treat operations in Costa Rica. In Q2, we expect to expand the pilot to include a larger group of our most experienced Invisalign orthodontists in anticipation of a staged release later this year. We are also pilot testing Invisalign ClinAssist, which is designed primarily to help newly certified in low volume Invisalign GP dentists to increase utilization and become frequent users more quickly. The pilot consists of two groups of GPs, newly certified along with more experienced Invisalign doctors. Insight gains from the pilot indicates that ClinAssist is working well for its primary target of newly certified GPs. Doctors in the second group experienced Invisalign GPs have told us that given their greater experience and confidence with Invisalign, they're less likely to use ClinAssist for simple cases. In fact, they want to be able to apply ClinAssist's streamlined approach to more difficult cases to improve efficiencies within their busy practices. The clinical protocols in the pilot were limited to simple crowding and spacing cases, and its focus is resonating very well with newly certified GPs. However, these protocols in the company and software are not yet broad enough for the range of cases that more experienced GPs currently treat with Invisalign. Our original concept testing confirms that both target groups are appropriate for ClinAssist and we will evaluate moving ahead with a wider range of ClinAssist applicability in the context of other product roadmap priorities. Bottom line, we are pleased with the initial feedback on ClinAssist, which is on track for late 2008, early 2009 launch and we are excited about the potential for ClinAssist to help newly certified GPs to the adoption cycle more quickly. The second lever, this is key to our growth, has increased adoption to training and certifying new practices as well as increasing utilization of our products within these same practices. In Q1, the year-over-year utilization rate was unchanged for U.S. Orthos, increased 14% for International and decreased 8% for U.S. GPs. The decrease for U.S. GPs reflects the large increase in the number of newly certified, low volume doctors over the past 12 months. We believe this also reflects some softness in the economy. To better support doctors through their initial and extended learning curve, we have implemented number of go-to market initiatives, including expansion of our sales force and significant investments in clinical education. In Q1, we successfully launched AligntechInstitute.com, an interactive website rich in content and tools to improve treatment success for our doctors and enhance our bottom line. Today, this website has had over 43,000 visitors, of which half are first-time visitors, who had never been on our educational website before or registered for an on-line educational event with us. We also introduced a new certification course called Clear Essentials I. Preliminary data for recent certification shows that doctors who complete this new course are coming up to speed and submitting cases faster than doctors who completed earlier versions of our certification training. This suggests that we are improving the efficiency of our processes and accelerating the additional adoption cycle in this line into practice which should help increase utilization rates over time as well. By combining our new certification course, Clear Essentials along with the use of online pre-certification classes and the initiation of the GP training in Europe, we anticipate training roughly 6600 doctors in 2008 on a worldwide basis. The third lever for driving long-term growth is consumer demand creation. We create awareness and motivation among millions of potential patients through our mix of media including television, radio, print increasingly web-based approaches. While completing production of our new ad campaign which we called "A Small Changes Everything", we were off air for 13 weeks, from late November until late February, our longest off air stretched a number of years. Not surprisingly, qualified leads specifically from TV declined during that time period. However, only four weeks after launching the new campaign, our qualified responses were up nearly 140% over the same period prior to launch and our Doc Locator feature on Aligntech.com is being heavily utilized. As we progress through the year, we will continue to increase the reach and frequency of our demand creation approaches. Early in the year, the mix is more heavily weighted towards TV. Later in the year, as the cost of advertising rises, we will shift the mix towards greater use of new web-based advertising approaches that we successfully pilot tested. Together, product innovation, adoption growth, and consumer demand creation are helping drive long-term growth for Align. We are making progress on all fronts and believe that our continued focus on these critical levers, along with investments in other strategic initiatives, will help us capture a greater share of the market. Q1 represented a solid start to the year, but we have a tremendous amount of work to do still to fully execute our plans for the year. I look forward to sharing further updates with you next quarter. And with that, I will turn the call over to Ken. Ken?
Ken Arola: Thanks Tom. Now let us review the first quarter financial results in more detail beginning with the income statement. Q1 revenues of $74.8 million increased 3.1% sequentially and 17.3% year-over-year, and we are above the high end of our outlook. The sequential revenue growth reflects higher ASPs during the quarter combined with a slight increase in case shipments. For Q1, blended ASPs were $1380 compared to $1360 in quarter four. Quarter one ASPs reflect the impact from fewer volume rebates, the benefit of exchange rate associated with international shipments and the mix of cases between full Invisalign and express. Q1 gross margin was 73.8% compared to 73.6% in quarter four and 72.5% in the same quarter last year, and higher than our outlook. The higher than expected gross margin benefited primarily from favorable ASPs. Q1 gross margin also included $400,000 in stock-based compensation expense, compared to $300,000 in quarter four and $200,000 in the same quarter last year. Q1 operating expense was $50.5 million as compared to $48.4 million in quarter four and $39.2 million in the same quarter last year, and at the low end of our outlook. As a reminder, Q1 '07 operating expense included a credit of $1.8 million for the reversal of Patients First program cost. The sequential increase in Q1 operating expense reflects a full quarter of expense associated with the expansion of our sales force in quarter four, go to market programs in North America and Europe and media costs associated with our new TV advertising campaign. In addition, we continued our investment in product development, systems, and infrastructure projects and marketing programs. Q1 '08 operating expense also included $3.6 million of stock-based compensation compared to $3.1 million in quarter four, '07 and $2.3 million in the same quarter last year. Q1 EPS of $0.07 compares to $0.08 per share in quarter four and $0.10 per share in the same quarter last year. EPS was well above of our outlook of $0.01 to $0.03 per share as a result of higher than expected revenue and expense management. Now, taking a look at the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and the restricted cash were $132.4 million compared to $127.9 million at the end of 2007. Cash from operations in quarter one was approximately $3 million, compared to $70 million in quarter four and just under $1 million in the same quarter last year. Q1 is historically a low cash flow quarter due primarily to the timing of annual incentive compensation programs. Q1 DSOs were 57 days compared to 56 days in quarter four and 54 days in the same quarter last year. At this point, I would like to take a minute to talk about our press release we issued today announcing that our Board of Directors has authorized a stock repurchase program of up to $50 million. The timing and actual numbers of shares repurchase were depended on a variety of factors including share price, corporate needs regulatory requirements and other market conditions. We are confident in our ability to generate cash in excess of our needs to grow the business. Returning this excess cash to our shareholders through a repurchase program will contribute to our goal of enhancing shareholder value. It will also have the effect of offsetting dilution from our employee equity plans. Now, let me turn to our outlook. This is also in our press release so I will only touch on a few highlights. Before I do so, I would like to provide a few general comments about the major factors that are in form our thinking regarding the outlook. First, we continued to be cautious regarding the economy and the potential effect it may have on our business. Second, as you may recall, we added new sales reps in the fourth quarter of 2007 and it typically takes approximately six months for those new reps to become fully effective in the new territory. Therefore, we expect them to have a greater impact on our revenues over the second half of the year. Third, when you take into account the seasonality in our doctor's practices, particularly in the summer months with vacation and holidays in both North America and Europe, you can typically expect slower case receipts and relatively flat revenue trending from Q2 to Q3. And last, the effects of any stock repurchases are not reflected in this outlook. With that said, our outlook is as follows. For Q2, we expect revenues to be in a range of $78.5 million to $81.5 million. We expect case shipments to be in a range of 54,000 to 56,000 cases. We expect worldwide ASPs to decrease slightly sequentially due primarily to increased volume rebate discount associated with the anticipated higher case volumes from doctors qualifying for the advantage rebate program and case refinement deferrals related to the expected sequential increase in Invisalign case volumes. We expect Q2 gross margin to be in the range of 73% to 73.7% and as expected to include approximately $400,000 in a stock-based compensation expense. In quarter two, we expect operating expense to be in a range of $55.8 million to $57 million. This reflects a full quarter a TV, media spending related to our new advertising campaign launched on February 25th, costs associated with our go to market initiatives and marketing programs in both North America and Europe, and our continued investment in product development, systems, and infrastructure projects. Also, two of our three annual Invisalign customer's summits are occurring in quarter two the U.S. GP Summit and the European Summit. Q2 offering expense also is expected to include approximately $4.5 million in stock-based compensation expense. For quarter two, we expect EPS to be in a range of $0.04 to $0.06. We expect diluted shares outstanding in Q2 to be approximately 71.4 million shares. For fiscal 2008, we remained comfortable with the prior outlook with one exception, deferred revenue. We expect the increase in deferred revenue for fiscal 2008 to be in the range of $6 million to $9 million as the result of introduction of new products including Vivera, Teen and ClinAssist. This compares to our prior range of $9 million to $18 million provided on our last quarter's earnings call. This change reflects the feedback we have received from the ClinAssist pilot. As Tom discussed earlier, more experienced Invisalign GPs want to be able to use ClinAssist to address more difficult cases to improve efficiencies in their busy practices. Based on this feedback, we have modified our assumptions for the initial release to reflect our focus will be on newly certified and low volume doctors. Finally, I want to review the comments I made last quarter about the tax planning strategy and future year's effective tax rate. During 2008, we will continue to evaluate our tax position and may determine that we will be able to utilize the future tax benefits from our deferred tax asset. At that time, we would release the valuation allowance and the worldwide tax strategy is in place and the valuation allowance has been released, we would expect to have a GAAP effective tax rate of 32% to 37%. Now let's go back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Taylor Harris with JPMorgan Chase. Please proceed with your question.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase: Thanks a lot. Tom and Ken, just wondering if you could talk to us a bit about what you saw as you progressed through the quarter. You have obviously had a tough consumer backdrop that a lot of people are worried about. May be just update us on your thinking there, and specifically with your case volume guidance? You are guiding to the second quarter being higher case volume number than the first quarter. So, what are you seeing in the months of March and April that help you get there? And then as you progressed through the year, the second half of the year certainly needs a pick up. So, just help us with that pick up, is that primarily, what do we count, what needs to happen there, does the economy need to improve? Or do you think you can get there just with your plans around sales force expansion and new marketing slogans? I know that's a lot of question, so I'll cut it off there.
Tom Prescott: I think you just answered the question with your last kind of rejoinder there. I'll start there, Taylor. We think as there Ken outlined, the area that informed our viewer of our outlook, we are being thoughtful and cautious about the economy. We think it has two effects there; one dampening effect on consumer behavior. We think that is play a lesser effort in our business given the huge number of patients. There are a lot of people still that are not enormously impacted by this difficult economy. We think the greater effect is actually in channel with doctors that are perhaps less likely especially low volume doctors, less likely to offer up a high-valued procedure like Invisalign, full and cosmetic restorative procedures and so. But going back to the beginning, we are working really hard. The business is responding. The sales people are starting to come online. We think we got another quarter to really get them fully operational and with all the disruptions that we created for customer relationships and all that. Again with, dropping in 25 to 30 people, it really interrupted more likely 60 plus territory, so half roughly of our customer base. That is coming along. The team is really focused. They're working their tails off. Again, we see some good things going on. As we continue to evolve our clinical education and we get better initial results, it makes us more comfortable that we're on the right track with new products like ClinAssist. We do not look to really impact this year so much, if we're nowhere on the right track. On top of that, in other word, there is quickly, the new advertising campaign has created excitement energy out in the offices and among patients coming in that have seen ads. So collectively, with these improvements in hand, we do not think it's going to be an easy year, but we are comfortable that we're going to see reasonable expansion as the year evolves.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase: Okay.
Ken Arola: Taylor, I would add a couple of things to that. First of all is, in the international front, we continue to see volumes growing on international, especially quarter two and quarter four are typically the bigger quarters for the international guys. And then in addition to that, the training that Tom mentioned and the doctors are coming up to speak quicker after coming at a certifications and submitting cases.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase: Okay. But Tom I guess, maybe just to make clear, let us assume the economy stays status quo. Do you feel comfortable with the guidance? And what should we be looking for with respect to utilization rate as we go through the year, does guidance assume that there is pick up?
Tom Prescott: So, those are maybe two really different questions. I'll answer them in pieces Taylor. We don't think the economy is going to get better anytime soon. We think we can definitely see a bottoming out in some areas. And maybe, I'll use an example of what we call ground zero. We're pretty close to it here in the Central Valley and those communities like Stockton and areas like that where we are watching very closely what's going out with consumers and doctors. I think Stockton has the unfavorable opportunity to be, they have the highest foreclosure rate in the country roughly six times the national average and yet we saw our doctors being successful there. Although, in general, through the Central Valley, we believe we have seen compression around 25% to 30%. I think we are stirring through that with our team and learning a lot from it. So, we think that represents ground zero. And virtually everywhere we look in the country, other than the State of Michigan which has had been under some distress for a quite a while. Everywhere else in the country has some pockets to distress, but in general we have this huge population of potential patients and a pretty sizeable base of doctors that are still very motivated with Invisalign. So, all that said, we do not expect or not counting on a balance of the economy, we think we have to drive the business through it. However, the good news is we have ton of patients that are still financially more or less unaffected by the economy. The second question is concerning utilization. We think there is some softness in the economy in that number. We're having a hard time quantifying it. So, I am going to call that a qualitative factor. The quantitative effect is due to the large surge in GP certifications we did especially in the second half of 2007, growing the denominator that rapidly and dropping that many relatively low producing, low volume GPs into the base, groups up the math's from a comparative level. So there was some compression and we saw that most specifically in the Central Valley, but we still have practices that are growing. The bigger part of it is just the denominator grew very rapidly and comparisons is driving that down.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase: Okay. So, if you strip out the increasing denominator with the low volume docs, would utilization be increasing in the rest of the base?
Tom Prescott: I want to promise, you can take a group of cohorts and start looking at when they will train it, and we still have solid adoption going on all through the base. The promise, the base is growing very fast. So, kind of large numbers are against us on utilization rate. The best way to think about the utilization rate is probably on an annual basis in the near term given the large number of docs we're training, what I would say is, in general GP broadly is flattish to down, if you look at same practice equivalent, we think that's the reflection of the economy. When you add in a huge number of new lower producing doctors, it really pulls it way down.
Taylor Harris - JPMorgan Chase: Okay. Great. And then last question, just a push back on March and April, did things move in the right direction for you in these last couple of months? Is that part of what's giving you confidence on the remainder of the year?
Ken Arola: Taylor, when we went through the last quarter here, things were on track as we were anticipating going into the quarter for March timeframe. And our guidance for this quarter, that we given takes into account what we're seeing going into the quarter.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Taylor. Next question, please? And please do try to limit your questions to one, so we can get everybody through.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mullikin with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Mullikin - Piper Jaffray: Good afternoon.
Tom Prescott: Hi, Mark.
Mark Mullikin - Piper Jaffray: I am going to ask one question in two parts, but I thought it is pretty much the same question. The expense management in the quarter, part A, where were the positive variances as far as expense management in the first quarter? And then, B, as I look to your second quarter guidance, I really need to load up the expenses to get to $0.04 to $0.06 of EPS based on your revenue guidance. So, are you expecting to spend more money in the second quarter across the board, what's in the plan?
Tom Prescott: Mark, it is a great question. Let me start from a spending and activity perspective which is not linear in anyway. We have quarters like Q2 every year, which are loaded up with trade shows, which are loaded up with summits, in this case two, and this year, we have increased spending in expended pilots and commercialization activities for some new products, et cetera. On top of that, we're really pushing very hard to get a lot of reach and frequency with this new ad campaign before ad rates start to tick-up as we approach the elections and the Olympics in the middle of the year. So, we planned on a significant expansion on spending versus kind of natural organic growth through headcount expansion and talking spending, I want to kind of remind you about that first and then I would ask Ken. Most people model us linearly because frankly, we do not give you better information on that. But maybe that's a starting point for Ken to dive and provide some more detail.
Ken Arola: Yes, Mark, let me just give you a little more detail here. First of all, with the question on quarter one, our expense management for the quarter, that was generally across the board, across all areas as we were looking at how we can keep expenses on the low end of our range here and manage it as we go into quarter two. What Tom said is, the business is not exactly linear as you model expenses given our significant customer wins that we have. So you get a full quarter of TV media spend but you also get an increased amount of media spend because of the focus this year being early in the year versus stressed out over the entire year. The addition to that, we have the product launches that Tom was talking about. So, our product development and launch costs, which we did not have in previous years as we transition from quarter one to quarter two. And the last thing I would mention on, if you were to go back and look at last year, you may ask the question, why do not you see expenses increases much last year. In fact, they did have a pretty significant increase last year. There were two things that brought that expense down a little bit in quarter two in 2007. First of all, we got an insurance reimbursement related to the OrthoClear settlement agreement that we had, which was the pretty significant amount. And then we also had media spend go down pretty significantly from quarter one to quarter two. In prior years, we had heavier media spend in quarter one and three and little bit lower in quarter two and in quarter four. So you take all that into account, quarter two is typically a higher spending quarter for us, more so than most of the others during the year.
Tom Prescott: And I will add one more thing, as we're flowing a bit more resource to our international team, they are demonstrating continued solid, solid growth and we're giving them some more resources to build the business. We want more of that.
Mark Mullikin - Piper Jaffray: Great, thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks Mark. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from Derek Leckow with Barrington Investment. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Investment: Thank you. Good afternoon.
Tom Prescott: Thanks Derek. How are you doing?
Ken Arola: Hi, Derek.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Investment: Hi. Just looking at the doctor utilization rates, they look like they have stabilized here. And as you mentioned, as you grow the denominator, it is more difficult to get the numbers to go up. What is sort of a same-store comp? Is there a way to look doctors who are certified over 12 months ago and compare those to, what are you seeing out of that group compared to some of the newer ones?
Tom Prescott: Well, that is exactly how we look at it internally Derek, because the two things we consistently say is, a utilization on a quarter-to-quarter basis, there is a lot of moving parts. First you have to sort out what's meaningful. Internally, we look at different cohorts of doctors trained at different times and then characterize what their adoption growth looks like and what the utilization growth looks like. You asked the specific question about what about docs trained 12 months ago versus say, let us just go back one more quarter, say five quarters ago versus one quarter ago. What we can say is from a roughly a year ago, with the certification and support model that was in place versus doctors training last quarter, we are seeing a faster ramp, less time from completion of the cert course to first case and a faster ramp to multiple cases than we have seen in the past. We think that is a reflection of better coverage of improving clinical education and improving clinical support and that is actually in advance of getting the product evolution in place which is going to further to accelerate that. When we get that the new ClinAssist product out which has really targeted that specific group, that newly certified Doc or the real low volume Doc that hasn't quite go over the learning curve yet. We think that ClinAssist is just going to really further lubricate that that adoption cycle. So we are seeing again, in other word, same-store growth, we call same practice growth, significant change year-over-year and we think it's the product of coverage, clinical education effectiveness. And we think in a year or so, we'll see the impact from product.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Investment: And how many of your doctors are now operating with the new ClinAssist software in their practice?
Tom Prescott: We have not sized the pilot yet, it is substantial. But before we go to release, it we will be large, large hundreds. We are out in a significant way with multiple versions of the software and the tools.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Investment: Okay. If I may ask one an additional question. On the tax rate, you guys were talking about making that termination sometime in 2008. So are you kind of telling us that we should be looking for rate in the range you provided for starting in '09, or is that too early should move that to 2010?
Ken Arola: No Derek, I think that's a fair assumption on your part.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Investment: Okay. All right. Thanks. But for 2009, then you will probably see that range, right?
Tom Prescott: Like I said, I think that will be a fair assumption on your part. We will be evaluating as we go through this year for the end of the year.
Derek Leckow - Barrington Investment: Okay. Thank you very much. Good luck.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, Derek. Next question?
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Dolan with Roth Capital Partners. Please proceed with the question.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: Hi, everyone. Good afternoon.
Tom Prescott: Hi, Matt. How are you?
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: Good. A follow on to your comments on the Q2 outlook relative to whole year, it looks like EPS will have to really kick in, in the back half of the year to maintain your guidance. Can you give us a feel for another operating expense line that we haven't talked about yet, the sales and marketing relative to the sales force? How many hit their quota in Q1 into that play in, and how should we look at that going forward for the year?
Tom Prescott: I guess, I really not get into detail break down of the distribution of comp payout for the reps, but what I was seeing in general is, if you are starting with Ken's description a moment ago on Q2 spend, the increase, there is a pretty significant chunk of that that is non-recurring, that was very much event based, where we expect to see some increasing spend in the Q3 and Q4 based on a normal planned headcount and program spending around key initiatives. Some of that are marketing and dialing back a little bit on the marketing spend as the year progresses. We do not see any big surge on the sales side. We have made big investment. We incrementally had a few hedge here and there, as we trained doctors and evolved through the year. But the biggest growth plan is to support product development, technology development and commercialization of those new products and that is a more linear effect. And there are opportunities to accelerate or slow that spend based on our relative broader priorities, how the business is doing, how our products and pilots are doing in market, and all sort of things like. So, I think we have a reasonably good handle on discretionary spend. And again, there is this big chuck of spending in Q2 that does have an impact on Q2 EPS is very event-driven by a large number of very market focused activities.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: Okay. That helps. Secondly on revenue line, first, can you give us a reminder of what happened in Q2 of '07 relative to the Patients First program? How should we be thinking of underlying growth relative to that? And secondly, your deferred revenue guidance, just maybe a feel for why that came in relative to the initial uptick of your new product and I'll jump off. Thanks.
Ken Arola: Okay. Hi, Matt, this is Ken. Yeah, going back to your first question for quarter two of '07, if you recall we had about 4,000 cases in backlog that we shipped in quarter two in relation to the patient's first backlog that was traded. And that generated about $5 million or so of additional revenue in quarter two. So, if you were to back off that and kind of normalize the quarter, the year-over-year growth for quarter two would more -- given the guidance we have out there would be in that 10% to 14% range year-over-year excluding that impact from Patients First.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: Okay.
Ken Arola: Okay? And then.
Tom Prescott: And your second question, again, was--?
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: The deferred revenue, with the rational behind that what have you seen initially over Teen and ClinAssist to drop that a little bit?
Tom Prescott: Yeah. I think, when we frame that total annual guidance, we had some -- we have the pretty wide range because we had some uncertainty about whether or not we hit the mark with some of these new products that had been tested in concept and had a couple of different targets there. The biggest piece, the deferred revenue component was ClinAssist. As we described, I think in our year end call while giving the guidance in January, much smaller components of deferred revenue respectively in Teen and Vivera. And so, not much has changed in our view for those two and we have more market experience. Certainly, we're in market with Vivera, we're in substantial pilot with Teen. We continue to tune our view of how those are doing or what's excess or not excess. But as we really now have separated the two very different target groups of doctors and the usage environment for ClinAssist, we've tested it in concept more as one and what we found in pilot is it -- its too got a pretty different products based on the same base. We decide that the most important priority was our starting point, which was to make sure doctor's work through the adoption cycle became confident effective quickly with using a complicated new product. So, we've put with the great learning and is a very positive outcome from our prospective. Because it's really confirmed, the impact and the leverage, those practices they've done it in pilot have gotten off to a very fast start and have gotten a lot of cases going quickly compared to the base line. And so, that's our whole goal. If we can move them to five or 10 or more cases quickly, simply easy cases with ClinAssist shortly after certification, they're pretty much ready to go with Invisalign full, with some normal support and clinical support and help from the rep. The challenge is getting them over that hump and sometime that takes literally years. So, we're focusing our efforts on getting ClinAssist offering out first and are evaluated. And because of that, it will be applied initially to a smaller group those newly certified docs and then in the segment of way going back to those lower volumes docs that haven't gotten over that hump. Rather than blowing it out broadly to the whole base we'll come back and we're evaluating now, how much resource, effort, et cetera, to put into that relative to other roadmap priorities, whether we should bring out a full ClinAssist all the way through moderately difficult cases through our whole base, and how that impact fits in relative to some of our other important priorities like Teen and elsewhere. So that's the issue. Yeah, it's a little bit down in deferred revenue but we think it's a very good news story relative to our primary goal, which is getting an adoption growth.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Partners: Thanks, Tom. Okay. Thanks guys. Nice results.
Shirley Stacy: Okay. Thanks, Matt. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from Spencer Nam with Summer Street Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Partners: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple of good questions Invisalign Teen, when are you going to fully launch this in the U.S.?
Tom Prescott: We haven't put a date around, Spencer. We indicated that in Q2, we were substantially going to expand the pilot out to make sure we had a lot of our most experienced orthos using the product, making sure we had a very full and complete view of the product usage in environment. Again, our goals to become mainstream with this into the middle of orthodontists practice we want to make sure it must flow into that. So we haven't really described the full launch yet. We did defined as it would be a stage release following all the normal things we want to put in place with this expanded pilot in Q2 and that will be later in the year.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Partners: We'll see that. And then deferred revenue, I know you've already commented a couple of times on this but should we expect some of that amount -- some of that deferred revenue to transfer over to the full revenue line this year?
Tom Prescott: That might be something that you could think about. But the way I think we need to think about it now is with the different way we are looking at ClinAssist and the fact that we are going after newly certified doctors and low volume doctors and the product is not going to be rolled out to more experienced doctors. Right now, our anticipation is that the more experienced doctors utilization related rates will not uptick significantly from where they are today, until we have additional product features incorporate into ClinAssist in the future and they have availability for that product.
Ken Arola: We are going to be a bit thoughtful and conservative and make the assumption that won't be a base business uptick this year.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Partners: I see. And then one final quick question, pricing increase, can you guys give some guidance on what the range we should be thinking about or the percentage growth from where it is today for the rest of the year. How should we think about that?
Tom Prescott: Let me answer a high level question. I will ask Ken to come back to provide the outlook information. As far as price increase per say, we aren't planning any. In this constrained economic environment, we are trying to work with our doctors to make sure they can improve profitability using this product. I ask Ken to speak on how we see ASP evolving specifically through the year.
Ken Arola: Yeah, so Spencer, there are number of things that impact our ASPs as we go quarter over quarter, time to time. Certainly, there is a volume impact related to full cases and express case mixes that we shift every quarter. There is also the volume rebate program where doctors have to qualify percent levels of rebate and then as typically impacts related to case refinements in relation to full cases. So, as we see increases in full case shipments that have case refinements associated with them, we defer more revenue in that subsequent quarter where we see the increase in volumes. If doctors as we saw in quarter one do not reach the tiers, so they can qualify for more significant rebate. In our rebate program, we actually in the quarter issued less rebates to fewer doctors in quarter one. Our anticipation as we go into quarter two as we will issue actually more rebate as we have increased volume, and the anticipation is that the doctors will be working to reach those higher tiers and get a larger volume rebate from us. So those are fluctuations that you will see quarter-over-quarter and we also potentially have, depending on what's going on with international exchange rates, you have going into the overall ASPs. I would look at it at this point going forward for quarter two as it indicates slightly decreasing ASPs as we see, are anticipating more doctors participating in the rebate program plus shipping more full cases and we will see how it goes in the year but I would say to be probably somewhat comparable.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Partners: Thanks very much.
Ken Arola: Thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, Spencer. Next question?
Operator: Our next question is from Tao Levy with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Waugh - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys, this is Seth for Tao. Thanks for taking my question.
Tom Prescott: Hey Seth.
Ken Arola: Hey Seth.
Seth Waugh - Deutsche Bank: First couple of financial questions, I guess, the DSO was up a little bit, I think, you said the 57 days, could you help explain that? And also it looks like the international channel, pricing was down sequentially. And I know you said you had FX helping out there. So wanted to maybe get a little more color, what's causing the pressure on price there?
Ken Arola: So, let me take your second question first on international pricing. What you saw from quarter four to quarter one in the trend there was in quarter four, we actually do a lot of true up of our case facts that, we had doctor signed up for an Europe. So there is an impact to the overall ASP when you look it from a quarter-to-quarter basis and you saw that trend down to either favorable uptick in quarter four related to that true up. The overall ASPs in Europe in general over the quarter have increased a little bit into the quarter and then came out of the quarter, so we had a little bit of uptick in revenue associated with that exchange rate. As far as volume is concerned over on the international front, rep volume in relation to Europe was relatively flat, actually slightly down a few 100 cases may be quarter-over-quarter. We saw an uptick in our distributors that we transition to so for Asia-Pac and Latin America. In 2007, we transition to a distributor model where we had internal managing directors to take over the business as a third-party. They actually had an uptick in volumes, but we are selling to those customers at a distributor price instead of a full list price, so you see a little impact there on ASPs. Okay. Lastly, there is a pricing challenge in the UK.
Seth Waugh - Deutsche Bank: And then DSOs?
Tom Prescott: Yeah, DSOs really that is an impact of, more shipments coming in the later two-thirds of the quarter than the first of the quarter. Our aging is actually in excellent shape. So, I am concerned about, that I think we'll be bumping around in that 55 to 57 range here going forward.
Seth Waugh - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then back to the Teen product, I assume the rollout is into the -- when it happens it will into the worker channel not into the GPs or do you plan on releasing it to the heavier volume GPs as well?
Tom Prescott: I said that's correct, the former. This is an Ortho product. And that said, there are GPs that have an Ortho practice. This is a real orthodontic product at the mainstream of their practice, which is teens and kids. And so as we launch this and you could see by our description in our call we are going out to a large group of our most experienced orthodontic customers. So our goal is to earn the opportunity to gain a much bigger share, their chair, their practice and to increase our potential served market. We are going to have opportunities, it's not going to be a quick overnight things, we are going to have earn our way and these are practices they have lowest average behaviors. But with the feedback we gotten so far, we think this product really appeals to the practices that are using Invisalign and which certainly appeals to the Teens. And so we are going to roll it out at orthodontic practices.
Seth Waugh - Deutsche Bank: Okay. One last housekeeping question, the Vivera product, is it recorded in other and are you going to break that out eventually?
Ken Arola: You know it is recorded in our other category right now. As we move forward and the volumes become more significant, that is something we will consider doing.
Tom Prescott: I would love that, if that becomes big enough to have a stand out in France. 
Seth Waugh - Deutsche Bank: Sure. Thank you for taking the questions.
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Jeff.
Shirley Stacy: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Ostrea with GMP Securities. Please proceed with your question. 
Anthony Ostrea - GMP Securities: I just wanted to ask about your comment on TV and web-based advertising, I think you said more TV in the front half of the year versus the back half of the year. Can you maybe just comment on the mix between that advertising mix this year versus last year? And also, maybe what the relative productivity of each of those media are in terms of case volumes?
Tom Prescott: Sure. Let's start with leads -- qualified leads, which flow into case volumes and we've had a number of years to be able to test and kind of verify our payback, our productivity inward. Starting with TV, because the balloon campaign was getting a bit faded, a bit tired, we were metering our investment in that campaign was 2.5 years old and we're using it. It was having impact, but it was showing some signs of fatigue. So, we are already metering down our relative spend last year on that, and productivity was flattening. The small makes a difference is showing a wonderful productivity improvement over that. When we look at all the metrics we compare to test, once we test it and released it, we're only month or two into it and we're already having a very significant impact. All the normal measures we look in terms of doctors searches, qualified lead responses and an initially case starts from some of those already are showing to be better than even back when we first rolled out balloon. And now comparisons are difficult because we are in a competitive situation and we certainly didn't capture all that demand. So, as we look forward and we certainly haven't described things like internal things we track like conversion rates, but we are very pleased with what we see so far from this new campaign. And Q2 and into some part of Q3, we're investing pretty significantly to get the right kind of math, what we call, reaching frequency out there. We believe we know the math very well about what that turns into, what qualifies leads turn into where case starts, but we are going to attract that to make sure we are getting that productivity or better. When we start looking at the other things they go along with that between point of sale materials, print in magazines, some media, radial media. They are effective but in a different way. Collectively, we have targeted this mix so we test this mix for certain impact. Then, we look to see, how may leads, how many responses, how many qualified leads, and then what the case flow is out of that? We actually go back and test this with the people that they start it or did not start a case. So, our process haven't changed, our mix of tools have changed, and we are using some more cost-effective approaches in some new forms of print and especially in, digital approaches with some very new ways, which are now we're going to get into detail, we're still testing the total productivity of those, but they are dramatically less expensive to use. So our goal is to create the demand and awareness and then be able to really harvest some of that with more digital techniques later in the year, in the heat of the election campaign and all that. So we can more cost-effectively stand in front of our customers and their patients. But, again, we're going to continue to track productivity. So far it looks really very good in the new campaign.
Anthony Ostrea - GMP Securities: Great. Thanks a lot.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Anthony. Operator, we'll take one last question please.
Operator: Our final question is from Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann & Company: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in.
Shirley Stacy: Of course.
Tom Prescott: Yeah. Hi, Issac.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann & company: Hi. So I will ask you two part question. First would be, just trying to get comfortable with your guidance as it relates to the back half of the year and you know, just back of the envelope, when I look at past few years, typical kind of jump up in the back half has been maybe like 50 to 100 basis points in your total revenue kind of weighted to the back-half. Given the reiteration of guidance, it looks like you are looking for, perhaps, a 200 basis point swing to the back half that causes 52% change. Is there a new element to your seasonality that you are seeing, that gives you confidence that those volumes can kind of ramp accordingly in the back half?
Ken Arola: Sorry. I would not necessarily say new thinking, what I would say is that as we think about going through the summer months, typically, you'll see slower cast receipts coming in quarter three over quarter two. We had some learning experiences last year that I would point to also in the summer months where doctors where the office or patients where the office and we had the case receipts did not pick up after the Labor Day weekend as we originally anticipated. We are going to be more mindful of that this year as we go through the summer months and we're looking at making sure the sales folks are coordinating with their doctors on their travel plans, their vacations, and when they're going to have their offices open and close in relation to the summer. We will see how that goes. This should be a first time that we're really taking a more serious look at that. The other things that we are looking is getting a lot of benefit from in the second half of the year, are the 20 somewhat headcount we added at the end of the fiscal 2007. We disrupted a number of territories as we talked about and with those reps now coming at the speed as we move to the first half of the year, which should see a lot more productivity as those guys has moved into quarter four. And a lot of that go to market initiatives that we have going on in the sales organization with business reviews, with the doctor's that we think and drive the most volumes and has sales force effectiveness. Making sure the sale guys are tapping into the doctors coming at the training classes that they think that can be the most productive and targeting them and going after them to help them increase their volumes and their practices sooner than later. So, those are some of the key initiatives and also the TV media advertisement that Tom talked about a little while ago, that's picked up pretty significantly here and we should start seeing some impact to that over the second half of the year as well.
Ken Arola: And if we add to that, typically Q4 for the increasingly significant international businesses, they're typically the strongest quarter of the year.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann & company: Okay. So this is a follow-up on the TV media ad spend, just given the Olympics and the fact that it's an election year, how does this affect the rates that you guys are paying for that ad space and to what extent have you guys locked up that ad inventory over the balances of the year?
Tom Prescott: We have already bought that space as dedicated space, and I am trying to buy remnants, we are and we've already planned our mix to evolve away from being on as much TV as we approach the election and working a bit around the Olympics. Again, buying significant blocks that matter and doing it in a way that organizes that through the year is more efficient in terms of media buy. That said, we're not a big media buyer like Procter & Gamble like billions of dollars a year, but is meaningful enough that we can lock in reasonable rates, further things we want to do. Again, we said, we're migrating away, relying less on TV as the year evolves, relying more on print, some radio and certainly some new web-based approaches that appeared to paying up but we have a more work to do before we're ready to say they are as productive as traditional media.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann & company: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Tom Prescott: Take care.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann & company: All right. 
Operator: Thanks, Issac. And thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. We look forward to speaking to you again at upcoming events including the Deutsche Bank Healthcare Conference on May 6th. As always, our conference presentation and breakouts are available on our webcast at www.investoraligntech.com. If you have any further questions, please contact Investor Relations. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-29 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Shirley Stacy - Senior Director of IR Tom Prescott - President and CEO Ken Arola - VP and CFO
Analysts: Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank Matt Dolan - Roth Capital Taylor Harris - JP Morgan Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Partners Anthony Ostrea - GMP Securities Isaac Ro- Leerink Swann Josh Jennings
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Align Technology's Q4 and 2007 Fiscal Year end Financial Results Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Shirley Stacy of Align Technology. Ms. Stacy, you may begin.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us everyone. I'm Shirley Stacy, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Tom Prescott, President and CEO; and Ken Arola, Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me cover some housekeeping items. We issued a press release today via PRNewswire in FirstCall ,detailing our Q4 and fiscal 2007 financial results. This press release is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast, and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 pm Eastern time through 8:30 pm Pacific time on February 12, 2008. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with account number 292 followed by pound, and conference number 268148 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same account number and conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements about Align's future events, product outlook and expected financial results for the Q1 and full fiscal year 2008. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may vary significantly. These and other risks are set forth in more detail in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007. These forward-looking statements reflect beliefs, estimates and predictions as of today and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Please also note that on this conference call we will provide listeners with several financial metrics determined on a non-GAAP basis for comparisons to previous quarters. Most of these items, together with the corresponding GAAP numbers and a reconciliation of the comparable GAAP financial measures where practical, are contained in today's financial results press release, which we have posted on our website under Financial Releases and have furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. In addition, we have posted a corresponding slide presentation on our website. We encourage listeners to review these items carefully. Additionally, we have posted a 12 quarter GAAP and non-GAAP revenue model and supplemental financial slides on our website at investor.aligntech.com under Historical Financial Data. Please refer to these files in more detail. Finally, I would like to address a temporary halt in after-hours trading in Align's stock that occurred in conjunction with the release of our Q4 results at 1 pm Pacific Time today. As part of our disclosure process, we provided NASDAQ MarketWatch an advance copy of our release, which includes our fiscal 2008 outlook. In comparing our fiscal 2008 outlook with the wide range of analyst expectations for 2008, NASDAQ decided it would temporarily halt trading for 20 minutes and allow the Q4 press release to be fully disseminated. There is no other reason for the temporary halt in trading. Prior to the start of this call, NASDAQ confirmed that Align stock can fully resume trading in the after hours. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Tom Prescott.
Tom Prescott: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to discuss our Q4 results and our outlook for 2008. Let's begin with the highlights from Q4. Q4 was another good quarter for Align, led by strong growth internationally. Net revenues of $72.5 million and GAAP EPS of $0.08 were at the higher end of our outlook. Higher average selling prices, or ASP's, resulted in a better than expected gross margin of 73.6%. GAAP operating income of $5.7 million or 7.9% represents the fourth consecutive quarter profitability, a significant improvement from the prior year. From a customer perspective, Q4 revenue mix consisted of 29.5% US Orthos, 46.2% US GPs and 19.6% international. Q4 revenues for US Orthos and GPs decreased about 4% from Q3, but grew substantially from the same quarter a year ago up 23% and 37% respectively. International performance continues to be outstanding, particularly in Europe, as demonstrated by international revenue growth of 22% sequentially and 48% year-over-year. Q4 case shipments of 50.8000 decreased slightly from Q3 and went inline with our outlook. The sequential decrease in case shipment is related to a shortfall in new case receipt during the last several weeks of September, described in detail during our Q3 earnings call.  Utilization rates continued to be an important metric in assessing adoption growth for Invisalign. In Q4 year-over-year utilization grew 14% for US Orthos, 4% for US GPs and 10% for international. We are pleased with our progress. As we look at the enormous opportunity in front of us, there are three critical levers that will help to drive our business and long-term growth. The first and most important lever is product innovation. The second is how we grow adoption. The third lever is implementing cost effective consumer demand creation to deliver the right patients properly motivated to start treatment into a doctors' practices. Let me first talk about innovation and our recent new product announcements. On January 9th, we previewed three new Invisalign products that we believe will increase utilization and overcome barriers to greater adoption. Vivera Retainers, Invisalign Teen and Invisalign ClinAssist. Let's recap the three products we previewed. First Vivera Retainers, design for both Invisalign and non-Invisalign patients, is our subscription base program, prescribed by Invisalign doctors and shipped directly to the treating doctor or directly to the patient four times a year. Vivera provides us with an opportunity to offer product expansion to our doctors, as well as incremental revenue streams. It also gives us the very unique opportunity to the relationship with the patient and the doctor they can resist well after the normal lines of treatment. It's too early to comment on Vivera up tick given us reason for launch, but feedback from doctors has been positive and we will provide an update on its performance in the coming quarters. Moving on now to Invisalign Teen and the potential access to the mainstream volume at Ortho's offices. Teen patients are a very big part of our orthodontic practices and make up the majority their case starts. In fact, based on the recent survey by the AAO, 78% of new case starts in 2006 were patients under 19 years of age. To date, Invisalign is only being used for teens that have their permanent teeth and mature dentition in place, which translates to roughly 15% of our current patient base. Given that we have less than 7% total penetration among the 2.3 million orthodontic case starts per year, Invisalign Teen has a potential to ultimately increase the size of our served market. Teen will do despite delivering a set of technologies, while making Invisalign much more applicable for teen treatment. This product is currently entering pilot testing and we will update you as we get closer to launch. And our third product, Invisalign ClinAssist, is essentially the first phase of our GP specific product platform, and is designed as a turnkey consultative approach to Invisalign treatment for doctors who want a highly efficient treatment process with built-in monitoring tools and progress checks. ClinAssist, which is in pilot testing now, is intended to make the process of starting and managing Invisalign cases more streamlined and less labor-intensive for doctors. These new and upcoming product offerings will all leverage the best aspects of the Invisalign system. Our expectation for incremental growth of the new products is minimal in 2008, but the addition of these and other new products in the pipeline enables us to grow up to a larger share of the market and builds on our foundation for long-term growth. Ken will go through this in more detail when he describes our assumptions for new product revenue contribution and the increased deferred revenue that comes along with that in a moment. The second lever to driving our long-term growth, both domestically and around the world, is increased adoption, which includes base expansion and utilization growth. The way we grow our base, is by training new doctors, and the way we increase utilization, in addition to leverage from new products, is by having the right sales coverage and clinical education programs. In 2007, we significantly expanded our customer base and increased our sales force in North America and Europe. Additionally, we continued to evolve our clinical education programs to help Invisalign provide ensured treatment success and improved our practices, clinically and financially. Just last week, we launched aligntechinstitute.com, an interactive website with a suite of scalable on-demand educational resources for a range of prospective newly certified and advanced Invisalign providers. If you haven't checked it out yet, you really should. Finally, given the enormous untapped market potential for Invisalign, marketing the consumer and creating demand is the third level for driving our long-term success. During Q4, which is typically a tougher quarter for effective media impact, we implemented a plan shift in media mix in approach. We increased our focus on online regeneration activity and reduce the level of TV Ads spending, which is typically less effective during the holidays given all their advertising noise. Despite reduction in traditional media and advertising in Q4, qualified leads were up over 15% sequentially and up over 200% year-over-year. Using Q4 as a model, we also tested other new demand creation approaches, anticipating a more expensive and crowded advertising environment created by both the upcoming Olympics and the Presidential Election Campaigns in 2008. We evaluated alternative media and programming options that will help us maintain high awareness and demand for Invisalign. This includes more digital media, and a launch of a new consumer website in Q1. Our new Ad campaign, what we call a smile changes everything, also kicks off later this quarter and builds on the success of the previous balloon campaign. Now, while you won't see us on a Super Bowl next weekend, you should see new TV Ads beginning February 25. While we are pleased to see a continued high level of interest in Invisalign from consumers, we are also mindful of increased economic uncertainty. We know the doctors in some economically sensitive regions of the country are seeing few new patients coming in the door, even if their Invisalign business remains steady. Given this greater uncertainty and the potential for broad recession, we have taken additional steps to get a more detailed understanding of our doctors' purchase intent, as well as likely consumer behavior in the current environment. Our goal is to build our current insight into doctor and consumer behavior, and get further upstream from our customers to develop stronger leading indicators that could signal trends in our business. For that end, we recently retained a well respected marketing research firm that focuses on consumers and physicians. We asked them to conduct a large scale broad base survey of our target consumers and Invisalign providers to assess their outlook on the US economy, and the potential effect on use or their purchase intent for Invisalign. The survey was based on a random sample of 800 consumers in our target demographic and 400 Invisalign certified GPs and Orthos that have been active in Invisalign practices. The large size and scope of the survey was critical to ensure confidence and to exchange the result across our large target market and growing base of certified doctors. The survey process was designed late last year and was conducted in January. The dimensions of the survey instrument include assessment of economic indicators, economic indicators in terms of language similar to those used for the Conference Board Consumer Confidence Index Results of the survey are extensive. I will just highlight some of the key findings. Number one, our target consumers and Invisalign providers are mixed roughly 50/50 positive versus negative on the outlook for US economy over the next six months. Two, regardless of the outlook on US economy, our target consumers intentions of obtaining Invisalign are strong. This is true both in the near-term and a long-term. Three, when our target consumers ranked relative importance for appearance improvement procedures, Invisalign ranked high, and above many others such as Laser Eye Surgery, Botox and breast implants. Four, Invisalign providers are projecting Invisalign case growth in 2008 regardless of their outlook on the US economy. When we mete this out, the survey confirms anecdotal and qualitative information we have been gathering ourselves. It's also in line with smaller scale channel surveys many analysts have conducted and published recently. When you put it all together, it suggests that Invisalign is well positioned in market, and that our penetration is still very small relative to large market opportunity, and we should have confidence in our outlook for a long-term growth. I would like to touch on a few strategic goals and our performance this year. First, our goals. One, continue driving strong top line growth and expanding profitability. Two, developing and deploying GP-specific and Ortho-specific product platforms to drive adoption. Three, continue to expand our customer base while fine-tuning our demand creation and brand building efforts. And four, evolving our manufacturing platform enterprise systems and core processes to improve efficiencies. So, what have we done? Well, in the past twelve months we delivered strong top line growth and expanded our profitability. We accelerated international revenue growth primarily through our focused strategy that has led to greater adoption in Europe. We did expand our global reach in coverage through additions and enhancements in our sales forces, while increasing productivity. We began delivering on our product roadmap with the launch of Vivera, as well as getting multiple new pilots underway. We significantly improved treatment quality, which has led to best practice protocols and treat software evolution, and we continue our focus in scaling our manufacturing platform, which provides support for our long-term growth model. In addition to these strategic accomplishments, we successfully finished the Patients First Program and completed seven out of eight reexamination proceedings with the US Patent and Trademark Office, which has yielded an overwhelmingly positive reaffirmation of our intellectual property. So, overall we have made tremendous progress in 2007, both strategically and financially. As we look to 2008 despite positive indicators from our recent survey and other data that suggest a more bullish attitude among our customers and perspective patients. We are mindful of the broader economic environment and a potential for consumer spending slowdown. Given our environment, we are adopting a more conservative view even as we continue to execute towards achieving our strategic initiatives and optimizing our financial results for long-term shareholder value. And with that I'll turn the call over to Ken.
Ken Arola: Thanks, Tom. Now let's review our Q4 financial result in more detail, beginning with the income statement. Q4 revenues of $72.5 million were slightly above the high end of our outlook of $69.5 million to $72.2 million, and an increase of 31% year-over-year. For Q4, blended ASPs were $1,360, reflecting the mix of cases between full Invisalign and Express, volume rebates, case refinements and the benefit of exchange rates associated with the higher mix of international cases. Our Q4 GAAP gross margin is 73.6%, decreased one percentage point from Q3 primarily due to lower volumes across a relatively fixed cost structure, and a greater number of new certification events during the quarter compared to Q3. During the year, gross margin increased 4.8 percentage points, due primarily to the effective improved operating efficiencies. On a GAAP basis, Q4 operating expense was $48.4 million. This compares to operating expense of $44.9 million in the prior quarter, and $56.1 million in the same quarter a year ago. Note that in Q4, 2006 GAAP operating expense included $14.3 million for the Patients First Program and settlement costs. The sequential increase in Q4 2007 operating expense was primarily due to an increase in field sales headcount, sales compensation, and marketing program cost. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock base compensation of $3.2 million, Q4 operating expense was $45.2 million. Q4 GAAP EPS of $0.08 was inline with our outlook of $0.06 to $0.09 per share. This compares to $0.13 per share in Q3 and net loss of $0.27 per share in the same quarter last year. Q4 non-GAAP EPS of $0.13 was at the high end of our outlook of $0.11 to $0.13 per share is compares to $0.17 per share in Q3 and loss of penny in the same quarter last year. Taking a look at the balance sheet, cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash were $127.9 million compared to $64.1 million at the end of 2006, demonstrating continued positive cash flows. In fiscal 2007, we generated approximately $52 million cash from operations of which $16 million was generated in Q4. Q4 DSOs were 56 days, reflecting continued healthy Invisalign practices, as compared to 58 days in Q3 and 55 days in the same quarter last year. DSO is one of the leading indicators of healthy economy maybe affecting our customer base and we will continue to watch this metric carefully. Now, let me turn to the outlook for Q1 and fiscal 2008. This is also in our press release, so I'll only touch on a few highlights. Before I get into the detail, I would like to provide a few general comments about our new products in the boarder economic environment. As Tom mentioned, we are very excited about our new product pipeline and prospects for expanding our share over the market over the long-term given the relative timing for general availability. We expect minimum revenue contribution from the new product launches in 2008. With these new products, we will be delivering features such as progress tracking and stage delivery with Invisalign ClinAssist and replacement aligners will be offered with Invisalign Teen. This means that both of these new products will have a significantly higher amount of deferred revenue as a percent of their average selling price compared to our existing full Invisalign product. As new products increase as a percent of our total net revenue in the latter part of 2008 and beyond, deferred revenue on the balance sheet will increase and this revenue will be recognized in future periods. The results from our new products will be seen on both our income statement and our balance sheet, which I will explain in more detail, as I go through the assumptions for each of the three new products, we have previewed on January 9. Vivera Retainers were formally launched to our North America sale team two weeks ago, along with full marketing support. This means that Vivera is really just getting off the ground now, and we expect revenues to ramp particularly in the second half of the year. Remember, retainers are the last part of an orthodontic treatment. So, doctors that sell new Invisalign cases now won't actually order Vivera until the end of treatment, which is typically about a year. It's too early to tell how much traction that their retainers will have with previous Invisalign patients or with those finishing treatment now, but we will continue to update you on progress throughout the year. The Vivera retainers subscription includes four shipments per year. The full annual subscription cost will be invoiced upon shipment of the initial retainer and deferred to the balance sheet and recognized ratably over the one year subscription period. This means that 25% of the full subscription price will be recognized as revenue with each of the four shipments per year. Invisalign Teen will begin piloting in February and is expected to launch in late 2008. With a Teen specific product we have the opportunity to move from serving only the very mature teens and adults, to addressing younger teens and gaining a greater share of the overall teen market. Equally important, we believe that a teen specific product will allow Invisalign to become a more main stream part of an Orthos practice. We expect revenue from Invisalign Teen to ramp in late 2008 depending on formal launch and general availability. The teen product will include three free replacement aligners, revenue for this replacement aligners will be deferred based on the fair market value of the three aligners until the case is completed or the replacement aligners are used. We are estimating the fair market value of the three replacement aligners to be approximately $300. ClinAssist is currently in pilot testing and is expected to launch in late 2008 or early 2009. Since one of the primary targets of ClinAssist is newly certified GPs, you can think about the growth opportunity relative to the number of new GPs that we certify after ClinAssist becomes generally available. ClinAssist cases will be shipped in stages based on built-in monitoring tools and progress checks. The full ClinAssist case will be invoiced upon the first shipment and revenue will be deferred to the balance sheet and recognized upon shipment of the final stage of aligners. I want to be clear, so I will say it in another way. Revenue for ClinAssist cases will not be recognized until we complete our obligation to the customer for progress tracking and stage delivery, which will be when the last stage of aligners is shipped. This is expected to be approximately four to nine months after treatment begins depending on case complexity. You can expect that, given timing of the ClinAssist launch and the typical duration of treatment, it is unlikely that we will recognize ClinAssist revenue in 2008. Beginning in 2008, our reported revenues will no longer match actual case shipments because of the timing associated with revenue recognition for each product as I just described. The rate at which the shift towards greater levels of deferred revenue will occur depends largely on four factors. First, timing of the launch for these new products; second, the up-tick of these new products and the resulting ship in product mix; third, the dollar amount of deferred revenue associated with the each new product; and fourth, the revenue displacement of our current existing Invisalign products. In our guidance, we have provided a range of new product revenue deferrals, because each of these factors will have some impact on our revenue growth and deferred revenue on the balance sheet. We believe that over time as our deferred revenue balance continues to grow a large percentage of our revenue will become more predictable. Finally, while the consumer and doctor interest and Invisalign remain high, even the recent increase and broader economic uncertainties and the potential impacted consumer spending in 2008. We think is prudent to me more conservative about our outlook for the year. Let me take these steps into consideration, our look for Q1 in fiscal 2008 is as follows. For Q1, we expect revenues to be in the range of $70.4 million to $73 million. We expect worldwide ASPs to be consistent with prior quarters at approximately $1,350. We expect case shipments to be in a range of 50 to51.5 cases. We expect Q1 GAAP gross margin to be 72.2% to 73.2%. In Q1, we expect GAAP operating expanses in a range of $50.4 million to $51.9 million. This reflects our investment in continued growth in sales coverage and go-to-market programs in both North America and Europe. As mentioned on our last earnings call, we accelerated the hiring of sales staff into Q4, which means we are entering 2008 with the full complement of our sales force. In the US, we added 21 people for a total of 152 sales staff, and in Europe we added 2 people for a total of 29 sales staff. In addition to headcount related expenses, we expect continued investment in product development, systems and infrastructure projects and marketing programs. Q1 operating expense reflects the evolution of our customer programs as well as heavier advertising in media spending in the first half of 2008, as described in Tom's comments earlier. For Q1, we expect GAAP EPS to be between $0.01 and $0.03. For fiscal year 2008, we expect revenue to be in the range of approximately $320 million to $330 million. We expect deferred revenue to increase in the range of $9 million to $18 million, as a result of the introduction of new products. This revenue will be reflected on the balance sheet and will be recognized in future periods beyond 2008. As a result, total deferred revenue on the balance sheet is expected to be in a range of approximately $20 million to $30 million by the end of 2008. We expect case shipments for fiscal 2008 to be in a range of approximately 227,000 to 237,000 cases. We expect that GAAP gross margin for fiscal 2008 to be in a range of 74.2% to 75.1%. We expect fiscal 2008 GAAP operating expense to be in a range of approximately $211 million to $219 million. This reflects our investment in product development, go-to-market initiatives, such as our new advertising campaign, increased sales coverage and continued build out of our infrastructure. We expect fiscal 2008 GAAP EPS to be between $0.40 and $0.45. We expect stock-based compensation expense in quarter one to be approximately $3.7 million and full year stock-based compensation expense to be approximately $18 million, compared to $12.2 million for the full year 2007. We expect diluted shares outstanding in quarter one to be approximately 71.2 million shares and for the full year 2008 to be approximately 73.2 million shares. From the balance sheet standpoint, we expect to continue to generate positive cash flows and expect to end 2008 with $160 million to $170 million in the bank. Lastly, I want to update you on our tax planning strategy in future effective tax rate. Our current tax rate is approximately 3%, as dated previously we are currently evolving a worldwide tax strategy taking into account the potential benefit from our international operations to allow us to minimize our overall effective tax rate. We expect this strategy will be in placed by 2009. Additionally during 2008, we will continue to evaluate our tax position and may determine that we will be able to utilize the future tax benefits from our deferred tax assets. At that time we would release at the valuation allowance. Once spoke to worldwide tax strategies in place and the valuation allowance has been released, we expect to have a GAAP effective tax-rate of 32% to 37%. Total US net operating losses are approximately $218 million and will be used to offset US net profit. As a result our tax payments will be minimized to statutory taxes over the next couple of years. Now, let's go back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from line of Tao Levy with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Good afternoon.
Tom Prescott: Good afternoon Tao, how are you?
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Im okay. A few questions, first Tom maybe you can give us a sense of what you are seeing when you hear from the doctors and sales reps out in the field? The impact from the economy. Obviously, Q4 was a little bit challenging and then during the last call youve mentioned that things were improving and now given your guidance about Q1, it seems like maybe things will kind of slow down again. So, any insight there would be help. Thanks.
Tom Prescott: Sure Tao. The first is I think, as both Ken and I described, we are being a bit more thoughtful and conservative in general, and that informs our overall due. And were talking that pasture even when somewhere at odds with some of the anecdotal and quantitative data weve got. I just think its prudent for us to think about this in a complete way given the amount of news out there, given the likely stress in the economy. And we just dont want to find ourselves in a situation where we get ahead of ourselves. The second part of your question is: what are we hearing? We had a kickoff in Europe two and half weeks ago, about a week or so ago in the U.S., and across the board the team is confident that theyre going to grow their business substantially this year. Theyre excited that we got some new products coming up and an opportunity to pull those into some of these practices, along with evolution of some of the clinical training capabilities. So, and then when we compare that with both the qualitative and quantitative research weve done, we see doctors even in some of the areas that more impacted saying that their practices may broadly be down there, Invisalign business is up. It tells us they are actually using Invisalign to be a differentiator. And so, all that said, our goal is, no matter what the economy throws at us and what the broader boundary conditions are, we are going to seek to optimize, [to bend] this result and we feel reasonably comfortable we can drive meaningful growth this year.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Got you. And: what's your just general thought process on, with the slowing economy, obviously you want to invest on new products, eventually where you will, if the economy doesnt slow down you are in a good position. But: does it make a lot of sense to really start to continue to increase advertising, adding sales reps? Again, given this backdrop: rather then focusing a little bit more on improving profitability?
Tom Prescott: Thats a great question in a complete way. I think if you look at the potential range of outcomes for the year with what Ken framed, with the range of deferred revenue scenario is based on product timing and the mix, you could work your way to a scenario and say, we did demonstrate counting all that in, we did demonstrate a meaningful improvement in profitability this year. That may not show up in GAAP numbers, given the nature of deferred revenue. The second part of that is, I think it is a really fair question to ask, whether in a time of broader economic stress, is it the right time to push forward on strategic initiatives? We do believe we understand what our payback is specifically for key strategic programs like consumer demand, and we have made investments over the last couple of years to be more and more productive with that. So, we believe we do know what returns we get. And when we look at the mix of program spending, that continues to rank up near the top of our choices. So, until that calculus changes, we're going to continue to make thoughtful investments in broad consumer demand. I think your underlying question is how are you running the business? Based on what evolves during the year, we have a mix of headcount and program spending that we can evolve during the year to fit within a framework of a reasonable P&L. And we're going to be good stewards of that, and be watchful and mindful about what the economy brings but, it's a fair question.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And just a couple of clarification points, on the revenue guidance that you are providing for the full year the numbers that are going to show up on the P&L, when you get to Q3, Q4 we should be looking at your guidance numbers excluding the deferred. Is that the right way Ken?
eryone. I: The numbers that I referred to for guidance is $320 million to $330 million.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Exactly.
Ken Arola: That's netting out the deferred revenue.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Okay, so that kind of --
Tom Prescott: It will be GAAP revenue which also net out deferred, correct.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Got it, okay. So, the number or the business that you actually expect to bring in is that plus the deferred.
Ken Arola: That's exactly.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Alright, that makes me feel a little bit better. And then just on -- if I look at your Q1 EPS guidance your GAAP guidance and then your full year, it looks like you are looking for big step up, not only on the top line, but also the bottom line as well, aside from new products anything else Tom that is driving? I guess the backend loaded part of the year.
Tom Prescott: So, there are couple of things, there is some seasonal spending for us that come in trade shows and kickoff meetings with sales forces and big insurance, there are some things that structurally occur for us in the first quarter. Other than that the only other significant departure for us is given the frame this year of consumer demand and the fact that we pulled in the development of our new consumer campaign, which really wasnt going to get originally be ready until mid-year, we pull it into earlier -- into Q1, so we can get impact before advertising rates got up there and the noise from the Olympics and the election got great. So, we can create the impact we wanted, thats more frontloaded in the first half of the year. And that is a higher run rate, but we should be able to get impact out of that later in the year and into early '09.
Tao Levy - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thanks.
Tom Prescott: Sure Tao.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt Dolan with Roth Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Hi, guys, good afternoon.
Tom Prescott: Good afternoon, Matt, how are you?
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Just a follow on or two on that prior question relating to case demand as you see it today Tom, given that were in the Q1 and you have the most visibility to-date, into this current question: have you seen any impact of the consumer question to-date? And the second part of that question is: considering that Q4 was a little softer than you originally expected, as the summer started, is there anything here that you could help us clarify in terms of the seasonality with Q4 being flatter than Q1? Thanks.
Tom Prescott: Sure, Matt. The first thing is, maybe going back to our discussion at the end of Q3, the Q4 impact, we had a solid ramp through Q4. The timing of Christmas and New Year was a little different this year, but there is always some impact there. The Q4 issues were really caused by the later part of September, and kind of failure to have a normal ramp coming out post Labor Day. And weve talked about that a lot and I won't go back there. Other than the [net weight] of solid ramp through Q4, I want to maybe comeback to a typical Q1, international has been growing, there growth has been outpacing the U.S. and Q1 is not the strongest growth quarter for international specifically Europe, there is much more holiday for them in the first quarter, with a shorter month in February, there are shorter number of days worked in office in general. And so, the way we look at European run rates takes that into account. So, typically Q1 is not the biggest lift we get from international. So, it's maybe a secondary, more subtle factor in there. But we are just trying to be thoughtful about the beginning of the year and layout a framework that allows us to continue on from Q4 and have reasonable expectations about how the year is going to evolve.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Okay. Fair enough. And then, in terms of the guidance for '08, if I look at the numbers, I think it looks like high single-digit operating margin, I think in the past we have talked about getting into the low double-digits, it's more of a normalized rate today. Can you help us understand how that tracks throughout the year? And: should we still expect that or are there one time events this year, etcetera?
Tom Prescott: Well, the kind of the big one time event from a broader perspective is the implication of increases of deferred revenues starting to wash through our P&L, which will become visible on the balance sheet. Certainly thats over the longer term with these new products, in the mix they kind of earn in or the share of our mix they get, that buildup of deferred revue probably will serve to make our business more predictable and more linear overtime. And you will see that before it's ultimately recognized in subsequent quarters. But thats the biggest single change that we have that we are investing a lot of strategic initiatives continuing on those, on all three of the levers I talked about, product innovation, base expansion and as well as consumer demand., And we dont necessarily -- we arent getting the impact to drop down the operating margin of that revenue that we would get, as its going into deferred revenue. The second thing is: there are some timings. We are frontloading in the first half of the year, some of the investments for demand creation to get greatest impact, given the Olympics and the election. That's a practical matter. And we're choosing to make those strategic investments, because we believe it's the right thing to do over the longer term. But, that said we continue to be very, very certain that over the longer term we will continue to evolve the model and create leverage and we believe our long term objectives of being a high growth business and having the kind of operating margins weve discussed are still very much there to be had.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Okay. And just to clarify, so it's more of an operating issue at this point as opposed to just simply relating to your conservatives on the guidance with respect to discretionary expanding and so forth?
Tom Prescott: I would step back and say we have been more conservative in a complete way about our framework to the business this year. But the second part is we are pushing ahead on strategic initiatives, even though there is some near term apparent P&L impact on a GAAP basis, while there is deferred revenue build up in our balance sheet that's not washing to our GAAP P&L.
Matt Dolan - Roth Capital: Very good, okay thanks guys.
Tom Prescott: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Taylor Harris, with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Taylor Harris - JP Morgan: Thank you. So I want to rehash some of the deferred revenue issues first and then move on. So, just to clear, the deferred revenue is increasing on the order of $9 million to $18 million or is it increasing from $9 million to $18 million?
Ken Arola: Its increasing on order of magnitude from $9 million to $18 million Taylor, our current balance is that we have for deferred revenue around $10 million, $11 million on the balance sheet, and this will be incremental to that.
Taylor Harris - JP Morgan: Okay. So, can we really translate that as: if you werent launching these new products your revenue guidance would be close to $10 million to $20 million higher than it is? Or: is some of that truly incremental product revenue that just going to get pushed out?
Ken Arola: So, I would describe it: well, yes we did not have revenue associated with these products and we had a revenue recognition model comparable to our Invisalign full, you could look that as incremental revenue above our guidance.
Taylor Harris - JP Morgan: Okay. the case growth number or the case guidance that you gave represents case growth of 11% to 17% or so. Are there deferred cases at all or is it really just revenue associated with cases?
Ken Arola: No, Taylor those are all cases that will be shipping in deferred cases and that goes to my comment about the fact that tracking revenue to the actual case shipments is going to be a little trickier this year and well giving you information on deferred revenue as well as shipment volumes.
Taylor Harris - JP Morgan: Okay. And shifting to the earnings impact of the deferred revenue: can you give us an estimate of that?
Tom Prescott: Well, thats a little trickier, we obviously are reporting GAAP guidance here Taylor. It depends greatly on the mix, different new products that are assumed into this have different element of deferred revenues. And so, there are two different pieces moving, there is the range we provided for the full business and there is the range we provided for the new product implication is [9 to18], that have a number of moving parts. Three new products that have different kinds of deferral [schemes] with them. So, I think to just give you a -- I wish it was that simple, but to give you a pad answer, weve tried to revive those as two separate ranges, and maybe I will have Ken build on that.
Ken Arola: Yeah. One of the things you can think about Taylor is with these new products as Tom mentioned earlier were look at our product portfolio and the return on the products and with any product it has to make certain threshold from a gross margin perspective on a contribution basis. So, these new products fit into our 75% gross margin model, so if you want to apply something like 75% margins against an $9 million to $18 million dollar increase in deferred revenue, I think you can get to a reasonable answer.
Tom Prescott:
 : His answer is better than mine. I was trying to get your back to our GAAP guidelines, outlook.
Taylor Harris - JP Morgan:
 : Okay. I got it. I am just trying to add up the different factors for why earnings are, you are actually expecting earnings to be flat to down versus '07 and looks like you have got, you are missing out on earnings from this deferred revenue as a one, you are investing sales force, product development, even in the phase of poor economic backdrop. And help me if there is anything I am leaving off this list. Stock based comp is going up from $12 million to $18 million or so?
Ken Arola: That's correct.
Taylor Harris - JP Morgan: With your share price where it is: why would stock based comp go up by 50%?
Ken Arola: So, what you are saying at this point, Taylor, is a stacking effect, if you think back a couple of years when we implemented FAS-123R, it was an initial year of stock based comp, since then, every year you add another layer to that, so now we are into the third year of layering, and thats why you are seeing the increase to $18 million.
Taylor Harris - JP Morgan: Okay. Is that expense? How dependent is it on the stock price?
Ken Arola: It's only dependent to the extent that you value the options when they are issued and that value remains the same.
Taylor Harris - JP Morgan: Okay.
Tom Prescott: Thats based on the issued, the grant.
Ken Arola: Based on when that grant is issued.
Tom Prescott: Right.
Taylor Harris - JP Morgan: Okay. Got it. And then, back to the first quarter, so help us out with the U.S. versus international business, you mentioned that the international business probably wouldnt be as strong in the first quarter. What are you looking for in terms of growth rates in the U.S. business?
Tom Prescott: Without getting into specifics, Taylor, international will grow less quickly, put it that way. And if we look historically international, typically Q4 to Q1, is less growth, almost every year going back [when it was] international, so it's not so much bad news or down side, its just literally less step up, because fewer days worked. If you take a look at the U.S. with this view we're trying to be thoughtful about what's going on in the U.S. economy and again we say this, even while we have got some very poor sentiments from our field organizations, from our customers and more recently this consumer and doctor research we did. All that said we are trying to be thoughtful about the year in total and the start of the year in particular.
Taylor Harris - JP Morgan: Okay. I guess as just as I add up your different factors contributing to case growth and you are predicting 11% to 17% case growth, maybe I would think that international business is going to grow faster than that on a full year basis. But then in the U.S. business you're going to be adding new dentists into the fold and then there is the utilization affect. Can you help us out with what are you assuming in terms of percentage increase in dentists, orthodontics? And: what are you assuming in terms of percentage increase in utilization?
Tom Prescott: What we haven't typically provided Taylor is, its a great modeling question. We haven't typically provided guidance about utilization, while we look at it very importantly, both as an annual number and inside cohorts of doctors. We typically don't provide that as a guidance or framework. The backdrop is this in the U.S. specifically we do have assumptions about number of doctors we're going to train. We're going to go do that, we hope we can get better at getting them started up, getting them to start their first cases more quickly and get them to ramp faster that's a part of new product leverage. Significant amount of that new product leverage doesnt come till later in the year, to make it easier, faster, more efficient for them. The second part is sales force is still pretty new. We are going to come to learning curve for some them. The third part is products like Teen which are really targeted at (inaudible) really dont come out till little later in the year and then there is going be some trial and used to get going. So, we've sorted it all out. I think at a higher level first of all, again to begin with, were being little more conservative. The second thing is we are expecting less growth over in the core ortho space, I won't put an exact number on it. Third were expecting a little less growth that weve seen on GP. And then fourth were expecting a little less growth than weve seen for international and thats how we get to that range.
Taylor Harris - JP Morgan: Okay. I guess just maybe final question would be utilization. It seems as though you have seen positive trends in utilization and yet weve had a few quarters in row of sequentially flat case performance. So: is there some dynamic that I am missing there? And: do you think its fair to assume that economic conditions aside you should have utilization increases net year?
Tom Prescott: It is a great question. The average numbers dont always tell the story, we publish average utilization for ortho, GP and international. When we look whats more telling is looking at cohorts of doctors, when they were trained and where they are in their experience curve, in their adoption cycle. When we look at experienced doctors in different categories, we see meaningful adoption growth, utilization growth within those. The broad tail of less active doctors continues to skew the average number, that denominator and if you look at Q4 as an example with the slower case receipts in the latter part of Q3 in September, which impacted, who was getting cases shipped to them, that skew utilization both for Orthos and GPs. So we had a large wide base of GPs doing a little bit less each that pulled down the number. We had our high volume Orthos almost uniformly doing less cases each because it was quite in our offices, come of them as I think we said before said, it was the quietest September they have seen in years. And those short-term effects skew our quarterly number. So, within that, even within the quarter, we have already reported there is meaningful adoption growth in the segments of doctors. We have really tracked closely that showed us still fundamental traction. But again in a given quarter, which is what we think annually it's a more useful number on average to look at annually.
Taylor Harris - JP Morgan: Okay. I will hop back in the queue. Thank you.
Tom Prescott:  Thanks, Taylor.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Spencer Nam with Summer Street Research.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Partners: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions.
Tom Prescott:  Thanks, Spencer.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Partners: I just have Tom, few questions, quick clarifications, I guess. I was looking at your presentation packet and when I look at page 39, it shows you the number of doctors receiving cases quarter by quarter. And what I have noticed is that, there was actually a quite a big jump from Q1 to Q2 and then since Q2 of this 2007, it's been somewhere in the neighborhood of 16,200 doctors doing cases, the number seems to be fairly stable. How should I think about that number growing in 2008? And then related to that: how many more the general dentists as well as orthodontists you guys plan to train in 2008?
Tom Prescott:  Let me maybe answer the second question if I may first. We don't see significant training of Orthos in the US other than coming out of university programs. It's not a big number. So, that's pretty well fixed. We do expect to get utilization growth out of 3500, 3000 Orthos in a given year that really do business with us with any level of activity.  On the GP side, it's a very different bag and I think through the end of the year, we have trained a total of, give me that number here, well that's 26,000 at the end of Q3. It was roughly 27,000, 28,000 total today's that we train for GPs. There are still a very large number out of the 130,000 GPs in the US without practices that are interested, they wouldnt be a fit. And so we have a lot a headroom to go before we've reached, where we think a marginal GP provider would be marginal in terms of interest and fit for Invisalign their practice. If we step outside the US, we have even less penetration in total and we've only trained a fraction of the potential doctors, if you look at the major markets in Europe and Asia and elsewhere. So, we will continue and we have stepped up more recently in Europe to get trained again a new doctors and more in Asia, as we progress in Japan. We will continue this year, training more GPs. Stepping back to your first part of your question, which was what's going on with the is it a flat number, with total participating that's the mix of changing of doctors to make up that 16,000. The Orthos that play are pretty steady. The international doctors that play are pretty steady. There is not a lot of turnover in who is getting cases shipped. On the GP side you've got a large number, let's call it half roughly of the 10,000 or so that are getting cases ship in a given quarter. There are smaller volume doctors earlier up in their process, that they might be in for two or three cases in a given quarter and going at a quarter without starting a couple of cases and some other low volume GP still learning is in for a few more. So that 10,000 GP doctors is moving around a bit about exactly, who are submitting cases. Our goal is to get all of those GPs more routine submitters of cases and our long-term goal, we described in general, which I think are reasonable. But long term goal is a case fore doct, now whether you can do after 10,000 or subset of 10,000 that's our long-term goal. And we do believe that one case start a week for GP means it becomes an important part of their practice. So, hopefully Spencer, that helps answerable both parts of your question.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Partners: Yeah, it does. I guess one quick follow-up question is that, if I look at from 2005, which we appreciate you providing us with the fairly extensive historical data. It seems like every 12 months or so there is a meaningful step up from the, where the number was orbiting in prior year to kind of another level maybe 1,000 to 2,000 additional doctors sending a cases. I was just curious given that trend: could we expect one of the step up in 2008? And, if so: why? If not: why not?
Tom Prescott: The answer is we should. I'll say somewhat guardedly because we continue to train new doctors and we have a pretty good handle on the cycle of getting a doctor qualified than trained. And then becoming a submitter and there is a fairly predictable process to get the first cases started and work through that the learning cycle, as they become somewhat more routine submitters in sharp in this number, which now is 10,040 for GPs in last quarter. Over time the layering of new cohorts of doctors starts to show up and because we try, there is some seasonality when we train a largest number of doctors. They tend to show up in chunks rather than in a really smooth fashion and you have seen that. Now also obscuring what I would call linearity here is the effects of a competitive over the last couple of years, where we lost some main doctors and gained them back for factors other than just normal linear training and adoption growth. So, I think you have to remember that when you think about this. I would expect solid steady growth both in number of submitting doctors and utilization rates over time. I wouldn't look for any big step functions. That's part of the best way to model it.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Partners: Great, I appreciate the detail. Tom in related to that, on pricing, I noticed that the average price actually has gone up sequentially, blended ASP has gone up from Q3. I was wondering: what the prospect on that is in 2008? Are you still expecting in the neighborhood of 1,360? You guys seeing higher the number I mean: what is that either going to be slightly down based on just the pricing erosion over time? What are your thoughts?
Ken Arola: I would say that the, this is Ken by the way. I would say that the pricing at overall ASP pricing that we have seen in the recent past is what you are going to expect going forward for the first half of the year. And then as we introduce new products that will have an impact on that potential pricing, as we determine the pricing of the products in the latter half the year, as we get ready to launch those. You may expect to see some of the pricing move a little bit at that point in time. But for the first half of the year I would look at it to be pretty stable to what we have been doing.
Tom Prescott: And Spencer, to build on that a little bit. The reason why there has been some upward lift in that ASP is based on a number of factors. One of those is, that as volumes are little softer, the rebate programs and the volume rebate programs, the advantage plan, doctors got less bag, as they deliver less volume they got, they collectively pay the more higher price incrementally that supported ASP, also currency plays that as well.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Spencer. We're going to go to next question and if I can remind folks to limit your questions please. So, we can get through everyone.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Ostrea with GMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Ostrea - GMP Securities: Hi, guys. Can you hear me?
Tom Prescott: Yes, we can Anthony.
Anthony Ostrea - GMP Securities: Just a few questions here, first on the new products, Tom can you just maybe walk us again through the timelines on when they kick in? I thought I heard you say: second half for Vivera, but then: late '08 for both the teen and the new GP product?
Tom Prescott: Let me make sure that right. I believe we said was the various outplay launch now, we actually released it late in 2007, but we actually formally launched it to our US organizations, just several weeks ago, we actually guided finished earlier than planned and saw rather than waiting for the full US launch at the national sales meeting. We get it out there and do some learning. So, Vivera is out there now. It was fully launched in January and I think we've talked about what that is. Teen is later in the year, we haven't put a finer data around that, as well as ClinAssist. Both of those are out there in different stages of pilots. We continue to gather data learned from that test different pricing scenarios and offerings around that, as well as making sure that the whole system is working and with scale. And what we've said for both ClinAssist and Teen. And ClinAssist primarily been target at GP community, Teen being target at Ortho. Those were a later this year. I think as Ken, described the deferred revenue for example on ClinAssist, we are unlikely to get any deferred revenue impact in this year, which would almost by definition say its later in the year.
Anthony Ostrea - GMP Securities: Okay. And just maybe the follow-up on that question, so: are we do assume that the case in deferred revenues is really mostly the Vivera in '08?
Ken Arola:  No. Its what we've said, it's going to be all the above and reason for the range $9 million to $18 million is depending on the ultimate timing, the ultimate offerings in pricing, and the mix the each of those new products gains in our total flow of business that's all determine both our total net revenues as we end, as well as our amount of deferred revenue is on the balance sheet.
Anthony Ostrea - GMP Securities: Okay. Maybe I can ask you the question on Teen and ClinAssist offline, but maybe just: can you comment on your operating expenses? Quite a big jump, I realize $6 million of that is: options expense: maybe can you walk us through maybe the various line items? And: maybe give us a little more color on where and by what magnitude you are seeing the increases in those guys line item?
Ken Arola: Anthony, what I'd say is that as mentioned we have a most significant increase in spending or heaver spending in the first half of the year and that really revolves around the fact that we've expanded our sales coverage in particularly in North America. And we also had a lot of go-to-market initiatives kicking into the first half of the year including accelerating consumer demand media, etcetera. The other things that are impacting spending for the year are the continued efforts in product development from an engineering perspective and then we are also working on building out our infrastructure at the company.
Anthony Ostrea - GMP Securities: All of those essentially non-discretionary [IEU], those will be the recurring revenues in '09 and beyond?
Tom Prescott: Hey, Anthony, I'll see if I can answer that. And we probably are going to move to next question.
Anthony Ostrea - GMP Securities:  Okay.
Tom Prescott: The way we are approaching the business, from our perspective we have some, what appears to be fixed cost, headcount, etcetera, but we are going to run the business in a way that allows us to increase or decrease spending, while still delivering our strategic initiatives depending on with the marketplace and year evolves like. So, I don't want you think about this all as fixed costs. Some of this program spending, some of the headcount in place, and some of the spending is projected with headcount to be hired. All that said, I think I said in my comments, we are going to run the business in a way to get a lot of these key strategic initiatives punched out. The impact in the market this year set us for a significant future growth, while being mindful of the broader economy in managing appropriately. But I think maybe we can have a follow-up discussion, when surely in the gain and tease out the more information there.
Anthony Ostrea - GMP Securities: Great, thank you.
Shirley Stacy: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann.
Isaac Ro- Leerink Swann: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just following up again on this operating margin and guidance for operating expenses in '08; growing a little faster than revenues in this year. Can we assume that this investment is going to drive the dividends in the business '09? Maybe and concurrently with that I think -- as you can see it: what are you willing to say that you think the 20% operating margins are achievable at some point in the future?
Ken Arola: We absolutely believe that. As said, I believe I tried to say a minute ago, maybe not clearly enough. But we believe the right thing to do is to push through on these key strategic initiatives. We understand, we believe we understand what it takes to accelerate adoption growth. We believe we understand what specific unmet needs for the product exist in a dentist office, in an orthodontist office. And these very big steps are targeted at closing some of those gaps which our doctors, as we've tested them, say will increase your utilization, which is the key to the castle here. The second thing is we believe it's the right thing to do. And as we push through even in the pressure with a competitive marketplace, with a lot of legal spending, we've dialed back some of that strategic spending or we still push through some of that. So we felt the right to do was to make the right strategic investment in the future because we believe this is a very big, rich market. And we believe the right thing to do for shareholders is to build a kind of company that will access that market. So, yes, we believe those kind of 20% operating margins are there to be had, and we will create leverage in our model. Yes, we still believe very comfortably that the long-term growth prospects are great.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then, just a follow-up on the deferred revs, one more item here. Could you maybe quantify what you think the EPS drag is for the deferred revenue in '08?
Ken Arola: What I said earlier, I think someone else might have ask this question, is the deferred revenue of $9 million to $18 million for the year, typically our products carry a gross margin of around 75%. So if you apply something along those lines to the revenue deferrals and then you turn them with the EPS impact, you can get to something.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just last question on G&A, you mentioned, Tom, in the past kind of legal expenses having G&A being a little higher than you would think over a normalized basis long-term. Do you think $15 million or thereabout per quarter is the right level for the long run in this business? Basically what I'm getting at is does that factor in a few million per quarter in potential sort of setting aside some money for potential legal action that you might have to take to protect your franchise?
Tom Prescott: We certainly don't project any kind of other legal activity at this time. There is a normal set of things that occur. We certainly are in the finishing stages of the reexamination process, which has not been easy or inexpensive. But I guess, maybe, there is a good follow-up discussions we have as we were modeling about '08 and beyond with Shirley and Ken and the team. But I think the practical matters we believe over the longer term, as we evolve the company, as we rethink process in a company, we think SG&A spending in total, we're going to start to create real leverage against. We've shown we can do that. This year there's a little more drag on active and deferred revenue, but that's exactly the right thing to do for our customers and for the long-term growth. So our job is to explain how that washes through our P&L, how you can see progress in the balance sheet with the build up of that deferred revenues, and how you can think about that business creating, certainly creates some financial leverage with growth in the future. But in our view, we ought to be able to do a lot better at all of these areas over the longer term.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks very much.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks. Operator, we're going to take one more question, please. Operator?
Operator: Our next question is from the Josh Jennings.
Josh Jennings: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my call. The international growth obviously was strong in the fourth quarter. I'm just wondering though: if you've noticed any trend line a little bit too early, but with some of sort of recessionary trends now and trend in the international markets? Have you seen any changes in case starts over there in Europe or other areas internationally?
Tom Prescott: I'll just give you anecdotally data. The feedback we gave about slightly slower growth in Europe specifically in Q1 is a very typically scenario we're seeing in virtually every year. In fact, we forecast for this. It has to do with their number of days worked. It has to do with their holiday schedules and the like. I traded emails earlier today just anecdotally with one of our higher volume docs in Europe, and he has just opened a second practice and very excited about Invisalign. When I asked him about the economy, he said -- I think his words were we're still skimming cream off the cup. And this is core Western Europe. So what I'd say is our penetration in Europe is even less than our small penetration as in the US. And in most of these places there is really no dental insurance. They are really marketing to wealthier people in general. The short answer is, they have not seen it yet and we haven't seen concerns expressed yet. All that said, we are being thoughtful about our complete forecast for North America as well as the rest of the world, and I think we have reflected that in our outlook for guidance.
Josh Jennings: Okay. Thanks for taking the question.
Tom Prescott: Sure, Josh.
Shirley Stacy: Sorry. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon. It concludes our conference call today. We look forward to speaking to you again at upcoming conferences, including the Deutsche Bank Conference on February 14 and the Roth Conference on February 19. Our conference presentations and breakouts are available via audio webcast on our website. If you have any further questions, please contact Align Investor Relations. Thanks and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes Align Technology's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.
